it destroyed her resistance , burned out her brain cells and heated up her entire body until she felt like she was going to explode into a cloud of ash .
his beautiful mother walked around the chair and leaned against her husband 's chair , one arm draping along his shoulder as she took the cigar and put it out in the ash tray , quietly ignoring her husband 's glare .
a large pile of glowing ash was all that remained of the fire .
she put in some orders , cleared away plates and changed ash trays , all the while , keeping one eye on brett in the front .
saffi pushed herself up on the executive table behind her , trying to do it like a sex siren but then she accidentally shoved the marble ash tray off , causing it to crash on the ground .
she taps the ash off the end of her cigarette and scratches her leg where a mosquito had bitten her the night before .
when it was nothing but curling paper and ash , he stood again to face his sister and rico .
she was dressed in a long dark pink sweater with black leggings , and her ash blonde hair hung in a wet tangled mess around her shoulders .
i want to see the surprise on her face when we return to ash and sit at the same table where i propositioned her fourteen months ago .
neither of us was in the mood for celebrating after bianca 's little stunt , so we 're having dinner at ash tonight .
i looked at the carousel and saw half the horses blackened by ash .
the only exception to this rule was the ticking made by the clock on dr . schwartz 's stained ash desk , in front of which she was seated .
my eyes lost focus as i stared down at the waiting room 's ash gray carpet .
i was the ash after the fire .
the insult seemed to burn to ash in the rising temperature of the man 's smile .
when they stopped horsing around , jase stamped out the joint in a small disposable tin ash tray and set it on the nightstand .
reluctantly he turned back toward her , making his face cold as dead ash .
all those years of sucking in ash and black smoke had taken their toll .
here they were , completely screwed , moving through white ash while the fire lapped at their heels , and no one was crying like a baby , no one was pulling out a fire shelter and crawling inside .
and covered with sweat and ash because he 'd just escaped a deadly blowup .
the wildfire crackled louder now , and the sun moved behind a thick mantle of ash .
she knew the vision of logan standing fearless among five - foot flames and a black - and - gray carpet of ash would haunt her forever .
she lowered her mouth to his , could almost taste the ash on his lips- when the ladder shifted , and she stiffened .
i noticed ash on his treads , but when i asked him what he 'd been doing , he could n't tell me .
gary 's cell phone rang and logan watched his squad boss 's face go ash gray as he listened to the caller .
smoke and ash fell from the sky , blanketing his clothes and skin in a dark , sooty layer of burned - up brush .
logan jumped back against a rock and watched the fire and ash rush up the hillside .
joseph 's head whipped around , his mask covered in black ash , and seconds later he 'd moved far enough away from the flames to put down his chainsaw and flip up his mask .
slowly , he pushed back the shelter , closing his eyes against the ash raining from the charred trees surrounding the meadow .
she watched ash and dirt wind down the drain until the water ran cold .
they 'd straggled into the station , exhausted and covered in ash and dirt , each one of their faces lighting up when they saw him behind the maps .
he was covered head to toe in a thick layer of ash and dirt from digging fire lines and knocking his chain saw through endless mounds of dry brush for the past twenty - four hours .
the rookie of the bunch smiled at him , his white teeth breaking apart the black mask of ash and soot covering his face .
` ` we were swallowing dirt and sparks , running through piles of white ash .
but when she looked up at the sky , behind the layer of smoke and ash all she could see were blue skies , not a cloud in sight .
his roars of pain were sickening to me , and the sound of his body being burned into ash was just plain disgusting .
i ' m about to be the ash that garrett was so worried about becoming himself .
an expression that is so raw and primal that were i not already naked , i ' m certain that every stitch of clothing would have turned to ash , burned away by the heat in his eyes .
he poured himself into her endlessly , not realizing until later that every last defense that he 'd erected from the first moment he 'd laid eyes on niall chandler had just been incinerated to a fine - grained ash .
` ` sorry ash i had no choice believe me , i tried to get you out but my dad found out what i was up to so i had to hide . ''
` ` never better ash , i ' m just tired and i have to go ponder the fact that my father is an even bigger asshole than i thought . ''
he 's truly alive , ash . ''
as for the rest , it was all you , ash .
we 'd be lucky if the entire building was n't left in a pile of rubble and ash by the time she was done going all fire - breathing godzilla on the place .
watching the proof of our arrangement disintegrate into ash was like a weight being lifted off our shoulders .
his shirt was tucked in , but unbuttoned at the top , and his lean hips lined with that ash fabric lined his body perfectly .
` ` there 's nothing in acheron 's database about his exact modus operandi and when i talked to ash earlier , he said he had no idea where desiderius came from or who all of his targets have been .
besides , i ' m in the middle of finding out what sundown did to piss off ash . ''
` ` tell jess to lay off taunting ash before he gets toasted . ''
` ` do i need to call ash again ? ''
` ` ash is walkabout , brax , jayce , and kyros are mia , and kyrian is n't answering his phone .
` ` bite me , ash .
` ` i ' m an ash , not an ass . ''
i now know why artemis and ash locked him in alaska .
but ash did n't take it personally .
but ash would never again kill a dark - hunter and send him into the agony of shadedom .
` ` you 're asking a lot of me , ash .
his mother clucked her tongue at ash .
` ` now do n't you be covering for him , ash . ''
she motioned the bartender over and ordered red beans and rice for ash .
she wagged her finger at ash .
if she only knew ... ` ` now , '' she continued , ` ` why do n't you bring ash over to sanctuary tonight and let me make him some strawberry shortcake and cajun hash browns to put some meat on those lean bones of his ?
she smiled , then kissed nick on the cheek and squeezed ash 's forearm .
once she was gone , nick turned back to ash .
as ash reached for his beer , he noticed the tv out of the corner of his eye .
standing even in height with ash , he was the strati leader and vane 's mortal enemy .
` ` you should have called me , ash . ''
` ` oh jeez , '' nick said from the breakfast counter where he sat , waiting for ash to return .
you scared me so bad , ash , you made me eat this crappy cheese . ''
part of him wished ash would just poof them over to the warehouse , but he knew better than to ask .
talon and ash hissed in pain , ducked low , and shielded their eyes .
in fifteen hundred years , talon had only seen ash 's skin mottled three times .
` ` i ' m not your boy , ash .
talon saw that one was for him , one for sunshine , and one for ash .
vane had his arms folded over his chest as he looked at ash .
` ` hey , is it the good ash or the bad ash ? ''
` ` hey , is it the good ash or the bad ash ? ''
` ` only the real ash would be weird enough to pull that quote . ''
talon heard nick in the background calling for ash while zarek growled for nick to let go of him .
` ` did you okay this with ash ? ''
` ` i ' m not a child , ash .
he knew the risks and the dangers even better than ash did .
he looked at ash , who watched him with an arched brow as if he wanted an answer to that one himself .
` ` ash is so self - contained and -controlled that i doubt if anyone will ever know anything about him other than his name . ''
when ash spoke , there was an odd note in his voice that made talon wonder how much more ash knew than he was telling them .
talon , nick , and eric went out through the back door with ash pulling up the rear .
for ash , this was going to be a long , long night .
by the look on ash 's face , he could tell this was nothing ash did n't already know .
by the look on ash 's face , he could tell this was nothing ash did n't already know .
` ` i ' m tired of trusting you , ash .
damn ash for his secrecy .
talon lost his calm as he sprinted for the stairs with ash hot on his heels .
he pushed ash toward talon .
then he turned around to wait for the gods to break through ash 's barrier and the door .
amazed by his actions , sunshine ran to help ash carry talon down the hallway and into the last room on the left .
it was n't like ash to allow anyone to do that to him and yet he appeared to be frozen by some unseen force .
styxx reached his hand around ash 's neck and placed it in the exact spot where ash 's scar often resided .
styxx reached his hand around ash 's neck and placed it in the exact spot where ash 's scar often resided .
he pulled ash back against him so that he could whisper in ash 's ear in a language talon could n't understand .
he 'd never known of anything ash could n't handle .
talon watched as tears filled ash 's eyes and he trembled .
styxx cocked his head , but he refused to release ash .
styxx did n't seem to hear him , his attention was fixed on ash .
the demons attacked as styxx continued to taunt and insult ash .
styxx raised his hand and sent the dagger straight into ash 's heart .
like the rest of them , she could n't reach ash .
so long as he stayed calm , he seemed to be shielded from ash 's wrath .
he caught ash about the middle and knocked him to the floor .
talon ignored it as he slugged ash .
being calm was what had allowed him to reach ash .
him or ash ?
possessed of a strength and power talon had never known before , he cupped ash 's face in his hands and tried to make his old friend see him .
without a single comment , ash stepped away from talon , wrapped his arms around his chest , and walked across the room as if nothing had happened .
one of her black horns scraped against his cheek , but ash did n't mind .
astrid lay quietly , knowing the cell phone would never ring where ash was .
ashamed of him and their relationship , artemis had always tried to keep ash away from the other olympians as much as she could .
her next comment came out in ash 's voice .
thanatos had turned slowly to face ash .
ash had whirled him around and trapped the man in his arms with his back to ash 's front .
he wanted to choke the demon , but after what he had just seen ash do , he thought better of it .
he 'd always suspected ash was nobility .
` ` ash is n't a demigod ? ''
` ` can simi communicate with ash right now ? ''
it was a power ash had shown him centuries before , but one he 'd never had a use for .
it appeared ash had given him more than his claws .
he used the powers ash had given him to bind thanatos to the ground .
all the times he had told ash to burn in hell .
wulf growled at ash .
` ` you know , that information could have been vital to me , ash .
but he would love to have ash in front of him long enough to beat the hell out of him for this .
but something in ash 's voice told wulf the atlantean was lying about that too .
i always have to have someone , usually ash , chris , or my friend talon , tell them what i need done , or i e - mail them .
` ` because any order concerning his safety has to be cleared through ash first and chris knows it .
the security guards would never move without direct orders from ash . ''
but since i also had a message from ash telling me to help you two , i suppose i will . ''
` ` fuck you , ash .
he wanted ash 's blood , but most of all he wanted artemis 's and apollo 's .
thinking it was ash since it did n't register a caller i d or number , wulf pulled it off his belt and answered it .
` ` that 's ash 's baby . ''
` ` damn , ash , i wish you would warn me when you 're planning on bringing your demon here .
` ` i like this one , ash .
wulf and the others watched in stunned silence as ash healed the daimon .
it was ash and zarek .
wulf and zarek went after the last two daimons while ash and stryker faced each other .
wulf wanted to get them out and to safety , but they could n't reach the door while ash and stryker fought in front of it .
his face bloody , stryker shot another blast at ash .
he wrapped his arms around ash and rammed him into the wall .
wulf asked ash as he turned to face them .
he turned on ash with a growl .
urian did n't like that any more than ash liked being unique .
thanks , ash . ''
the demon herself had black hair with a red stripe in it that matched ash 's hair perfectly .
cocking her head , the demon looked at the little girl in ash 's lap .
he lunged at ash , only to have the atlantean spin out of his reach .
he cut a glare at ash .
damn ash for his sagacity .
he did n't know what choice to make and ash had n't really helped .
vane made his way back to the doll store where he 'd left ash .
vane passed through the curtains to find the demon gone and kyrian , nick gautier , and julian alexander talking to ash .
nick , julian , and kyrian stood in a semicircle between him and ash .
at six feet eight , decked out in black leather and possessing an aura that could only be defined as pure sexual attraction , ash parthenopaeus was a hard man to miss .
bride looked back at ash .
vane stood up and faced ash .
` ` you 're not amusing , ash , '' vane said .
by the look on vane 's face , bride could tell he wanted to strike out at ash , but knew better than to try .
she kissed ash on the cheek .
` ` ash would n't have left you here with me if you were . ''
the only one i know who could answer that is ash and he wo n't . ''
` ` ash is what , all of twenty - one ? ''
as soon as ash vanished , bride sat on the edge of the bed , beside vane .
` ` we already know ash is here . ''
bride laughed as everyone , including ash , started doing the macarena .
then she turned to face ash .
simi demanded and ash gave without hesitation .
those were the only times she 'd ever seen ash put his foot down with the demon he kept secret from most of his dark - hunters .
meanwhile the simi was a most unusual and discriminating being who made him sit through ` ` girl '' movies that often left ash groaning .
but that was what tabitha loved most about ash .
she asked ash while selena folded up her handmade sign .
tabitha was sure that was a play on words that stemmed not so much from kyrian 's last name as from his former occupation of being a dark - hunter - one of the immortal warriors like janice and ash who guarded the night against vampires , demons , and rogue gods .
it was what had drawn ash to her in the beginning .
well , except for ash , but she knew better than to make a move on him .
yeah , and tabitha needed to make sure ash did n't let his demon loose unattended anymore .
` ` does ash have any idea just what a sweetheart you are ? ''
neither kyrian nor ash would be caught dead here .
` ` that 's ash 's number . ''
` ` not our ash as in parthenopaeus ash ? ''
` ` not our ash as in parthenopaeus ash ? ''
` ` is she fighting with ash ? ''
` ` so help me , nick , you breathe a word of this and i 'll press the speed dial on my phone straight for ash . ''
` ` do n't take that tone of voice with me , ash .
he looked at ash .
you should spend more time educating them about us , ash . ''
` ` what ash said to do .
` ` because i trust ash .
` ` ash does n't have to touch them to kill them . ''
` ` ask ash .
` ` i really hate it when you do that , ash . ''
the second daimon ash had been fighting moved to stab ash , only to have his blow intercepted by valerius , who kicked the daimon back , then killed him .
tabitha ran to ash , who was on the ground , hissing as he held his arm as if it were broken .
the large dragon tattoo on ash 's forearm peeled itself off his skin into a dark red shadow that quickly transformed into the demon tabitha knew so well .
his face battered from his fight , valerius fell to his knees on the other side of ash .
valerius said nothing as he moved toward ash .
the longer they stood out here arguing , the more danger ash was in , especially since simi was n't here to protect him .
their first priority was to get ash to safety .
talon asked as he grabbed ash 's feet and helped to carry him .
` ` man , i would n't have thought anything could bring down ash .
tabitha got in the backseat with ash while talon stayed behind to continue patrolling for daimons .
what would happen to the dark - hunters if they did n't have ash to lead them anymore ?
simi would get help for ash .
the men got out and pulled ash from the seat , then carried him into the house with tabitha one step behind them .
amanda came off the sofa the instant she saw ash being carried into her foyer .
` ` we do n't know , '' kyrian said as he and julian carried ash toward the mahogany stairs .
` ` it 's ash 's demon . ''
neither woman asked where ash was , they seemed to know instinctively .
` ` tell me something , ash , '' she said in a low tone as she neared him on the stairs .
tell her , ash .
he brushed by her before she thought to warn him ash was in the house ... with simi .
simi said , her face beaming as she danced away from ash finally to wave at nick .
and she knew the instant ash realized simi ` ` knew '' nick .
` ` i did n't know she was your girlfriend , ash , '' nick panted .
while he was distracted , tabitha ran at ash , but he held his hand out and she stopped dead in her tracks and was held there by some invisible force .
tabitha cringed as ash let out an agonized cry .
tabitha snapped as ash headed for the door .
tell me something , ash .
urian was still having trouble dealing with ash when the man looked like this .
valerius asked him as ash 's earlier declaration finally seeped into his mind .
` ` that 's not good enough for me , ash .
` ` i invited ash here .
` ` did ash say anything else ? ''
i was checking into the rogue thing myself tonight and everything 's fine so you can feel free to return to ash now . ''
knowing ash , it seemed a lot more plausible than him being a daimon .
` ` whenever simi or ash want to watch something , it just comes on . ''
` ` is ash the only non ' other ' there ? ''
` ` are you telling me ash is ' other ' too ? ''
she wanted to ask more about what ash and simi were , but it had been futile enough tonight .
` ` are you going to tell me now that ash is n't a dark - hunter ? ''
` ` he 's got the same black hair and swirling silver eyes like ash does .
so you 're telling me that ash is n't his brother ? ''
and as her mind grappled with this new tidbit , she thought of what alexion had told her about ash and artemis 's relationship .
` ` what does ash have to regret ? ''
` ` you drink ash 's blood ? ''
` ` so you suck on ash 's neck ? ''
` ` how long have you known ash ? ''
the cajun needed compassion right now that ash was n't sure he could give him .
those words surprised ash .
xirena went to ash hesitantly before the two of them left the room .
simi blew a raspberry and waved her hand at ash .
simi frowned at ash .
simi popped her head up to look at ash .
xirena looked at ash .
` ` what about ash ? ''
` ` does ash know ? ''
` ` it does , but as ash would say , when you sign with the devil , you 're bound to get burned . ` `
` ` do n't you remember the night they almost killed ash ? ''
` ` ash would n't do something like that . ''
` ` yeah , and do you remember when we were trying to get ahold of ash and no one knew where he was ? ''
` ` ash does n't have that power . ''
` ` ash is the king of secrets .
` ` has anyone been able to get a hold of ash ? ''
` ` i do n't know how you died , but i know ash did n't kill you . ''
anger bled from every pore of ash 's body as he held his hand out to help dragon regain his feet .
as ravyn clapped ash on the back , he hissed and stiffened as if he were in an incredible amount of pain .
the crowd around them cut them a wide berth as people moved to get away , while the weres looked around in nervous debate about whether or not they should come between two dark - hunters , or more importantly , if they should interfere with ash .
he shoved ash back , into a table .
nick was relentless as he stalked ash .
nick grabbed ash by the front of his coat and pulled him close enough that he could whisper in his ear .
that succeeded in breaking the hold ash had on his temper .
nick 's face actually paled as he saw ash 's true form .
` ` keep walking , ash .
nick grabbed a bottle from the table beside him and flung it at ash .
cael was n't far from home , but he had no intention of taking ash there .
and knowing the nuance of every word spoken and every gesture made was the heaviest of all the burdens ash carried .
black , smoldering piles of ash on the green persian rug .
` ` you 're not like ash , where you can read my thoughts or anything , are you ? ''
` ` but if you really want that for us , then i 'll call ash and we can ask for the test to restore my soul .
` ` i imagine ash is even tougher on you than they are . ''
` ` ash will die if he ever learns he has a child that he has never seen , especially since you 're grown . ''
he gave her a devilish smile as he relished an image of ash blasting artemis into oblivion .
he 'd seen ash break loose on a few people over the centuries , which was one of the reasons sin did n't push the atlantean god too far .
sin could n't imagine how much fury ash would unleash over something this major .
` ` ash helps ? ''
one word would have allowed ash to follow him to his haven and finish it .
he then kicked him onto his hack and pressed his foot to ash 's throat to the point where bile had risen to choke him .
his father had stepped back then and left ash to strangle as he tried so desperately to breathe through his bruised esophagus .
then she 'd moved to the beefy executioner who was beating ash and whispered for him to hit even harder , to make the lashes more severe .
yeah , women were the very bane of ash 's entire existence .
simi 's eyes flashed dark so fast that ash barely had time to grab her and hold her back from eating the bitch - goddess .
kat released ash and pulled her thoughts away from that memory .
a chill went over sin at her words - the last known address for ash was artemis 's bed .
she screamed the instant ash touched her face , then tried to bite him .
his eyes misting , he looked at katra , and the love he had for his daughter actually choked sin up and it gave him a new respect for ash .
then , in the blink of an eye , ash changed forms .
kat screamed and tried to fight , but ash did n't stop .
sin focused his gaze on the mottled blue skin of ash 's hand as he held kat 's hands in place .
once the demon was completely formed in the jar , ash released kat and sat back on his haunches .
` ` i want to go home , ash .
she could just see ash doing that , too .
sin laid his brother down as he saw ash and artemis , but to his credit , he did n't attack the goddess .
sin met ash 's gaze .
a bad feeling went through ash .
sin passed a repugnant look at ash .
sin froze as he caught ash 's meaning .
as soon as he did , he saw the look of warning from ash .
styxx 's were a vibrant blue while ash 's were a swirling silver .
styxx looked at the christmas tree in the corner of ash 's throne room - half the ornaments were missing since the demons had decided to snack on them earlier in the evening .
styxx placed his hand on ash 's shoulder and gave him a sincere stare .
styxx looked away as he removed his hand from ash 's shoulder , and ash felt sorry for the hurt in his brother 's gaze .
since the day urian 's father , stryker , had cut his throat and left him for dead , urian had lived here with ash , simi , and alexion .
i kill ash , you die .
` ` flash me forward in time , ash .
asked ash .
` ` hey , karl , could you tell ash that i ' m here to see him ? ''
julian turned a wide - eyed stare at ash .
with his arms crossed over his chest , urian frowned at ash while ash sat on his throne in katoteros and played the guitar .
almost as tall as ash , urian had long white blond hair that he wore pulled back into a ponytail .
a former daimon , urian had been saved by ash after urian 's father viciously cut his throat .
urian moved to where alexion stood off to the side , also staring at ash as if ash were a science experiment that had gone seriously wrong .
urian moved to where alexion stood off to the side , also staring at ash as if ash were a science experiment that had gone seriously wrong .
` ` is this ash ? ''
` ` it 's ash .
` ` hey , ash , it 's tory .
grimacing , ash rubbed at the spot .
` ` i ' m sorry , ash .
` ` do you have any family , ash ? ''
kneeling on the ground , ash frowned as he picked up a shadow box that had a small black rock in it .
` ` i ' m so sorry , ash .
she left ash in her living room as she went to the kitchen to answer it .
decked out in their uniquely goth fashion , they looked like they belonged with ash a lot more than tory .
tory laughed at pam , who was gawking at ash .
he shoved ash 's board away from him .
savitar was silent for several heartbeats before he pierced ash with a sinister look .
unfortunately , savitar popped himself and the board out from under him and appeared on the other side of ash 's abandoned board before ash could grab him .
` ` c'm on , ash , '' kim called .
unfortunately , artemis had then brought nick back from the dead and created a nasty situation for ash .
without flinching ash caught it and it squeaked .
` ` well since ash is back , we 'll leave the two of you alone .
see the anger in estes 's eyes as he snatched at his hair and held ash at his feet .
tory reached for the cheese and froze as she caught the strange look on ash 's face .
` ` look at me , ash . ''
` ` i care about your thoughts , ash . ''
` ` why , ash ? ''
confused , she saw ash pick a fox character while someone named tobinator was a bear .
` ` ash is so quiet about everything that i just ...
tory jumped at the sound of ash 's deep , accented voice behind her .
oh they were so cute and as they saw ash , they came running to high five him - only he had to stoop over to accommodate their heights .
` ` ash is one of the best refs we got .
` ` i came with ash , '' tory explained .
dressed in a flowing pink skirt and tunic that was covered with a painted denim jacket trimmed in pink lace , the woman headed straight for ash and placed a quick kiss on this cheek .
talon turned toward him and ash made an ancient celtic obscene gesture at him that luckily only talon , tory and possibly sunshine would recognize as extremely offensive .
` ` so how long have you known ash ? ''
tory watched the grace ash showed as he moved fluidly around the kids who were so tiny compared to him .
sunshine waved her words away as ash blew the whistle and separated two of the boys who were trying to bite each other .
yeah , tory was beginning to feel lucky that she 'd met ash too .
tory looked at the tall blond who was probably no more than two or three years older than ash .
` ` but even so , you have to love ash .
taking the water from her hand , tory watched as ash showed talon how to shoot a basket during a time - out , then he laughed and shook his head when talon screwed it up again .
` ` so are you two here to watch ash ? ''
laughing , toby caught it and ash ran him at the basket so that he could slam dunk it in to the basket that had been lowered to accommodate their smaller size .
trish 's eyes misted at the sight of ash with her son .
and then one day ash and a friend of his came in and were singing with the kids on toby 's floor , handing out gifts .
` ` i 'll get you for that , ash . ''
zack dunked the ball and held his hands up in triumph while he bounced on ash 's shoulders .
` ` i have never seen ash allow someone to touch him from behind before .
tory took a sip of water as she watched ash with a set of older kids .
now styxx stood before him , a perfect replica with short blond hair and normal blue eyes that ash would have killed to possess .
had ash still been human , he 'd have only beat nick up for sleeping with simi .
if there was ever a being who was less communicative about his past than ash , it was jaden .
tory lay confused as she saw ash standing over her .
and as she tried to get her bearings , a faint image went through her mind ... it was ash holding her .
tory watched the blurry shadow that was ash as he took a seat near her bed and opened the book .
the things she 'd learned and those she still only suspected about ash .
pam smirked at ash .
kim whirled on ash with a malevolent glare .
pam shook her head as she met ash 's gaze .
` ` i am so sorry about my friends , ash .
tory looked up at ash .
` ` have you ever had a near - death experience , ash ? ''
tory was watching ash .
as a man , dev was n't much shorter than ash .
but what amused ash most was the dark - hunter bow and arrow dev had on his biceps .
tory smiled at the blond man who winked at her as she followed ash .
tory followed ash upstairs to a large round table in the rear , against a wall .
` ` ash can . ''
even angry , tory understood why she could n't go chasing out the door after ash .
tory laughed at her perfect description of ash .
` ` have you known ash a long time ? ''
` ` how old is ash ? ''
chapter 13 it was n't ash who brought tory 's clothes to her later .
tory could n't breathe as she heard ash sing .
she knew how stupid it was , but to be here right now having ash of all men sing to her .
` ` damn ash , get a room . ''
you 'll only get hurt , ash .
if she did n't sleep with ash , she 'd regret it for the rest of her life .
` ` i want to be with you , ash .
tory frowned at the shadows she saw in ash 's eyes as if some painful memory tortured him .
just do n't tell ash .
tory smiled at the mere thought of ash .
` ` ash parthenopaeus . ''
` ` you 're getting a piece of ash ?
` ` perfect for ash .
` ` ash loves manga . ''
` ` can you believe our ash is getting laid ? ''
` ` when was the last time you made love to someone , ash ? ''
the man was so choice ... she stayed there for several songs to watch and listen to ash .
please do n't be disappointed , ash .
tory burned at the sensation of ash deep inside her .
nothing on the beauty of feeling the restrained strength of ash lying under her .
somehow ash appeared in front of her .
chapter 14 terrified , tory backed away from ash as those words went through her .
` ` i do n't know what you 're saying , ash . ''
tory gestured toward the strange sound ash had been hearing , but ignoring .
` ` you ca n't live alone all the time , ash ... or is it asheron , acheron or apostolos ?
yet the one thing ash understood to the depth of his soul was that a physical pain healed a lot cleaner and sooner than a mental one .
i do n't care about your past , ash .
` ` i know what you 're thinking , ash , '' she said , stepping back to look up at him .
satara gasped as she felt the pain in her chest that signified ash had left the building .
chapter 15 satara pulled back as she caught sight of aimee peltier with ash 's new pet standing outside the room where the two of them were staying .
why do you think ash brought tory here in the first place ? ''
smiling at her friend , she went over to a table where an extremely good - looking man sat alone , wearing a pair of sunglasses that reminded her of ash 's .
dressed all in black , he also had the same fu attitude that she 'd noted on ash the night they met .
unfortunately , ash seems to be his biggest one . ''
i did n't know nick would be able to tell you were with ash or i would n't have let him in here .
poor ash .
` ` i mean i 'd be really nice to her if i were you , ash .
` ` where 's ash ? ''
the moment she did , tory saw ash being beaten .
as they headed up , tory considered calling her cousin geary , but decided against it given how secretive ash was .
every time ryssa wrote about ash , it broke her heart .
how could artemis turn her back on ash and leave him there to suffer ?
` ` one way or another , ash , i ' m going to find a way to put that goddess in her place . ''
` ` i trust you , ash .
when they did , a rage so volatile ash could taste it , rose up .
and they 'd gone to the one place ash could n't follow .
he 'd barely dialed the number before jaden appeared beside him looking as ill as ash felt .
jaden inclined his head respectfully to him as ash spoke in jaden 's native tongue and called him brother .
he gave ash a slight imperial bow before he vanished .
` ` and when ash comes for me- '' she laughed , cutting off tory 's words .
` ` but for the baby , i 'd be busting balls for you , ash .
` ` do n't get me wrong , i hate ash with every part of me and i will kill him one day , mark my words .
and because of her , i ' m a better man than ash is .
` ` you make sure you tell ash i have it . ''
chapter 19 still hidden behind the door with nick , tory blinked , then smiled at the sight of ash standing tough and large in the middle of the daimons .
like stryker , he had a deadly air that was only surpassed by the one enveloping ash .
a tall blond woman appeared a few feet from ash and indicated the door where tory stood with an imperious jerk of her chin .
tory gasped at her beauty as the woman crossed the short distance to embrace ash .
before nick could stop her , tory shoved open the door and ran for ash .
nick ran at the ash imposter , but before he could reach him , urian grabbed nick and shoved him back into the room where they 'd been .
` ` we have to go , '' urian said to her and the fake ash as he slammed the door shut behind them .
` ` urian , '' the fake ash said between his clenched teeth .
she was going to tell ash that she had no intention of going anywhere with the man who 'd gone out of his way to hurt him , but before she could even open her mouth a bright flash of light blinded her .
he looked around at the men who stood with ash and laughed in derision .
stryker cursed as he jerked it free , then went for ash again .
but when ash sealed the wound closed , styxx let out an expletive about ash 's ` ` kind '' touch that would have made stryker proud .
still , he 'd thrown himself in front of ash to protect him ...
you told me the next time you saw ash you were going to ask him if he 'd seen the movie 10,000 bc and if it 'd made him homesick . ''
chapter 20 tory paused as she entered the room where ash was sleeping .
tory shivered as ash returned to normal .
` ` you 're hurt , ash .
tory gasped as she saw ash lying nak*d on the floor .
the next thing tory knew , artemis had shoved her inside the room and shut the door , locking her in with ash .
with no other choice , tory approached ash slowly .
the last thing she remembered was seeing ash .
she put her hand into apollymi 's and the moment their skin touched , she had total clarity of everything that apollymi knew about her and acheron - more than that , she saw the memories of ash and how he died .
tears welled up in her eyes and then when she saw her own death and the satisfied look on artemis 's face as ash cried out , she wanted blood .
she could return to ash and the world with the powers of a god ...
tory cringed as she remembered the pain of ash biting her .
` ` i can stay with ash ? ''
the depths to which apollymi would go for ash touched her and it reminded her of her own mother - a mother she missed every day of her life .
` ` let me stay with you , ash . ''
tory did n't move until ash was gone .
` ` for all the times you ' ve hurt ash , you 're lucky i ' m not ripping the heart out of your chest right now .
it 's what allowed ash to be beaten rather than tell his father about you .
no one took from her without a fight , and for ash she 'd lay down her life .
with those words spoken , tory returned to new orleans where she found ash waiting on the couch of his apartment .
so do n't be sorry , ash .
` ` ash , there is nothing about you that i find disgusting .
chapter 22 two weeks later new orleans even though ash trusted tory , his gut was in a knot as he followed her toward the lecture hall at tulane where she was going to give another speech on atlantis .
but at least this time she had ash with her .
without a word to anyone or a glance to ash , artemis moved to sit in the back row , away from ash and the crowd .
frowning , she opened it to find ryssa 's final journal , the one that artemis had had her men steal along with ash 's backpack .
artemis turned to glance at ash .
and as she looked at ash over her shoulder , still dressed as a punk rocker , she wanted to weep .
on his arrival in new orleans , they 'd taken theo aside and told him the truth about ash .
the rest of her family , with the exception of geary , who knew the truth about ash , they told that he was the grandson of the man who 'd saved theo .
tory almost stumbled as she caught sight of ash in his tuxedo .
everyone was laughing and celebrating as ash and tory danced to the bee gees ' ` ` to love somebody . ''
hatred scalded his tongue as he watched ash laughing with tory .
and yet the part of him he hated most was glad to see ash so open and happy .
there had always been an air of hopelessness around ash .
he 'd loved ash like his brother and missed the friendship they 'd had .
like ash , her hair was solid black in color and fell all the way to her waist .
dear god , the man was going to kill ash !
instead , it went through war 's flesh and tore into ash 's abdomen .
but ash would n't hold that against his steward .
loyalty gleamed bright , but his friend knew what ash did .
jared tried to push him toward ash .
` ` to kill nick and ash , '' he said defensively .
war killed ash and nick , then him .
he shoved ash back , then disappeared .
then again , satara 's plan had been to have nick rape ash 's fiancee .
instead nick had stabbed her and taken ash 's woman to safety .
kat 's grin was identical to the one ash had worn earlier .
` ` ash is a god . ''
he was n't afraid of ash , but he knew a god this powerful would n't be an easy one to fight .
tory looked down at ash .
though he was nowhere near as tall as ash or jericho , his powerful aura was enough to make even the baddest of asses stand down .
` ` we 're waiting on ash , '' delphine answered .
` ` there 's ash . ''
yes , delphine was in love with her husband and considered him the best - looking man in the universe , but there was something about ash that made a woman take note .
nick glowered at ash .
valerius did a double take at seeing ash in his living room before the roman could even return his cordless phone to its pedestal .
then again , ash amended , as he looked at vane and fang , their father hated many who were in the pack as well .
fury glanced quickly to anya and ash felt not only his pain , but his longing to be counted among their siblings .
they went to stand off to the side with val and the gators while ash , fang , and vane were huddled over anya .
that told ash more than anything just how upset fang was .
` ` i do n't know how to birth the cubs , '' he told ash .
the bad thing though was that the wolves could n't use their magic any more than ash could .
it was so pale , it held a grayish tint to it like ash .
` ` hey , ash , it 's aimee peltier .
` ` i do n't know if you ' ve ever met fang kattalakis , but he was attacked by daimons a couple of days ago and- '' her words died as ash appeared beside her dressed all in black .
after entering the room , ash knelt beside the bed to examine fang 's body .
aimee motioned ash out of the room .
he called ash while she leaned back to listen and mull over everything that 'd happened since last night .
` ` one of ash 's servants happens to be stryker 's son and is over eleven thousand years old himself .
not even ash could control him .
and because stryker 's actions directly affected ash , he could n't use his powers to see what the hell the bastard was doing .
but what concerned ash most was that nick whispered in a language ash did n't know .
especially once he saw it was ash who 'd hit him .
he moved to grab ash , but ash spun away , out of his reach .
he used his powers to pick up nick 's hand and rub it against the whiskers on his cheeks that confirmed what ash was telling him .
but ash did n't need to know that .
` ` according to ash , that was n't nick who let the daimons in . ''
` ` hey ash ... i have a situation here . ''
not like ash had n't ever done something stupid .
hell , he 'd even witnessed a few of ash 's more award - winning moments of dumb .
scorpio and i have run it past ash .
what ever the truth , both ash and nick were keeping it close to their vests .
nick did know a major secret about ash .
nick curled his lip at ash .
nick bellowed in rage before he lunged for ash .
she knows a lot about ash . ''
` ` so , '' sin continued with his explanation , ` ` if ash is n't focused on here , he wo n't know what 's going on .
i forget you and ash are weird enough to actually like him .
then turned toward ash .
a part of her and ash .
it was here that ash 's mother , apollymi , had destroyed her family over what they 'd done to acheron when she 'd been forced to hide him in the human realm .
if not for ash , urian would n't be here now .
` ` my first name is n't much easier , it 's why i usually go by ash .
` ` i ' m tired of fighting with you , ash .
faster than ash could react , which said a lot about nick 's skills , nick grabbed him into a headlock .
the one who had wormed his stupid way into ash 's heart , and taught him a lot about human life and normality .
he raked a sneer over ash 's body .
while nick 's predecessors had been created from the same primal source of power that fueled the gods , nick 's species had been created as a servant for ash 's mother .
` ` you better be right , ash .
slam him again , ash .
the tallest one tried to peacock posture ash .
he took ash 's hand with the arm that had n't been broken , and the moment he did , the pain vanished .
warmth spread through his veins as whatever ash was doing to him healed his body completely .
yet from the moment ash 's wife tory had placed that black titanium wedding ring on his finger , ash had learned the benefits of ` ` you knock on my door looking to fight ?
as soon as ash was gone , everyone returned to normal .
dark red strands were entwined with gold , brown , black , and ash .
once i ' ve got them occupied , i 'll bring ash to you .
dante arched a brow at ash who did n't bother to correct his demon .
in all the years he 'd known ash , he had never seen the man relaxed .
but that was n't the ash he saw now .
she looked tired , but amused , as she watched ash and his elfin helper with the children .
gallagher could n't have been more stunned had she told him ash routinely burned the hospital to the ground .
even though ash could be terrifying , there was something oddly comforting about the atlantean .
the instant ash realized he was there , he saw the veil come down over the man 's face .
the humor faded , and ash stiffened noticeably .
gallagher watched as ash rushed into the room to take a little girl from the elf and then set the child aside .
` ` akri is ash ? ''
` ` ash has horns ? ''
nor had ash saved this city from the storm .
that ash would never have allowed new orleans to suffer .
the daimon lord had told him that if nick gave him information against acheron and the other dark - hunters and the squires who served them , then stryker would give him the power he needed to kill ash .
like ash , he could walk in daylight , and unlike other dark - hunters , he could walk in a cemetery and not be possessed by the wandering souls that were trapped here .
friends did n't screw each other over the way nick had been screwed by ash .
nick did n't want to forgive ash .
he wanted time to go back to the way it 'd been before - when his mother had been alive and ash had been his best friend .
` ` ash has a mother ?
` ` but ash has always profraned doing that . ''
then he spied all that was left of the proud ivana - black ash against glaringly white snow .
crying , frantic to touch even a fragment of her , he lunged for them- and he traced instead , brushing his fingertips over disintegrating ash .
` ` there 's a remedy , but i 'll need five ash vines to make it .
the daci forsook her , returning when she was no more than scattered ash .
` ` the ash vines help mortals as well .
hag completing the potion , me administering it , elizabeth 's stubborn gray gaze coming into focus , her arms wrapping around me in gratitude ... ... ash vines clutched in his shaking fist , lothaire rendered himself invisible , half - tracing to the opened patio doors to find elizabeth , hag , and thaddeus doing tequila shooters on the deck .
` ` and you went and got ash vines for me ? ''
his charred skin and clothes smelled of ash .
his hair - too light to be black , too dark to be brown - was streaked with ash , the matte gray matching his eyes .
she reached for it , nearly stumbling when it disintegrated into ash .
like a domino chain , the rail began collapsing into ash , foot by foot for what looked like leagues .
sweat poured from him , ash drying out his mouth .
holding her hands up in front of her , lucy watches her skin disintegrate into snow and ash and air .
there were overflowing ashtrays , and makeshift ashtrays , and then just trails of ash and plates full of cigarette butts .
the carpet had stains all over it - spilled drinks , ash , and puddles of things he supposed were blood .
their skin was the color of ash , marked everywhere with greenish - purple bruises and dozens of marks , and garishly lit by the red , yellow , and blue lights below them .
he wore an armor of a silvery brown like the bark of trees in winter , and when he moved , the armor flashed a multitude of colors : peat black , moss green , ash gray , sky blue .
the black line it left behind looked like charring , a line of ash .
the air was full of the smell of burning as valentine 's body turned to ash that blew away on the cold air .
she coughed , tasting ash in her mouth .
the bed was full of several inches of sloshing water , mixed with swirls of the ash that was sifting down from the sky in a fine black rain .
he had not burned away to ash , but sat unscorched in the sunlight , and the pale skin of his face and arms and hands was entirely unmarked .
soon all that was left was a fine drift of ash , sifting like white powder across the rosebushes .
pages ripped from books drifted in the air like ash .
and then valentine had come and turned it all to dust and ash , leaving jocelyn thinking her son was dead , leading her to hide the truth about the world from her daughter ... . a sense of piercing sadness invaded clary .
it was sebastian , crunching toward her across the rubble , his boots kicking up puffs of ash .
the air was still full of dancing dust and ash , the grass all around scattered with debris : shattered bits of furniture ; the pages of books blowing mournfully in the wind ; splinters of gilded wood ; a chunk of almost half a staircase , mysteriously unharmed .
with a sound like a pail of water poured onto flames , it shuddered and vanished in a burst of ash .
with a dusty shriek the demon vanished , the violence of its exit from this dimension splattering alec with a fine rain of ash .
the living room was empty , the fire in the grate burned down to gray ash , but noise and light emanated from the kitchen : a chatter of voices , and the smell of something cooking .
she tried to visualize the prince again , but the image seemed to shatter and dissolve before her eyes , like ash blown away on the wind .
it was hard to see him like this , all his usual burning energy gone , like witchlight suffocating under a covering of ash .
with a snarling grin she snapped the blade in half ; one half crumbled to a shining powder in her hands , while the other - the hilt and a jagged shard of blade - sputtered darkly , a flame half - smothered by ash .
hours of training in how to fall , to balance , how to land like jace did , as if you were a piece of ash sifting gently downward .
return thou to the realm of smoke and flame , of ash and- '' ` ` that wo n't work on me , '' said the demon in a bored voice .
he sat on top of the table , among the pizza boxes and coffee mugs , watching as the rest of team good did their best to clean up the destruction left by azazel 's appearance - the smoking holes pocked into the walls , the sulfurous black goo dripping from the ceiling pipes , the ash and other grainy black substances ground into the floor .
` ` the blade turned to hot ash after it touched me , but it did the damage it needed to do . ''
her body was as gray as ash , fissured with black lines like volcanic lava .
the stone on which he knelt was blackening , cracking , turning to ash .
` ` that 's ash . ''
jordan 's brown hair was thickly snowflaked with ash .
the fire had n't spread , though there were charred dead leaves and blowing ash here , too - and in among the clipped hedgerows , there were bodies .
werewolves - of all ages , though mostly young - lay sprawled along the manicured paths , their bodies being slowly covered by ash as if they were being swallowed by a blizzard .
she skidded through the ash , to where the grass gave way to sand , and dropped down beside the corpse .
he slid his sword into the scabbard at his waist and walked away , his boots sending up puffs of ash as he went .
alec pressed his fingers to it ; they came away smudged with something dark that looked like a smear of ash .
there was no laughter around her , no pretty tiled kitchen , only gray , powdery ash and blackened rock .
there was a depression between two rises of ash and rock , and crouched in it was isabelle , struggling to her feet .
he could hear her coughing ; his own lungs felt coated with ash .
their faces were already smeared with dirt and ash , their gear powdered with it .
the effort made her cough ; the air was foul , thick with smoke and ash , but she did n't feel like staying for an argument .
he said , gesturing around them at the blasted landscape , the ash - torn sky .
it shot upward , piercing the darkness ; a second later a heaving dark mass plummeted to earth and hit the ground with a whump that sent up a cloud of powdery ash .
the path opened out into a shallow beach of fine , very powdery sand , nearly as soft as ash , that led down to the water .
she was pretty sure she could face another day of trudging , her feet sometimes slipping ankle - deep into heaps of ash , if she just had sweet caffeine pumping through her veins ... ... ` ` are you thinking what i ' m thinking ? ''
they started up the steps , which were gold streaked with the black of ash and corrosion .
` ` the demons - they 're called asmodei here - burned away the sun and filled the sky with ash and clouds .
they had been stripped , their skin gray like ash except where it was marked all over with ugly black scrawls , not like marks at all but hideous .
clary saw the demons turned to flaming silhouettes before they shuddered and exploded into ash .
the ones closest to jace crumbled first , but the light ran through all of them like a fissure opening in the earth , and one by one they shrieked and dissolved , leaving a thick layer of gray - black ash on the floor .
once we hit the outskirts of ash springs , we slowed to a walk , keeping off the sidewalks and away from the lampposts .
other than the fact ash still managed to make crying look glamorous , i was so over that useless emotion .
archer blew out a low whistle and studiously looked away , which gained ash 's catlike interest .
` ` ash is a douche . ''
unless it involved ash 's past with daemon , then she was all kinds of talkative , but whatever .
he spun toward ash and andrew .
` ` i need you to- '' ` ` i ' m fine , '' i cut in , watching luc spin around to pull a thunderstruck ash into the foyer .
everyone looked at ash .
i turned to where ash was still guarding beth .
digging my toes into the cracked pavement , i eyed the path to beth and ash .
i took another step forward , seeing ash and beth rounding an overturned humvee .
i was happy to see them still standing , even though tears were flowing freely from ash 's eyes .
the shot hit ash in the back .
there was nothing of ash in daemon 's arms , just a shell of translucent skin and narrow veins .
they 'd grown up with the thompsons , and i knew a part of daemon did love ash .
something must ' ve connected in daemon 's head , because he laid ash down gently and stood .
i had n't been close with andrew and ash , and i had n't known paris that well , but their deaths hurt nonetheless .
knowing that ash and andrew would die ? ''
to this day , she was probably the most beautiful girl i 'd seen in real life , just like ash , but ash ... she was no longer with us .
to this day , she was probably the most beautiful girl i 'd seen in real life , just like ash , but ash ... she was no longer with us .
it was beyond kind and perfect that dawson and beth had decided to name her after ash .
` ` ash was on her mat , playing with her toys , and the next thing we know , she 's spelled her name . ''
half a second later , the rack was a pile of ash .
i scanned the parking garage , seeing some piles of ash and some gross - looking gunk , but no more demons .
specks of ash began to fall from the sky , landing on my hands and in my hair , smelling of burnt flesh and evil .
chest heaving and face covered in ash , i raised a shaking hand .
all the things she 'd told him last night had felt like bitter ash on her tongue this morning .
a new one , given the lack of ash .
a pit full of ash from a night 's worth of logs sat beside me , the flames barely flickering anymore .
in seconds , nothing but ash remained .
as imogen advanced , she watched olive green orbs widen , taking in her surroundings - the smoldering ash , the destroyed building , the ring of witches , fingers ablaze , the crumbled marble around her feet .
her brow furrowed , her startled eyes roamed , suddenly halting , latching onto one of the ash mounds .
or at least a few thousand , back in manhattan where his true love lay , charred in a heap of ash .
his eyes grazed over his friends ' predicament but they did n't rest long there , finally settling on a mound of ash eight feet from me .
i followed their gaze to the one mountain of burned bodies within the circle , where tiny fissures spidered through the hard ash .
* * * a hot , searing sun scorched my eyes , set fire to my blood , and charred my skin to a black crispy ash .
these questions were floating around in my head when caden , bishop , and fiona barreled through the door , their clothes covered in blood and ash , their eyes quickly marking every figure in the room , as if suspicious of a threat .
i knew i 'd prefer him in clothes that were n't covered in ash and blood .
some of the blood and ash from caden had rubbed off onto me , leaving streaks of soot and crimson .
still , the charred signs and ash against the concrete walls proved that it had not escaped completely unscathed .
* miles of rubble and ash stretched ahead of us , canopied by the remnants of a looming , thick cloud .
she did n't move when the air grew suddenly thick and then the windstorm blew in , concentrating its force above the building site until it resembled a contained tornado , gray with dirt and ash , roaring with ferocity .
evidence of amber out here with her friends sits in a circle in the sand - a man - made stone pit with a pile of ash nestled within .
blaire ash smiled as his pen flew across the large notepad clipped to a board .
i straightened , focusing on ash .
` ` come meet ash . ''
` ` ' kay , seriously , ash .
` ` that 's ash 's , '' he says , a lazy hand waving to the open door on the left , revealing a king - sized bed and dark gray linens .
` ` come dance with me , ash . ''
` ` i ' ve been around ash when his dad comes to see a race .
i know i joke about ash being a lousy captain but he 's actually a good one .
it 's ash .
a taltos came here , ash .
do n't get too excited about it , ash .
but come quickly , ash .
` ` samuel , people are always watching you , wait- '' ` ` your hair , ash .
` ` you 'll live till the end of the world , ash , and be the one to make it crumble . ''
and ash .
the cave , he saw that too again , as if a dozen vivid photographs were shuffled suddenly before him , and one moment he was running down the cliff , slipping , nearly falling , and at another samuel stood there , saying , ` ` let 's leave here , ash .
` ` but ash is the single - syllable version , which i heartily prefer .
` ` do n't be an imbecile , ash , this gypsy is falling in love with you ! ''
and i will call you ash ?
he knew that ash , the tall one , had come into the room , but not to detach yuri from the telephone .
he noticed the simple black watchband around ash 's wrist , and the gold watch itself , with digital numbers .
now the little man was cradled comfortably by the civilized chair , and swaddled in civilized garments , staring eagerly at the miraculous willowy giant , ash , who took his time to answer .
demanded ash suddenly .
he saw the long , thin fingers of ash touch the edges of the photograph .
asked ash , turning , the firelight flashing up on his face so that his eyes looked almost as green as mona 's and his tie looked like a deep stain of blood .
` ` you may not , '' he said again , staring at ash .
then , right before his face , he saw the white fingers of ash 's right hand .
` ` music , ash , '' he said quietly , and then , settling back once more , his head against the window , his eyes large and struggling to see through the horrid dark glass , he began to sing to himself in a wee voice , a tiny falsetto , a song no one might understand but samuel , and even samuel might not know for sure .
` ` and you , all of you into hell , '' cried ash .
the man within looked out warily , and when he saw ash , his face was transformed from amazement to shock and immediate secrecy .
the man took a deep breath , all the while studying ash , studying the small details of his body .
said ash .
samuel sat there with his knees bent , scowling at ash .
oh , if you could have seen this creature ash , you would not have believed your eyes . ''
quickly , ash surveyed the shops on brook to his left , and then , looking across , down the length of spelling , taking the shops and the passersby one by one .
but he remained silent , studying ash as before .
yuri saw ash at once .
he stared at ash madly , or so it seemed .
he turned just as ash bore down upon him , reaching the curb , and reaching out to grab stuart gordon 's arm .
he knows what i am , thought ash , and his heart sank slightly for this man .
gordon went into a panic and began to claw at ash 's fingers .
gordon began to writhe in courageous fury , scratching again at ash 's fingers .
the long rolls - royce jolted to a halt beside ash .
michael curry had slipped in the front , beside the driver , and rowan climbed in now across ash , her skin burning him as it touched his leg , and took the jumpseat opposite , as yuri collapsed beside her .
said gordon , turning so that he might face ash as well as rowan mayfair , his head back against the upholstered corner of the car .
asked ash gently .
he looked at ash as he spoke .
rowan mayfair sat with her hand on her knee , much as ash did , and she raised her fingers now in a rolling gesture , begging him , perhaps , to be patient .
the snap of a lighter startled ash .
and this witch can father the taltos , ash thought , studying michael curry 's profile and his slightly crude but charmingly proportioned features .
his voice had a lust in it that surely extended to many things , thought ash .
rowan mayfair continued to look only at ash .
he stepped outside , lit a fresh cigarette , and watched with quiet fascination the formal gentleness with which ash guided his prisoner into the pub and inevitably towards the bathroom .
michael watched ash as he returned gordon to the backseat .
he knew it by a hundred little details - the size of ash 's knuckles , the curious way he widened his eyes now and then so that he looked awestruck , and above all perhaps by the absolute perfection of his mouth and teeth .
as for ash , if he was lusting after rowan , he was keeping it a gentlemanly secret , but then the creature was driving towards a female of his species , who was perhaps one of the last female taltos in the world .
he looked one more time across the lake and then at the enormous figure of ash walking in front of him , ash 's hand still clamped to stuart gordon , and stuart gordon walking as if he would soon collapse - an elderly gray - haired man , the tendons of his thin neck looking woefully vulnerable as he moved into the light of the doorway .
yes , this was the quintessential moment , he thought , and it hit him rather like somebody slamming him with a boxing glove , that a female taltos lived in this tower , like rapunzel , and that ash was going to kill the man he was guiding towards the door .
her face was perfectly round , flawless , rather like that of ash , but not so long or deeply defined .
blue eyes , however , kind , and fringed , like those of ash , with long , luxuriant lashes .
asked ash softly .
was this why rowan was crying , or was she merely tired and wondering , eyes watering slightly as she watched ash looking down at the woman and the woman looking up .
he let go of tessa and approached ash , hands clasped as if praying , peering up without fear now , caught in something more crucial to him even than his own survival .
play my music for ... for ash ! ''
she moved towards ash , and this time he could not resist .
and as the pace quickened , as the trumpets began to delicately trill the notes , with perfect control , as all voices blended magnificently in the most jubilant moments of the composition , faster and faster they danced , ash swinging tessa along almost playfully , into bolder and bolder circles .
another sound was not blended into the dance - for the canon , when played like this , was surely a dance - and slowly michael realized it was the sound of ash singing .
no plea or protest came from the old man , fallen to one side in the chair , his eyes moving without urgency from ash to tessa and then to ash again .
he did n't move , or look away from ash .
and then there was ash , the mysterious ash .
and then there was ash , the mysterious ash .
they needed ash too much just now .
he did hate gordon , and yuri saw it by the absence of something in ash 's face , the absence of compassion , perhaps ?
the absence of the tenderness which ash showed to everyone , absolutely everyone else .
rowan was taken with ash .
it was the same simplicity he 'd observed in ash at claridge 's , when they had first spoken .
asked ash , raising his voice just slightly .
his face became sad , and he looked at ash .
it was n't so much a question as a confirmation of what had been revealed earlier , only ash , feeling no need , apparently , to confirm it , did not speak .
he looked at ash coldly .
yuri looked at ash , but ash said nothing .
but gordon was already staring at ash , and then said quickly : ` ` could this be the very personage for whom you were named ?
` ` yes , '' said gordon , ripping his eyes off ash finally and looking to her .
he looked at ash , as if ash would move to stop him .
he looked at ash , as if ash would move to stop him .
and now ash stared at the box as gordon set it down before them .
it seemed something was building in ash , something that might explode .
gordon stood frozen by his chair , ash standing over him .
he threw his anger in the face of ash 's anger .
she looked at ash .
yuri watched as , slowly , ash set down the precious book again and turned to face gordon , his hands free now to carry out the sentence which he himself had imposed .
he dashed to the cabinet again , and when he spun around , he held a gun in both hands , pointing it at ash , and then at yuri , and then at rowan and michael .
yuri looked up , overcome with love , and then , clamping his hand behind ash 's neck , he put his lips to ash 's mouth .
somewhere in the back of his mind were samuel 's careless words , that he had fallen in love with ash .
he moved away from ash and stood at the foot of the crumpled body .
` ` here , this is the number of the motherhouse , '' he said to ash as he righted himself , and put a single card in ash 's hand .
he saw the long fingers of ash close on either side of it , picking it up .
one chair had been specially made for ash , that was obvious , and he 'd been standing by that chair when he had gestured for rowan and michael to take the other two .
for ash , no doubt .
samuel , the astonishing little man , slept in a rear cabin , curled up in bed , holding tight to the bottle he 'd brought from the flat in belgravia , and demanding a bulldog which ash 's servants had not procured for him .
except that she could n't imagine being severed from ash right now , and she did n't think that michael could , either .
in a way , it seemed that michael needed ash more than she did , though michael and she had not had a moment , really , to talk of these things .
but ash reached to pour for her before she could do it , and he put the cup in her hand .
but michael just smiled in his usual frank fashion and said , ` ` then tell us everything , ash .
you 're still with ash , are n't you ? ''
indeed , one night they had drunk each other under the table , telling jokes , while rowan and ash had only smiled indulgently , to be left at last with the awful tension of knowing that if they went to bed more would be lost than gained - unless ash thought of himself , and only himself entirely .
not in ash 's nature .
` ` you 're out of sorts , ash , '' said samuel , gesturing for another glass of whiskey , and it was pure whiskey , ash could tell by the smell .
asked ash quietly .
` ` think about all those who depend on you , ash , '' said samuel , continuing the same sermon for the same congregation .
food had come , a large salad for the little man , the pasta for ash .
he sauntered over to ash , and crooked his arm around ash 's neck .
and would they ever truly see ash again ?
he wanted to answer , he wanted to say something about his own love for ash , and something else , something else that was almost torturing him .
this is a taltos as surely as ash is a taltos , as surely as those two under the tree are taltos .
and i loved you , thought ash , and i thought for a little while i would be one of you .
de quincey staggered before the other vampires , his pale face smeared with black ash , his teeth bared .
he held his hands out to her ; they were streaked with black ash .
there were times , when the illness was at its worst , when all the color drained even from his eyes , leaving them horribly pale , nearly white , with that black speck of pupil in the center like a speck of black ash on snow .
camille 's dress was ruined , that was evident - torn and stained with blood and ash in a dozen places .
now , drowning will , on the other hand ... she sat up , reached for the cake of lavender soap on the edge of the bath , and scrubbed her skin and hair with it until the water turned black with ash and dirt .
inside was a thick layer of what tessa thought at first was ash , but the color was too bright .
his already pale hair had whitened further with plaster dust , and his cheeks were streaked with ash .
if i was a golden blonde and pam was a paler true blonde , karin 's hair was at the ash blond end of the spectrum .
the captain puffed on his pipe : his clothes were covered in a fine layer of ash , and when he was not smoking his pipe he was chewing at the stem , or excavating the bowl with a sharp metal instrument , or tamping in new tobacco .
she brushed his hair back , revealing a hard - planed , masculine face covered with grit and ash from the battle .
when they 'd found the records reduced to a smoldering heap of ash , that 's what kristoff had muttered .
a smudge of ash was stark against her alabaster skin .
to wroth , she said , ` ` are you eager to be ash ? ''
some mysterious entity had answered her and made her heart like ash .
conrad rubbed his forehead , smearing ash there .
sweat rolled down his face and into his eyes , mingling with the swirling ash and soot .
indeed , sabine had seen omort stabbed through the heart , beheaded , and burned to cold ash .
the end was coming ... vampires rushing for - ward ... almost reaching them ... until the attackers became ... ash .
the ash scattered ... . omort turned that murderous gaze on hettiah .
by the time declan left him , lothaire 's skin had been seared away to the bone , his body more ash than flesh .
inside he felt cold as ash .
aye , cold as ash .
no piles of ash remained either , so regin was hopeful .
bitch , '' regin said as ember 's arms fel to the ground in a cloud of wafting ash .
instead , ash and grit began to fal , blanketing the beach with the steady downpour .
they narrowed , and with a feeling of unhappiness , he watched himself let the black ash sift back into the box .
now all that was left was the ash of a spent fire .
he smelled like leaf ash , dusky and thick , and the scent went right to the primitive part of her brain and flicked a switch .
he said , looking good in his italian suit and smelling deliciously of wool , ash , and himself .
the pixy shouted , and trent ran a hand over his ash prints on the hearth , then wildly looked for something to hide behind .
head down , i wove through the diminishing crowd after him , my satisfaction at having saved susan stilling to a gray ash .
my heart felt like ash , and i blinked , trying to see the angel 's features .
sighing , he rubbed his forehead , leaving a smear of black ash .
we 'd gotten away , but my heart was like ash , as black as the coating on my soul .
putrid ash mother corn shucker , you want rooms ?
nothing remained of him but memories and a box of ash under ivy 's bed .
i 'd used it once to burn kisten 's murderer to ash , but the vampire had been dead - really dead - for almost a year before i 'd found him .
tugging his suit straight , he stood beside me smelling of ash fires .
my lips curled as the bitter concoction slipped down , tasting of ash and willow .
jenks arrowed into the kitchen , bringing with him the scent of ash from the fireplace .
curious , i went to investigate , smiling when i saw a black - and - white photo of his mother tucked beside a lit candle and a small fingerbowl of fragrant ash .
we needed the ash , apparently .
in the center of the pentagram and the crucible was a pile of ash .
` ` anoint the ash with oil of marigold , '' he said dryly .
i 'd use an amount equal to the mass of the ash . ''
my palm itched as i broke the protection circle , carefully spilling what i thought was the right amount of oil onto the ash .
` ` in fidem recipere , '' i said , smearing the ash and oil between my fingers for a good connection .
the ley line surged through me as the oil and ash burst into flame , and i wiggled at the uncomfortable sensation .
his aura failing , the surface demon fell and a layer of black ash covered him .
landon chuckled , turning the taps on to wash even the ash into the sewer system and out of my reach .
he spun to his fire and took the iron , rapping the ash from it .
` ` then what , ash breath ? ''
the pieces thudded to the floor before evaporating into ash .
every inch of her was doused , crackling - and then she was gone , ash floating through the air .
if they were together every minute of every day , and every sultry night , she would n't just lose ; she would end up in flames , a pile of ash .
mckell 's confidence ... ` ` if he does , i 'll just wish him into a pile of ash , '' she said .
there was nothing but ash and the echo of screams when i was done . ''
he 'd followed pieces of that ash for days .
it could have spilled inside the cloud , and if that was the case , it was gone forever , rendered nothing but ash .
through layers of dirt and rock , through long , winding tunnels , and into hell , a land of fire , ash and utter doom .
the images burned away , there one moment , gone the next , mental flames leaving nothing but ash .
his eyelids fluttered open and he saw that his body was gone , a pile of ash , his spirit floating beside kadence .
` ` for a while , i lost touch with my own will and the demon had total control of me , forcing me to do - ` ` all manner of evils , he mentally finished , visions of blood and death , smoke and ash and utter desolation filling his mind .
` ` the darkest pleasure '' ` ` i hate to break this to you , ash , but they 're demons .
` ` oh , ash .
grandma told me hope purposely raises expectations , makes people believe there 's a potential for a miracle , and then he crushes those expectations , leaving nothing but ash and despair . ''
when nothing but ash remained , they looked to lysander for instruction .
his throne was comprised of bone , ash and more of those flames .
instantly , swirling , ghostly souls began writhing between the bones and ash .
but the bones , too , disintegrated and black ash soon coated the air , blowing in every direction .
he ran toward it , huffing and puffing for mile after mile , almost ... there ... his eyelids fluttered open and he saw that his body was gone , a pile of ash , his spirit floating beside kadence .
her hand was turning to ash , surely .
crackling flames , melting flesh , black ash wafting and dancing in the breeze.the night 's terror du jour had been fire .
the forest was composed of ash and withered foliage .
actually tasted like ash on his tongue .
no brimstone , no ash .
he needed something , anything , to wash away the ash caked inside his mouth .
was even now sucking a disgusting cloud of ash into his mouth and blowing smoke in her too - appealing , perfectly sun - kissed face .
` ` by the way , you ' ve ruined a perfectly good prank cal with al this baby talk , ash , '' wil iam scolded her .
skin turned to ash , and bone to liquid , the ash drifting away in the breeze , the liquid forming a black , oozing puddle .
skin turned to ash , and bone to liquid , the ash drifting away in the breeze , the liquid forming a black , oozing puddle .
let me get ash situated 1st .
tears stung her eyes , that dream quickly flaming to ash inside her .
they had licked inside her , searing her cells , her organs , and leaving only ash .
as with all phoenix , she would die and her body would burn to ash .
rather than hills of soot and ash , with gnarled trees stretching grotesque limbs in every direction , snowcapped mountains painted the area .
he returned his attention to the pile of ash , and his gaze snagged on a small cigarette lighter .
the moon was still high , the hooked edges bleeding into a sky covered in a thick film of ash , hiding all the stars .
he could be a pile of ash for all i know . ''
it creates ash , the total opposite of what desert asshat needs for strength . ''
i smell fire and ash , but i am not burned .
the last bits of ash float on the wind like gray snowflakes , and then disappear .
he swiftly extracted his hand , screaming in agony as his fingers turned to smoldering ash .
blood splattered in every direction and then turned into a gray sticky ash .
the flesh melted away , leaving giant holes filled with ash .
a pile of ash covered his half - naked body , and the monster was gone .
before i knew it , the maaskab 's body turned to ash and landed in a pile on the ground .
dammit , ash .
get a grip , ash !
you 're an idiot , ash .
you 're not letting some ass**le run you from your home , ash .
he 's finally come for you , ash .
` ` listen , ash .
that 's right , ash .
put ' er there , ash ! ''
i had hidden my ash tray under an overturned flower pot .
` ` yeah , things have been a little chaotic lately , '' i admitted , flicking ash onto the concrete floor .
cause i 'm a gon na kicksh her ash , '' the girl slurred .
i 'm a gon na kicksh her ash , '' she mumbled , getting unsteadily to her feet and hobbling in the direction i had sent her .
and then everything is gray , gray forever , gray raining down on me , covering me in ash until my eyes burn and my skin itches .
troy laughed and spit in my direction , the wad landing in the ash next to my face .
to the right , maggie lay in ash and soot with her back propped halfway against a log .
flurries of ash filled the air , a smothering haze as the chopper stirred the ground .
animal blood , and i speak from experience , not only tastes like ash , but ca n't satiate the thirst and it wo n't nourish . ''
` ` i thought it 'd be like vamp - i mean , like your kind in the movies , you know ; how it tastes like ash . ''
david and i held our breath , watching them leave their life behind , decaying into ash around our feet .
he nodded toward the ash .
the smell of rosemary and mint , and the dry parch of ash from a fireplace not lit for a long time filled my nostrils .
he reached across and , with the tips of his fingers , untangled a small piece of bonfire ash from my hair .
it was empty , deep , nothing but a draft and the smell of soot and ash inside .
i huffed , scraping a layer of ash away from the corner of the page .
she flicked ash onto the pavement .
in the centre was a little circle of stones , enclosing a heap of wet ash .
i had been touched , and where i had been touched i crumbled like ash .
i left the pile of ash i had created .
it was a fog bank , rising as high as the ash sky , a wall of gray and water .
a small patch had turned black below my palm ; when the gentle breeze made contact , the few remaining black stalks turned to ash and blew away with the wind .
zane tapped ash off into an ashtray he 'd left on the wooden porch railing .
in fact , there is n't a single hue found in all of nature that holds that brindle , velum , ash disaster .
chapter 88 carousing with the counts the sky lights up a smooth shade of ash with no rain in sight for the evening , just the ghosts from ezrina 's underworld submerging us in their mist .
the sky swallows all of the lavender glory from above , regurgitates it into a bruised navy welt with dark ash clouds .
the air begins to smolder , the scent of ash and dust burrows in our nostrils .
the moonlight bleeds over her like ash , petrifying her in a state of catatonic shock .
he taps his cigarette over the railing , and the ash lights up the night with its orange tail .
shockingly , lucien replied instantly , ` ` burn to nothing but ash then scatter the remains . ''
that thing that died inside her , whatever it was , turned to ash .
that thing inside her she thought was long since ash , she knew now , was alive and flourishing .
instead , she got a boob job , got her ash blonde hair highlighted true blonde and became somewhat famous for being real y good at lounging on muscle cars with half her ass hanging out .
she had curly , ash - blonde hair , milky green eyes and she had curly , ash - blonde hair , milky green eyes and was tal , tal er even than me .
she had curly , ash - blonde hair , milky green eyes and she had curly , ash - blonde hair , milky green eyes and was tal , tal er even than me .
everything you own is ash in an explosion that was not your responsibility .
anthony cursed and his face appeared to be the color of ash .
for he was the ash after the fire of hunter burned out .
lucy had thought ash was hunter and had run to him right into the street .
hunter had loved lucy , but so had ash .
` ` are you certain you are up to it this time , ash ? ''
a squat guard who rather resembled a troll with an unfortunate tick in his eye crossed his arms and narrowed his eyes toward ash .
the elderly man made a move toward ash just as the younger man came around .
she moved to help the younger man to his feet and scowled at ash .
` ` an injury , i can not - '' ash stopped talking and shifted his feet as he cursed and looked at the ground .
she would decide if he would be more hindrance than help , and , if that were true , then she would simply travel with her guard , alone , without the beautiful man who called himself ash .
pierce placed a compress against ash 's right shoulder .
he leaned against the wall , his head tilted to the side as if examining ash and his mental state .
he was always concerned ash would somehow get so depressed that he 'd turn his pistol on himself again .
god was cruel , for ash had been saved a quick death , and , in turn , given a slow one .
sofia gasped and gripped the table behind her as ash 's hot mouth worked over the flesh of her foot .
sofia should have nipped that in the bud the very second ash and pierce had opened their mouths .
` ` he stabbed ash thrice in the back , just here and here and ...
jumping out of her skin , sofia gasped and then slapped ash across the shoulder .
he looked blandly at ash and then at sofia .
next to him , ash snorted .
` ` i can not - '' ash touched her arm .
-the grimm reaper an hour into their journey , and ash was truly wishing god would have allowed him to breathe his last breath .
but ash was n't looking at the sea .
` ` m - my stepmother ... ash you 're scaring me . ''
stunned , sofia 's mouth dropped open as she watched ash close his eyes and relax against the seat .
over cornelius 's shoulder , she caught sight of ash as he rolled his eyes .
abandoned , sofia joined ash just as the innkeeper came around the corner and handed him a key .
clearly , sofia had no control over her body whatsoever , for she was so completely dumbstruck by the beauty of ash 's smile that she gasped aloud .
disregarding her outburst , the innkeeper continued to address ash .
sofia planted herself between ash and the innkeeper and placed her hands on her hips .
and ash was n't short , by any means !
had hunter not told anyone of ash 's vow of celibacy ?
to think , at one point it had almost seemed that ash had been ... attracted to her , protective even .
the silence was chilly - as if all of the warmth had been sucked from the room the minute ash had stepped out of it , which was ridiculous .
someone like ash ?
being held by ash ?
-the grimm reaper ash lay awake , staring at the blackness above him .
men like ash did not receive the hero 's ending , nor the hero 's reward .
hunter addressed ash .
sofia 's voice was quiet , her eyes not quite meeting ash 's as she nodded her approval .
hunter elbowed ash .
there once was a cottage with three little bears- '' ash clamped his hand over his grace 's mouth .
the duke moved out of ash 's grasp .
the lady is going to think you 're a barbarian , ash . ''
` ` he is , '' sofia said at the same time ash said , ` ` i am . ''
sofia exchanged a look with ash , but he seemed too busy destroying whatever food was in front of him .
` ` i fear our ash will one day die - but not from a gun wound . ''
nodding , sofia leaned against the seat and closed her eyes , thinking of nothing but ash and his broken heart the entire time .
-the grimm reaper hours on horseback had never bothered ash .
dread pooled in ash 's belly as he slowed his horse .
that very thought plagued ash , darkening his mood for the rest of the ride to town .
the scent of london always affected ash in a negative manner .
` ` cousin , '' dominique stepped forward , damn - near shoving ash out of the way as he embraced sofia and kissed her on the cheek .
his eyes narrowed in on ash .
swallowing , ash nodded .
it should be interesting ... how mad she will be able to drive poor ash before he turns on his own sword . ''
slowly ash turned .
unsure of what to say , ash could only stare at sofia as she averted her eyes , finding great interest in the persian rug , and none whatsoever in ash .
what could be mistaken as a grimace or possibly a smile flashed across his face before he left ash alone in the room .
there stood ash , pushing furniture against the wall closest to the door , as if his life depended on it .
` ` no , i'm- '' sofia grinned while ash stomped around her and pulled open the door to her room .
but ash was different .
not that ash needed any sort of comforting , but it would have been nice for some of the warmth to return to his room - warmth sofia had stolen the minute he 'd slammed the door in her face .
his eyes grazed the misfit guard and then fell on ash .
` ` there 's a seat by ash .
` ` i 'd love a glass , '' sofia interrupted , lifting her empty glass into the air for wine then elbowing ash with her free arm .
in the silence of the night , she heard ash stomping around his room , since the man clearly did n't know how to walk softly .
she lifted the candle toward the bed to shine light upon ash .
` ` ash , '' sofia whispered .
` ` ash , '' sofia sat on the bed , careful to stay away from his grasping hands as they continued to furiously tug at the air as if it would wake him from the nightmare or possibly save his soul .
` ` ash , wake up . ''
not a sound was made - nothing but ash 's heavy breathing .
it was impossible to see his face , but the mattress had dipped , most likely from ash trying to move away .
and maybe , just maybe , in the process of finding someone to marry - they 'd kiss her at least once the way that ash just had .
-the grimm reaper ` ` ash ! ''
dominique roared , turning his sneer behind ash toward hunter and pierce .
hunter elbowed ash and smirked .
rolling his eyes , pierce headed out the door , but hunter stayed behind and gripped ash by the arm , whispering in his ear with harshness .
with that , hunter quit the room , leaving ash even more confused and strung tight than before .
` ` yes ... '' sofia called , narrowing her gaze on ash .
` ` we 'll see , '' she whispered under her breath , soliciting another string of curses from ash .
-the grimm reaper ash tapped his foot against the marble floor , watching as bodies collided in what could only be described as the crush of the century .
sofia glanced at ash and winked .
` ` three weeks , ash . ''
` ` especially ones named ash .
` ` so no means yes , and ash is afraid ? ''
` ` ash has but one fear . ''
i simply- '' she liked ash , more than she should .
if only the beast knew what lay in wait for ash that evening - for sofia as well - he sure as hell would n't rush him or insist he follow the innocent princess to her bedroom .
pierce sauntered by ash and addressed the guard .
where was ash ?
the handwriting was too pretty to be that of a man 's , but the only person who would know of that conversation was ash .
she fanned herself and fought a chuckle at ash 's amused expression ; it seemed with each moment they spent , a part of him cracked , leaving more and more of his true self in place .
the same office where she 'd tried to seduce ash .
a life where she could choose , where it would be ash offering for her hand .
she would enjoy her three weeks with ash .
the mere thought of sofia 's husband doing such a thing had ash craving the man 's blood , willing to punch any male who dared approach with her name across his lips .
the minute ash took a sip , hunter asked , ` ` so how many times have you kissed her then ? ''
the tea spewed out of ash 's mouth and onto the gossip sheets littered on the table .
hunter set his tea down and pointed at ash .
ash wanted to laugh it off , like he usually had when hunter brought up painful memories of the past - memories of ash telling hunter that one day he was going to marry the most beautiful girl in london and that they would love one another just like mother and father and live in a real castle .
sofia crossed her arms and leveled ash with a stare .
sofia 's cheeks tinged red as she glanced away from ash .
sofia put her hands on her hips , scolding ash .
as if on cue , the carriage pulled to a stop , the door opened , and ash waited .
he had to keep reminding himself that the weeks would eventually come to a close , and , at the end , she would exchange the prize of ash for something greater , something that would last .
the woman 's eyes gleamed in ash 's direction .
quickly , she weaved through the crowd to find ash .
-the grimm reaper ash danced two dances with sofia then escorted her from the floor ; too many bodies crowded the space , making it impossibly difficult to breathe .
benedict slapped ash on the shoulder .
the bastard kept his eyes trained on ash , most likely making sure that ash followed through with his promise .
sofia gushed , releasing ash 's hand and doing a twirl in the middle of the cave .
sofia did n't argue or ask why , she held out her arms and twirled in front of him , and then , in a move so seductive ash nearly collapsed to the ground , she crooked her finger in his direction .
` ` show me passion , ash ... show me . ''
` ` my fallen ash ... '' how true her words were ... for he had fallen so far he was n't quite sure he 'd ever see the light of day again - nor did he care .
without a second thought , she charged into ash 's room with a candle .
` ` sleep , my ash . ''
` ` your ash , '' he repeated .
` ` it 's ash . ''
if he believed her to be with ash , they 'd be forced to marry , and then she 'd lose her country - not that she had n't entertained the thought , but she was n't sure yet , was n't sure ash loved her as much as she loved him .
if he believed her to be with ash , they 'd be forced to marry , and then she 'd lose her country - not that she had n't entertained the thought , but she was n't sure yet , was n't sure ash loved her as much as she loved him .
and she wanted ash .
every time she 'd heard the whispers and had seen people pointing , she 'd turn and see none other than ash standing by her side , blocking the way !
she needed to ready herself for the ball , and the last thing she wanted to do was to ready herself for another dance that she knew would end with her searching for ash , needing to be in his arms .
sofia touched ash 's leg , just slightly , enough to let him know she 'd look for him later .
pierce 's voice sounded from behind ash .
he reached for the card and winked at ash .
hunter handed ash a glass of wine and sighed .
the men commanded the room , the power and money between the two damn - near choking the life out of ash , making him feel that much more unworthy to be at sofia 's side .
hunter grinned at ash .
sofia begged for a man to step out of the crowd and claim his name as lord grimm , but the minute she met ash 's guilty face , she knew .
` ` ... we are all given a choice , ash ... and you were mine . ''
the last thought she had was of ash .
the rest of the royal guard tumbled toward ash , pushing people out of the way .
pierce sauntered up to him , his smile giddy until he noticed ash 's expression .
pierce focused in on ash .
cornelius stumbled down the hall ahead of ash and ran right into the lady in the red dress .
the gun clattered out of ash 's hand as a heavy body collided with his , sending his head sailing back against the wood floor .
and like his namesake , he was returning to the ash he 'd been created from , but at least in his return , in his fall back down to earth , he would look upon her face , the woman he loved , and know he 'd done absolutely everything he could have to save her .
` ` you 're going to be all right , ash , '' she sobbed .
-the grimm reaper sofia paced back and forth while the surgeon worked on ash .
it helped that she was the one who had been keeping ash 's lifeblood from leaving his body .
when the doctor said to remove her hand from his wound , she 'd been so terrified he would die that it had taken hunter physically removing her from the bedside in order for her to back away from ash - from the love of her life .
nothing was punctured , though the gunshot wound to his back ... '' his words died off as he continued to work on ash .
sofia released ash 's hand and walked over to the doctor .
sofia almost lost her countenance , as he kept tugging and finally freed the piece of material from ash , dropping it onto the bedside .
-the grimm reaper ash was falling , catapulting toward the fires of hell .
` ` ash , are you awake ? ''
a part of you died that day , ash , right along with her , as i ' m sure a part of hunter did as well .
he paced by ash 's bed side , stuffing his hands in his pockets , while sofia brought the blankets closer to her chest .
ash and sofia shared a look ; she bit her lip to keep from laughing while ash nodded emphatically .
grinning , hunter tipped his hat at ash and pushed pierce ahead of him .
sofia sighed , leaning her head against ash 's chest .
she stifled a giggle as ash made his way into her room , limping .
cornelius shouted again , causing ash to wince .
pierce pointed at ash .
hunter slapped ash on the back .
and sofia and ash discovered that sometimes true love means letting go of what one has held onto for so long - and letting love consume all .
` ` you said if i was a wolf , then you and ash would be the wolf 's companions .
i thought you were ash and when i directed the carriage toward you , she crossed the street .
why had n't ash said anything ?
hunter exhaled , made a motion with his hands to his brother that gwen did not quite understand , and then ducked as ash punched hollins in the face .
he swatted ash 's hand and pointed up .
lainhart shook his head and pointed down , then grabbed a piece of chalk and pointed at ash .
or that angry at ash ?
not only had ash changed from the easygoing brother hunter had always loved , but he was unpredictable .
` ` ash has it in his mind that he needs to do a penance for disappearing for so long , even though he saved our lives .
hunter had even heard of the famous grimm , for they said every time a mark of ash was found anywhere near a person , they would die three days later , and the grimm reaper , or grimm , would be responsible .
dominique trusted hunter , therefore dominique trusted ash , but now hunter was n't so sure ash deserved that trust .
dominique trusted hunter , therefore dominique trusted ash , but now hunter was n't so sure ash deserved that trust .
phoenix turned away from me , his face like ash .
bone had a slight oiliness to it that set it apart from sand or ash , a reminder that it had once been alive .
her house was n't even damaged ; the only evidence of the spell of conflagration was a thin layer of ash lying over every surface .
i 'd have to grind something into the paint with my thumb , some sort of grit or ash , because the grime here goes deeper than surfaces .
` ` you have to tell me , '' i begged , my throat filled with ash .
noah fed the ash of his cigarette to the expanse of highway behind us .
something silver in the ash .
but they were gone now , and all i had left of them and my life with them was ash and dust and the doll sister had made me , and the words uncle had given me , taught me , so that i could speak with my benefactor in england someday .
a second later , the lunchroom crumbled away , flaking off in chunks of ash and broken stone .
what dad had done , what he 'd planned to do to carson and me , was a bitter ash forming on my tongue .
his face is turning colors , a very nice shade of burgundy and ash .
~~~ it 's not usually my style , picking a woman up from a noisy bar like this one that smells of ash trays and cheap whiskey .
i found its remains in a heap of ash in my backyard .
` ` men do n't turn into ash .
the memory of watching the body turn to ash was something that was going to haunt him for a long time .
jacques had turned a peculiar shade of ash , his suave french facade shattered by a surge of genuine fear .
which was the only reason he was n't already a pile of ash .
` ` if you had n't stopped undead walking there , i would be showered over you in a very unflattering shade of ash . ''
across the floor the dead and dying demons were beginning to decay to a layer of gray ash .
` ` light , i said light , '' levet muttered as they struggled to their feet and brushed off the ash that had filled the air .
amazingly , however , there were no explosions , no sudden ash in the air .
her already pale skin turned a sickly shade of ash .
she tightened her fingers until she threatened to crush ash 's bones .
` ` they have proven so terribly useful , do you not think , ash ? ''
` ` you would miss me if i were reduced to a tiny pile of ash . ''
expecting the transformation back to human form , salvatore hissed in shock as the head and body began to darken and then disintegrate , as if it were turning to ash before his eyes .
after all , he 'd been nothing more than a pile of ash after salvatore had been done with him the first time .
her lips twisted as she glanced toward marika 's corpse that had turned to ash .
instead , a slender ash bow appeared in his hand , complete with a wooden arrow that she would bet her last nickel would be magically replaced the moment it was shot .
after four centuries of being the bitch 's whipping boy , he was happy as hell to see her turned into a pile of ash .
there was a shimmer in the air and suddenly an ash bow complete with a wooden arrow was in his hand .
obviously the effort of creating a portal to take three demons from england to america , not to mention bending time to make sure they arrived precisely at nightfall to keep jaelyn from being turned into ash , had taken its toll .
there was a stir of air before a smooth ash bow abruptly appeared .
after all , if she had n't been a hunter with the ability to shroud herself in shadows so thick she could bear the sunlight for short periods of time she would even now be a tiny pile of ash in the nearby caves .
the fog suddenly boiled with a searing heat , threatening to toast gaius into a tiny pile of ash .
as the phoenix - the mortal chalice who held the goddess of light - she had the ability to scorch demons into tiny piles of ash .
or a pile of ash .
rising to his feet as gaius turned to ash , santiago slipped the medallion into his pocket , determined to honor his sire 's last request .
` ` do n't tell me you 're concerned i might be sizzled into a pile of ash ? ''
his bronzed face had been stripped of color until it was a horrifying shade of ash , while the blood now dripped from his eyes as well as his nose .
if roke had n't stayed back , he would be a tiny pile of ash .
his lips tightened as he placed his cigar on a nearby ash tray .
that 's all i have to ask now , ash .
i 'll get a drink blood when ash and kyle get here and i 'll be as strong as i was before . ''
` ` welcome to the catacombs , ash . ''
i wanted to explain to ashley that i saw ingrid get cured , that the cure was possible , that it was my idea , but then i could n't silence my own suspicions about aiden 's presence at the shade either , so all i could say to ashley was , ` ` i do n't fully trust him either , ash . ''
her hands were tight on the steering wheel as she stared up at the black smoke spiraling into the air , forming clouds of ash in the previously blue sky .
jim tapped his cig and watched the ash float off in the water .
` ` where the f**k are you ... '' he tapped his ash into an ashtray .
` ` amen to that , '' jim said , leaning back and tapping his ash into the sink .
he was about to turn away when the structure collapsed , the head falling inward into the triangulation of the body , the wind whipping up and claiming the ash , sweeping it away once more .
from out of the center of the storm , a large object was birthed from the sky , falling free from up above and landing with a great mushroom cloud of that ash .
the parlor 's windows had all been blown out , however ... and there was , right in the center of the room , a boulder - like mass that was covered with some kind of volcanic ash .
it was an orb of light that was covered in ash .
and yet , even though her presence was n't a good thing , it was amusing to see her look so disheveled , her brunette hair a ratty mess , her leather pantsuit smudged with ash , streaks of oozing black on her face and shoulders from where she 'd been cut .
colin did not spare him another look as he disappeared , leaving nothing in his wake but a pair of footprints in the fallen ash upon the floor .
you lose yours over in ash land ? ''
he tapped his ash again .
elan tapped his cigarette , the small stack of ash falling into the belly of the ashtray .
and as a doggen immediately showed up at his elbow with an ashtray on a brass stand , he nodded thanks and focused on tapping the ash .
` ` take your time , ash . ''
sorry , ash . ''
` ` oh , ash , you have mayo all over your chin . ''
i 'll be waiting right here for you , ash .
` ` i ' m sorry , ash . ''
` ` are you finding anything , ash ? ''
the world narrowed until there were only jostling bodies and terrified voices and the smell of fear mixed with ash .
` ` i have n't seen you forever , ash .
the scent of sulfur and ash filled her lungs and stung her eyes until everything around her wore a hazy halo .
it had been years since i had seen nat in her natural shade of chocolate brown , and honestly , i was n't sure how ash would take it .
without warning , he pulls her up from her kneeling position by her underarms and turns her to face ash .
that 's , like , the most words i ' ve ever heard ash use in one sentence .
i suppose there are not a lot of people who can act this way with ash .
we have a bond , formed even before nat and ash were a thing .
max does n't even look at ash ; he just keeps grinning at me .
but we all knew it was just a way for nik , max , and ash to keep a close eye on her and who she is hanging out with , without outright asking .
he nods his head even more discreetly , eyes firm on ash .
after a moment , ash sinks into the booth , a look of annoyance plastered on his face .
all except ash .
i squeak and turn around to see ash staring into the car window .
james 's eyes fixate on ash .
` ` it was n't like that , ash .
get out of here , ash !
after we eat our weight in bbq ribs , tina takes the little ones for a bath while ash and i glare holes into each other 's heads .
` ` nawww , ash . ''
as she releases me , she asks ash , ` ` do n't you just love her ? ''
when he spots ash , he stops in the middle of the hall .
the only people who call me ash are my mom , my wife , and her sisters .
* * * helena the second ash leaves , i make my way over to james 's office and knock gently .
` ` you do n't treat me like you treat nik , ash , or trick .
she 's grown up with max , nik , ash , and trick .
she and ash would n't need to wake up so early if it were n't for me .
nat had called me in emotional hysterics the day she and ash had accidentally slept in , not being able to take me to work .
but then i realized that not only during my time here had she been wonderful , supportive , and loving , but that she and ash had undergone serious changes in their lives without complaint .
to my utter shock , it was ash who had talked nat into letting this happen .
` ` he 's downstairs , in the security room with ash , '' is whispered into my ear .
digging into his pocket , a sulking ash pulls out a note and slaps it into nik 's hand .
but ash is n't having any of it .
a look of confusion crossed ash 's face .
i face ash .
she kisses ash on the mouth , and kisses my cheek then nik 's as she leaves .
i hear ash grumble , ` ` when 'd you see her undies ? ''
as nat pushes me off her , i look up in time to see ash pounce on max , catching him in a headlock .
it seems max , ash , nik , and trick eat almost all day long .
as nat continues to hurl weirdly supportive abuse at nina through the power of telecommunication , ash chuckles at me .
i look over at ash and mutter , ` ` you think she really did n't know ? ''
` ` got ash to make sure she got home okay . ''
max asked trick to be his best man , with nik and ash as his groomsmen .
the pavement held puddles of blood and ash , fallen in all stages of death .
the fallen dissolved until it was nothing but a pile of ash on the carpet .
but he 's nice , so i guess as long as he does n't try to turn me into a pile of ash , i could get used to it . ''
angering a goddess was n't the smartest thing to do if i wanted to stay alive for much longer , but i trusted henry to make sure she did n't turn me into a pile of ash .
sand f lew everywhere as ava fell to her knees , and james hovered over me , his hands an inch above my back , as if he thought one touch would make me disintegrate into ash .
he smelled of ash and blood .
as it was , some ash fell into her lap and she had to brush it away before it could burn a hole in her uniform .
she tapped the ash from her cigarette onto the floor .
you 'll taste like ash before he drops you in a grave . ''
if you do not , they 'll fester until hades and i both shrivel into ash . ''
the earl leaned forward against the table , and if he could ' ve set me on fire through hatred alone , i was pretty damn sure i would ' ve been ash by now .
or ash , mayhap .
the first green shoot in a forest devastated by fire , the pile of dead ash that holds a single red ember , the small creatures that are born in the midden heap .
for days it burned , killing every tree , every bush , every shrub and blade of grass , until nothing but ash and dust remained .
when at last nothing is left of the fire but smoldering ash and embers , we return to the camp .
it is all i can do to resist grinding the wretched thing under my heel until it is naught but sawdust and ash .
i accidentally brushed my glove over the fire 's ash , singeing the fabric .
so even though it tasted like dust and ash all along my tongue , i refused to see her , and after about the fifth time , she stopped coming .
there are others milling around in a small , bricked - in space with tall ash trays around .
i graze my thumb over the end of the cigarette and ash flutters to the floor .
he grazes his thumb across the cigarette , sprinkling ash on the ground before putting it back between his lips .
she grazes her thumb across the bottom of the cigarette , scattering ash across the floor .
i watch it burn into black ash that flutters to the floor , feeling my memories fade with it , and soon i hope they 'll be gone .
i get to my feet , grazing my thumb across the bottom of the cigarette and scattering ash all over the floor .
i flick some ash off my black t - shirt .
he grazes his thumb along the bottom of his cigarette , knocking the ash off .
` ` it seems like such a long time ago , '' he remarks as he flicks the ash from the cigarette .
` ` if you go there , man , you 'll sound just like nova , '' i warn as i graze my thumb along the bottom of the cigarette , sprinkling ash everywhere .
he grazes his thumb along the end of the cigarette and little pieces of ash dance through the air .
the sky is so dark it 's nearly black and ash falls from the sky like snow .
' luke price , ' i read his name aloud as i fall to the ground , ash falling down on me .
they 're from the ash mountain pack , devon told me silently , and i let his senses flood my mind .
the ash mountain alpha and his second - in - command were foreign .
the ash mountain alpha - and the others , spread out behind him - were too caught up assessing my best friend 's size , the way he 'd filled out , the power that told them that someday - not too far in the future - he 'd be a physical match for anyone here .
i realized , belatedly , that callum was talking about human neighbors , and that the words were meant as a friendly warning about a future the ash mountain pack would most likely wish to avoid .
that was from the ash mountain alpha - william .
the ash mountain alpha was the first to catch on .
like he was playing when he let them cut and tear and burn lucas into ribbons and ash , for no reason other than needing a victim to bait me into a confrontation ? ''
once i 'd driven west for a good hour , i pulled the truck over and grabbed a coin out of the ash tray .
i kicked a couple pieces of charred wood back toward the pile of ash .
you ' ve seen ash , so you know she 's beautiful .
why do you care , ash ? ''
` ` shut your f**kin ' mouth , ash .
that ai n't my mother , ash .
` ` where 's ash ?
` ` ash could never be sky .
besides , i ' m pretty sure she knows i slept with ash .
when i finally settled down with ash , i was content .
i felt terrible for leaving her there , but worse because i 'd slept with ash .
` ` not the time , ash . ''
` ` ash is someone you do n't want to piss off .
i sat back down and looked around the diner , not able to spot ash standing up anywhere .
sky 's skirt was jacked up higher than it should have been while ash 's shirt was ripped at the neck .
knowing that my aunt would n't be able to handle ash , i went over and grabbed her , pulling her off of sky .
my aunt crouched down and offered a hand to her , while i held a very angry ash against the wall .
aunt viv was pointing at ash and she was n't happy about it .
i did n't want to argue with sky , especially about ash , but she needed to know what she was capable of .
` ` do n't come back , ash !
with ash , it was easy ; i 'd known her parents since we were in grade school .
i wanted to be pissed at my father , but the truth was that ash 's father would have found something else to blackmail me with .
` ` he says if i do n't stand by ash then my family can kiss our property goodbye . ''
i do n't want anythin ' from ash .
in sky 's eyes , it was wrong for me to have slept with ash in the first place .
there was no way in hell i was ever going to be able to be with ash and come to appreciate her enough to be happy .
i could n't sit around playing house with ash and knowing that sky was sitting at home thinking about me .
this arrangement with ash is about to end .
i appreciated that sky was determined to be by my side , but knew that ash was n't going to sit around and not cause problems .
the thing between shayne and ash was going to have to wait until i could get him calmed down .
as much as i wanted to believe that the peeing on the bed was the last of her antics , i knew ash was n't going to give up .
` ` i ran into ash on the boardwalk .
that night , did i even sleep with ash ? ''
` ` i ' m serious , ash .
you ' ve known me for years , ash .
look ash , i ' m not goin ' to lie and tell you that i ' m goin ' to be great at this , but i will make sure the child wants for nothin ' . ''
they started to walk away , but i grabbed ash by the arm .
i climbed in the car and saw ash staring at me .
` ` it 's temporary , ash .
all of the furniture from my old place was in storage and ash only brought her bedroom set .
` ` it 's goin ' to be fine , ash . ''
` ` you 're not fine , ash .
` ` please do n't give me advice , ash .
as much as i wanted to hate ash , i knew she was the only woman i could be close to without wanting something more .
` ` it 's goin ' to be fine , ash .
` ` do n't get all honest on me , ash .
i called ash once i knew i was good enough to talk again .
` ` ash , there are men out there that would love to be with you .
when i walked in the door , i found ash asleep with the phone still next to her ear .
it was n't like i could play house with ash for the rest of our lives .
chapter 25 shayne i decided to take ash to the beach , where there were many outlets to shop .
` ` you 're fine , ash .
` ` i ' m where i need to be , right now , ash . ''
` ` ash is a friend .
` ` you 're goin ' to do great , ash . ''
since i did n't want ash to notice how much it was bothering me , i kept to myself until my brother arrived .
then i started thinking about ash and the twins .
i saw ash every day and it was n't like we did n't speak to each other .
i broke my plans to hang out with megan and decided to invite ash to come and spend the weekend at the apartment with me .
` ` yes or no , ash .
i want a chance , ash .
` ` it 's weird seeing you all gettin ' along with ash . ''
` ` ash , this does n't concern you .
i made the wrong choice , ash , and now she 's gone . ''
did ash tell you ? ''
` ` ash is goin ' to pick up cameron on your way back , and bring her to our house .
i looked toward ash , who was looking back at the kids .
` ` this is not the conversation that i wanted to have with you , ash .
i turned and gave eli attention , so that ash did n't have to pull over .
an enormous open quad and a series of curving walkways connected the five buildings to each other before the ash gray cobblestones snaked down a hill and farther out to the student dorms and the other structures that made up the rest of the lush academy grounds .
i slid from one tree to the next until i was out of sight of aiko and the dorm before i stepped onto one of the ash - gray cobblestone paths that wound across campus .
the bloodsuckers glanced at us in unison , their eyes like two smoldering coals buried beneath the ash of a dying fire .
it melted , turning into ash , and adam shrugged it off .
the flame vanished , and he blew ash from his fingers .
a stray paper receipt carried by the wind fluttered by and burst into white - hot flame before raining down in a powdery ash .
she saw him with preternatural clarity , from the ash - blond hair falling to his shoulders to the pale green eyes , brimming with mournful melancholy like the eyes of a russian icon .
i was wearing the dress the night we first met , bob , although you probably do n't remember that because by then , i 'd died a couple of times ; the dress was only so much ash ; and there was kind of a lot going on .
` ` but i missed you so damn much , ash . ''
it 's been fun , ash . ''
` ` i ' ve been happy since i left , ash .
` ` i do n't want you to be that girl , ash . ''
the black - and - gray ash rained on her face .
charlotte looked at tulip 's face , at the wet streaks of tears stained with ash .
` ` let me show you ... '' eleven charlotte swept the cabin floor , chasing the dust and tiny particles of ash into a neat pile .
she had felt so helpless standing there , on that lawn , watching eleonore 's remains smolder as the ash rained on tulip 's hair .
when niall said the sword needed to rest , he shoved it into a barrel of ash , wiped the sweat from his face , and led her from the forge .
the smell of stale smoke clung to the rooms , though the charwoman had cleared out the bowls of ash and spent butts hours ago .
three bags filled with ash sat inside .
cerise pulled the bag apart and began pouring ash in an even line , drawing a circle around lagar 's body .
cerise emptied the last of the ash , took a small embroidered satchel from the bin , and stepped into the circle , aware of her two cousins joining her .
the tentacles flailed behind her , reached the ash , and shrunk , shriveling .
she 'd aged , and when their stares crossed , cerise thought her brown eyes looked gray , as if dusted with ash .
sean had followed the sword down as kenny had gone to dust , landing flat beside the ash that had been his brother .
his eyes had turned distant and mournful , as if dusted with ash .
` ` leaving no fire , smoke , or ash , '' diego said .
the man who sat in front of me now seemed old and tired , and when he gazed at me , his eyes were devoid of life , as if they had been covered with ash .
a pair of massive ash trees hugged it on both sides , their branches and roots braiding together , sliding over the walls and sometimes through them , as if the library itself was some odd mushroom growing from their twin trunks .
the flies rained down in a cloud of ash .
the prisoner waved his arm , and the serpent sparked and melted into ash .
his beautiful skin looked dull , as if rubbed with ash .
but he was already shredding it into small pieces , tucking them between the twigs set up like teepees in the charred circle of ash : first durham , then wilmington , then hendersonville , the little scraps of the towns straining in the wind as if reluctant to be sacrificed .
when he stood up again , pushing his glasses up on his nose , there was a streak of ash just below his left eye .
a fine layer of ash darkened his clothes , skin , and hair , which was cause for comment since it was impossible for him to catch fire .
i closed the distance between us and started brushing the ash off his clothes .
his face was mere inches away , stubble darker from ash and lips thinned into a hard line .
he normally leaves behind nothing more than a pile of ash . ''
i 'd held my cigarette so long without inhaling that the fire had died out , and the wind had blown the ash away .
` ` it 's just that ash scattering over the atlantic is painted on the side of the hall aviation building . ''
martin flicked ash , too high to be particularly concerned .
quentin glanced over at martin , who had sat down at the patio table , cigarette butts and ash around his chair .
well , it could n't have been too hot a kiss , because she had the presence of mind to flick ash from her cigarette onto the driveway while it was going on .
he tapped ash onto the asphalt and took another drag .
in times past , people had believed stakes had to be made from ash or hawthorn or black thorn in order to be effective when , in truth , one kind of wood served as well as another .
the air filled with the acrid odor of smoke and ash .
but for her , he would be naught but ancient ash by now , his remains scattered by an uncaring wind .
she nodded , thinking it was too bad that werewolves did n't just vanish in a puff of smoke and ash , the way old vampires did .
if he drew back the heavy drapes and leaned out the window , how long would it take for the setting sun to turn his body to a pile of smoldering ash ?
he pulled out the long sharpened piece of ash , and then a lot happened .
pam was sitting on a barstool , wearing an ash green tracksuit , which she managed to make prim - but - sexy .
holding her hand carefully to one side so she would n't get ash on me , she leaned forward , closer than my comfort zone permitted , and flicked something off my shoulder .
by the time i clawed my way out of the dirt , alain was blackened ash in the wind .
i took a couple of steps back to avoid the flurry of flakes of ash .
` ` i had to do a little replacing here and there , and it 's the first time i ever had to scrape vampire ash off an undercarriage , but you 're good to go . ''
we were both covered in dirt and blood , ash and dust .
felipe de castro would have been a pile of ash if not for me ; for that matter , so would eric .
jessica 's gaze remained fixed on the body that was slowly turning to ash .
` ` sheesh , ash , loosen up a bit .
i 'd never seen her before , but evidently she 'd heard of ash .
let me change back , ash .
` ` i ' m planning to haul this out to one of the stone courtyards , put a shield around it to keep it contained , blast it with witchfire , and transform several wagonloads of useless paper into a barrel of ash . ''
we have n't figured out how to cleanse the frame or vial after it 's been used , so the whole thing should be put in a shield and burned with witchfire , then buried so the ash does n't drift on the wind . ''
jaenelle pressed her lips together and studied the pile of ash that , moments before , had been a sofa .
hot ash spilled out on the ice - covered carpet .
within seconds , there was nothing in first tribune 's chair but a pile of ash and a black silk robe .
at your first psychic touch , her mind will burn to hot ash , but primitive emotions will remain ... long enough ... and fear is a delicious dinner . ''
daemon brushed the ash from his coat .
` ` the cars used to move between downtown buildings to deliver coal and dump ash and stuff .
they carried stuff into the buildings , and carried out ash from the boilers .
i probably was n't going to get zombie putrescence on it , but magical ash and reaper putrescence ?
the thing is , while we protect the house - ` ` ` ` because a safe house is a safe master , '' the four guards parroted together , their words ash - dry , and i guessed luc broke out the proverb frequently .
i closed my eyes , put my hands on my hips , and tried counting to ten so as not to commit vampiricide here on the nice sidewalk the city of chicago worked so hard to keep free of ash .
ethan replaced by - transformed to - nothing more than a pile of ash on the floor .
just as ethan had fallen , there was nothing left of her but a pile of ash on the carpet .
two tidy cones of ash lay on the carpet .
i looked down at the ash again .
the myth about vampires and sunlight was true - if i was stil on this roof when the sun rose , i 'd burn up into a pile of ash .
having thrown the coin in the air , ethan was beginning to fade , the tips of his fingers dissolving into ash that fel onto the psychotical y patterned carpet below us .
` ` there is nothing left of him but ash .
without explanation , every atom in my body was intent on moving to meet whatever was emerging from the fog of fal ing ash .
the smoke and ash thickened the nearer i moved to the house , and it became nearly impossible to breathe .
six volumes , their covers singed and dusted with ash .
a minute more , and i 'd have been a pile of ash .
besides , you would have been proud of me out there last night , notwithstanding the fact that i nearly became ash .
there must have been aspen in the mix of wood ; michael screamed , and then he was gone , only a cone of ash in his place .
catcher stepped out a final bit of smoldering ash and glanced back at me .
water and glass and ash everywhere .
luc emerged from the staircase , already wearing clean clothes , his face scrubbed of ash and soot .
i scrubbed blood and dirt and ash from my pale skin , then emerged from the shower and towel - dried my hair .
i covered my face with a crooked arm , but sparks flew like horizontal rain , peppering me with stinging ash .
i dropped to the ground , where the air was still breathable and fresher , and crawled across the remains of the floor , ignoring the burning ash and glass beneath my hands .
i searched frantically through smoke and ash , trying to fulfill my promise , but it was nearly pitch - black in the basement , and i could n't find him .
i found my sword and cleaned away the smoke and ash , giving the emts room to work while they stabilized my grandfather , but i moved closer when they loaded the gurney into the back of the ambulance .
i remembered the night celina had thrown an aspen stake at me and he 'd stepped forward to intercept it , turning to ash before my eyes .
i 'd seen ethan walk through smoke and ash before , emerge through a cloud of magic and fire .
her clothes were singed , her face sooty , her hair coated with ash .
now , '' i said , flicking a bit of ash from the sleeve of her jacket , then smiling at her again .
before i could register any blistering pain , the explosion completely melted my body and turned it into ash .
the life i built for myself , the life i wanted so badly , was now reduced to a pile of blackened ash .
i walked to my car , which was covered in soot and ash , and climbed inside .
i watched as what little souls the demons had left were sucked up into his mouth , their bodies turning to ash .
but then an expanse of rough granite ground with a fine layer of the gray ash appeared .
it did n't move , but some blackened ash fell off in a big chunk .
dust and ash rose around the car like a cloud .
i reached up to touch his cheek , my finger leaving a smudge of ash against his perfectly golden skin .
everything began to shimmer and the ash falling from the sky stopped .
dust and ash swirled off the ground around us and made me cough .
most of its body was covered in hair , hair that was the color of the gray ash that covered the ground .
dust and ash from the ground whipped up into the air and wrapped around us all like a heavy fog .
logan began coughing from all the ash and his thin shoulders shuddered as he tried to stop .
sam wrapped an arm around his brother as i strained my eyes , trying to see through the ash , but it was too thick and we were forced to wait until it settled .
the ash was settling and i knew in just mere seconds he would be revealed to us .
then the ash was gone and we could all fully see him .
a single tear fell from his eye , making a track through the ash and dirt on his face .
dust and ash whipped around us , my shirt and hair were yanked forward trying to follow the devourer 's call .
it would explain the soot on my clothes and the ash in the air .
the demon then turned to ash and settled into the blackened earth .
it dissolved into ash before us .
sam asked , tightening his hold on his brother and looking to the pile of ash that used to be the demon that used logan 's body as a facade for its sinister identity .
baby helena , born to alison wells and warrior kerrick just three months ago , was being presented to the creator in a simple baptism of oil and ash .
the mark of the oil at the base of the throat , a place reflective of life and growth , would hold the ash , which in turned symbolized the spiritual death and rebirth of the soul into the service of second earth .
now , alison , please touch the ash , just a little will do , and rub it three times in a circle over the oil . ''
` ` lately , i have been thinking of baby helena 's christening and the ritual of the oil and the ash .
kelsey brushed cigarette ash off his pant leg .
he was reaching for a piece of cheese , ash from his cigarette drifting down onto the coffee table , which he ignored .
dust and cigarette ash probably were n't good seasonings .
` ` stella found a pile of ash and we all thought this bugger was dead .
wyatt knew his buddy johnny was a two - pack - a - day vampire , but he did n't think even he could create a pile of ash that high .
wyatt pulled the piece of paper out of the ash carefully and shook it off .
stella snatched the paper away from him , kicking some of the ash as she moved toward him , a little gray cloud rising up to her ankles .
it fell out of her hands , fluttering down to the ash pile .
she kept glancing back to the pile of ash , almost as morbid as an actual body lying there would have been .
pulling it back , she stared in horror at the layer of ash now coating her skin .
he 'd been there for her since they had found johnny on the floor in an ash pile .
` ` cigarette ash .
cigarette ash .
the blue paint was still visible below a layer of ash .
it was my jeep , fire ash cleaned off .
she brushed some ash off the object and unfolded it and frowned .
samuel ' bing ' edwards has the power to turn my heart into a ball of ash , a shattered ball of nothing .
concrete spewed into the air like volcanic ash .
she flicked the extra ash into an ashtray in her lap next to her service pistol .
the shirt declared board - like letters woodworkers kick ash .
griffin squinted against stinging ash .
the dead had brought metal barrels into the tunnel and the ash remains of cooking fires filled the bottom of them and lent a smoky aroma to the air .
the one who 'd had flames shoot from his mouth moments before becoming a crumbling pile of ash .
it took me a moment to realize that it was n't in fact snow , but fine , flowing ash .
i do n't know how long we ran for , pounding over unseen ground , trying to escape the ash and deadly flames .
the ash was n't as thick here , but it would be soon .
the falling ash had become thicker again and dawn was only hours away .
heat burst around her as sam 's body shimmered , nearly transparent , looking like ash more than human , and then he was there , real and solid , his hand settling around her arm to push her toward cover .
valenteen disappeared into ash and cinder , then was gone completely .
a dense ash cloud erupted , shooting straight into the sky like a voluminous black tower , expanding and churning as it rose .
she realized the drops were n't water at all , but a heavy , powdery ash covering their bodies , blanketing the mountain , the trees , every bit of foliage surrounding them , and making it impossible to look up .
riley sat back on her knees and wiped at the ash falling on her face with a weary hand , trying to find the strength to call on mother earth once more .
` ` you managed to build us shelter from the ash and debris , '' jubal pointed out .
he pushed his hair back , his hand coming away filled with ash .
gary rubbed his jaw , stared for a moment at his blackened hand , rubbed the ash onto his jeans and then shrugged when his hands remained dirty .
gary wiped at the ash on his jeans , not looking at her .
huge , violent plumes of gas , ash and molten rock spewed forth , ripping through the mountaintop and into the sky above .
the fiery red dragon tumbled end over end through the sky , disoriented , nearly blind , inside the cloud of fiery ash and gas spreading over the forest .
glowing eyes pierced the veil of the dark cloud and ash to spot the struggling black dragon .
banking left and using the ash cloud for cover , the old one rode the volcano 's superheated updrafts to rise above mitro .
when he was positioned above the black dragon , the old one tucked his wings tight and dove , rocketing downward , plummeting through smoke and ash at deadly speed .
his eyes narrowed to obsidian slits , focused on the ash cloud billowing from the erupting volcano .
through the old one 's eyes , dax watched mitro dive into the superheated ash cloud .
the circling winds gathered the particles of hot ash in an ever - tightening vortex around the wounded vampire .
he could see the changes in the density of air , the solid form at the heart of the whirling black ash cloud .
but instead of finding a vulnerable , wounded opponent on the other side of the ash wall , they slammed full force into the hard point of the black dragon 's tail - a point mitro had transformed from simple flesh , scale and bone into a razor - sharp trident of silver spikes , each two feet long and glinting with evil , serrated at the tips .
all around them , ash and burning chunks of pumice continued to rain down from the erupting volcano .
fires glowed all up and down the mountain , orange and red valiantly struggling through the darkened ash swirling in the air .
` ` and once the ash settles enough , we ' ve got friends we can call in to pull us out with a helicopter , but we should try to find miguel and the others just in case . ''
it was impossible to tell how close to dawn it was with the ash so dense in the sky , obscuring any evidence of light , but her watch told her they had a few more hours before the sun began to climb .
` ` gary , if this ash hangs over the rain forest and keeps it dark , will the ... a ... '' saying the word vampire out loud just sounded ludicrous .
they could n't tear their eyes away as trees , dirt and ash were tossed into the air .
the madness came to an end , but what rose over the treetops below was a sight to dazzle the mind , dust and ash still in the air ; the red dragon rose from the rubble , his head and back and folded wings coming fully clear of the smaller trees .
burning clouds of ash and superheated gas roared down the mountainside at phenomenal speed .
there was so much dust and ash from his landing that he doubted any of the people could see anything .
it cut through the ash and clouds , lighting the area in a fiery glow .
the lush , womanly curves , the soft , fathomless dark eyes , the long , iridescent black hair and skin as pale as milk beneath the layer of volcanic ash that covered her from head to toe .
he reached for her , his bloody hand brushing a streak of red across the ash coating her cheek .
little red and gold specks of glowing ash were falling in a dazzling display around them , adding to the dreamlike feel of the moment .
even smudged with dirt and ash , she was the most beautiful sight he 'd ever beheld , and she seemed so fragile in his arms .
with a thought , dax cleansed the ash and dirt from her body , leaving her and her clothing clean .
even with the powdery ash settling on the trees and brush at the base of the mountain , and choking the air , he could still discern color , a gift from his lifemate .
in a way he was grateful for the ash .
as it was , with the ash in the air , dax was forced to send a wind in front of him to clear the skies enough to see anything unusual .
he was grateful for the ash , obscuring the gathering light .
before she got her hopes up too far , however , the tent zipper came undone , and the panel fell back to reveal an outside world covered in a thick blanket of gray volcanic ash with more still falling from the sky .
it was warm and tasted of ash and chemicals , but it quenched her thirst and soothed her parched throat .
her straight , thick black hair was covered with leaves and ash , like most of the others , but she had something stuck in her hair .
riley could make out the swirls of red and white paint beneath the streaks of ash .
the wall had grown so quickly , the ash had n't had time to cover it yet .
dax 's arms tightened around her , pulling her closer as they watched the remaining ash rain softly down on the scorched clearing .
` ` oh my ... '' from this height she could see the volcano clearly as it was billowing ash from one side .
` ` instruments can be misleading , especially with all this ash in the air . ''
steam vents had opened , and ash covered everything , but this side of the mountain had been spared the worst of it .
for all the mess of the ash , looking down on the canopy was incredible .
she should have been afraid , but dax was too close , in her mind , whispering to her , pointing out waterfalls and cool , hidden pools as well as the silvery , moonlit leaves exposed after the wind from the old one 's powerful wings blew the ash away .
above her , the mist hovered like a white blanket , swirling into shapes of glittering stars , great constellations untouched by the thick ash that still hovered in the air just beyond the clouds of vapor .
it was hard to breathe with the ash still clinging to the leaves and flowers .
the rain had washed some of the ash from the canopy , and the first streaks of dawn looked as if rays of light from stars bursting overhead shone through the heavy foliage surrounding the clearing .
the sun , obscured by the haze overhead created by the ash , still hurt his eyes .
without the shadow of mitro keeping it alive , the hapless creature burned hot and bright , turning to nothing but ash .
his body moved hard and fast and deep , over and over and the flames made her feel like the phoenix , burning clean and pure so that her past and the memories of her father and his malicious experiments , the scars she thought would never be gone were reduced to a fine ash and she was remade - reborn .
floating particles of wood , dirt and stone turned the air in what was left of the room to a thick , gray ash .
his gaze traveled back to the tiny specks of ash on the ground .
sometimes , right before it erupts with the force of a nuclear blast , small amounts of ash come out and litter the land with its warning .
the ash has carried in the air and it is wreaking havoc on airplanes .
they 're closed right now due to the volcanic ash . ''
i hear the shower running as brand washes away the lake water , the ash from the fire and probably some bad memories , too .
` ` i do n't see you reaching for your ash pike , '' voss replied lazily .
` ` i owe you more than an ash stake in your heart , '' he said coolly .
dimitri doubted even the threat of chas woodmore and his ash stake would cow voss .
a night of fitful sleep , filled with smoke and ash and the heat of london 's great fire .
dimitri armed himself with an ash stake and his thick walking stick .
inside it was already filled with choking ash and the heat radiated from the buildings around it .
not a hint of ash or soot marred her lovely face , nor were her clothes torn or singed .
he bellowed , inhaling a lungful of the hot smoke and ash as he tore through the lower level , looking for a place that was n't aflame .
tears stung his eyes , and they burned with the grit from hot ash and the heat .
his breath was short and restricted , his mouth filled with dirt and ash .
the taint of the fallen hung in the air , mixing with the scent of ash that clung to the floor , to the walls .
he tasted ash in his mouth .
the scent of flowers fought with the ash , choking him .
now , all that remained was a sodden black mess that reeked of ash .
not so much as a hint of soot or ash on him .
` ` a - az ... '' her throat hurt , and she could actually taste ash on her tongue .
the ash vanished , the memory of flames receded , and seline just tasted him .
i could even taste the ash . ''
right then , she could still taste ash .
she could smell brimstone , ash , and death .
seline stared at her hands and realized her fingers were stained with ash .
mateo chanted and threw ash in the air and sam fell out of his prison .
they burn , turn to ash and dust , but they keep a glow of our power . ''
she licked her lips , swallowed back what tasted like ash on her tongue , and managed to ask , ` ` where am i ? ''
she choked down the ash and forced herself to look up and into brandt 's bright eyes .
his breath , carrying the scent of ash , blew lightly over her face .
tasted ash and death .
az swallowed and tasted ash .
with brandt 's body gone , only the ash and scorched earth remained to mark his passing .
and only ash was left in their wake .
almost like ash .
he followed that scent of ash and animal , and he rounded the last tight turn in the dark , knowing that his brother 's death was at hand .
the flames and ash and smoke were clogging his nose .
` ` follow the scent of ash , '' sam yelled after him .
she had ash on her clothes .
he swallowed , tasting the ash of fury on his tongue .
` ` she should be dead , just ash , but i can smell her . ''
olivia licked her lips and swore she tasted ash .
chloe was covered in ash and she trembled against him .
her second chance had turned to ash .
she was so seeing her dreams covered by black and gray ash .
but she was still breathing , and if he had truly wanted her dead , she 'd be ash .
his enemies had a way of ending up as ash drifting in the wind .
he could taste ash rising on his tongue .
he did n't want to taste the ash .
you want to know why you woke up in an alley , surrounded by ash ? ''
` ` that 's why you woke up surrounded by ash in an alley .
he could taste the ash rising on his tongue .
there would be nothing left but ash .
there would have only been ash left . ''
her clothes were covered in ash , the white lab coat pretty much black .
for days , their village had been turned black with ash .
made us fight until only ash was left .
memories were as bitter as ash on his tongue .
dante swallowed the ash .
one that was dormant by the time i lived there , but ... according to the stories , our village was born of that ash .
in his mind , he saw the rain of ash that had hit during the deadly battle .
there would be only rubble and ash left when he was done .
the scent of ash and that wild , woodsy scent grew stronger .
the scent actually seemed to be blending with the ash as they were nearing the living room .
the scent of ash and woods - that damn scent - was stronger .
he was tired of the smell of ash .
dante saw her in a field stained black by ash - the ash that had come from the dying phoenixes .
dante saw her in a field stained black by ash - the ash that had come from the dying phoenixes .
she was covered in blood and grime and ash , and she did n't care .
her na**d phoenix covered in ash smiled , and it was the sexiest thing she 'd ever seen .
she tasted ash .
everything would soon be ash .
firing up instantly , then turning to ash .
the ash drifted over her as she screamed .
one person was n't covered with ash .
she took another deep breath and could have almost sworn that she tasted ash on her tongue .
finally , finally , the air stopped tasting like ash on her tongue .
she smelled blood and ash , and she was afraid for him and so happy and she was laughing as she held him .
the scent of ash and fire had n't come from dante .
then there was only ... ash left .
they left the ash and blood and smoldering fire behind .
cain sucked in a breath and tasted the ash on his tongue .
he did n't want the taste of ash on his tongue , he wanted her .
thirteen stood before a pile of ash .
eve stared in horror at the pile of ash at her feet .
she should have smelled like smoke and ash .
had to see the ash .
the water rinsed off the ash and who the hell knew what else from her skin .
okay , so it was black with soot and ash , kinda dinged up , but it did n't look too bad .
he would n't stop at all , not until richard wyatt was nothing but ash floating away in the sunlight .
he 'd watch the bastard burn to ash .
cain smelled ash .
only ash .
tasted the ash and the fire .
he went toward her , seeing ash float in the room around them .
she choked back the memory and tasted ash .
eve was left holding ash in her hand as the fire burned brighter .
so the guys had been escorted in ... maybe a little roughly , but seriously ... '' if i wanted you dead , you 'd be ash by now . ''
cara swallowed and tasted the ash of guilt on her tongue .
wash away the ash and get some feeling back in your limbs . ''
the untouchable bruce mercer is now little more than a pile of ash . ''
` ` the pilot ... '' she licked her lips , tasted fire and ash .
` ` a woman like her will burn you , and if you are n't careful , there wo n't be anything left but ash . ''
the heavy scents of ash and blood filled the air .
the firefighters were still using their hoses , and the scent of ash filled the air .
there was ash on her cheek .
every time she opened her mouth to speak , juliana could taste ash on her tongue .
more ash .
she 'd washed away the blood and ash , but the icy water had done nothing to soothe the aches and pains in her body .
i can still smell the ash . ''
bruce 's hands lifted and his finger traced over the back of her ash stained hand .
` ` you smell like ash . ''
not ash and blood .
the scent of ash lingered in the air , tangling with the blood .
... a demon who 'd been playing with fire might as well have left a trail of ash to follow .
no telltale ash .
no sense getting ash on it .
the wind blew against her face , a cold , icy wind , and for an instant , she caught the smell of ... ash .
knew i smelled ash .
shit , if she could , she 'd be burning jacobson to ash , not screaming and stabbing with - what was that ? -a scalpel .
she wanted those things to be ash at her feet .
pak stumbled out with ash coating his face .
he coughed and tasted ash .
her mouth and nose were stained with ash .
covered in soot and ash , they 'd been through fires hotter than those in hell , and they were still cuffed .
zane ran a tired hand down his face , streaking the ash .
` ` in case you have n't noticed '' -but she was sure he had- '' i ' m covered in ash , grime , blood , and who the hell knows what else .
it tasted a lot like ash .
the stench of burnt wood and ash hung in the air .
the ash stained his fingers when his hand brushed against the wall .
a demon with the face of innocence and eyes blacker than the ash .
rising over the smoke and ash .
the tip of the cigarette bobbed and ash drifted into the night .
more ash drifted away .
the smoke thickened the air and he tasted ash on his tongue .
when she opened her eyes , she was on the ground , her body covered in ash .
the wood in the back and near the roof was charred , and maybe it was her imagination , but she could almost swear she still smelled ash .
` ` there 's ash on your cheek . ''
it could have been so much more than ash .
they 'll find ash and debris from the fire on it , in it , tying you to the arson . ''
while dane changed in the locker room and ditched his ash - covered and bloodstained clothes , katherine waited near dane 's desk , her fingers tapping nervously on the wood .
his eyes burned , and the ash and fire singed his nostrils .
her boots pressed into the puddles on the floor and sank into the ash .
rick suvalis stood to the right , his tall frame stooped , ash and soot covering him .
she 'd been weak before and wound up with guilt and ash come morning .
glancing down , he saw the line of ash on his white shirt .
tasted ash and her .
darkness , all around - no , ash .
not shadows and ash anymore .
beneath the scent of soot and ash , kenton could still smell the odor of whiskey and tequila .
his eyes lingered on the black ash beneath his nails .
he wanted these vamps to be nothing more than ash in the wind .
i can turn him into ash that drifts on the wind . ''
to wash away the ash on her skin .
they were inside the heavy walls that had once surrounded her old home , and the scent of ash teased her nose , a reminder of the fire and death she 'd dealt earlier .
he 'd followed the scent of ash and power all the way back to this place .
she swal owed back the taste of ash .
` ` do n't get any of their blood in you , '' she warned , stil tasting ash .
abe 's body scatters then , falling as ash over my hand and onto my clothes .
i choke back a cry , trying to gather the ash , trying to do something - but the wind catches it , washing him away .
and any that have tried taking me on have only ended a pile of ash . ''
he got up from the bench , rolling his cigarette between his two fingers until the ash fell off the end .
jared took the cigarette out of his mouth and started rolling it between his fingers , causing the entire end of hot ash to fall off .
he was now ash at my feet .
most of it was ash , lying in a heap beyond the cottage .
others fell beneath my feet and turned to smoking ash as i ran over them .
he was covered in ash and soot , just as i was .
` ` love , '' i reached out to wipe a bit of black ash off his face .
he was covered in ash and cinders .
it shocked me as i kicked ash aside in the ruins of xiri 's bungalow .
` ` the river , master arvil , '' farzi stepped over piles of ash and rubble to reach arvil , who was ( no surprise ) surrounded by all his wizards .
they screamed as they died ; i watched in helpless horror as their bodies turned to ash and disintegrated before us .
i could feel the molten rock and ash beneath my feet .
` ` i have to face off with this girl in two days , her name 's ashley but she makes everyone call her ash . ''
` ` you know , dauntless flames , ash , whatever .
it has lines it did n't have last year , or the year before , and his skin is grayish brown , like it was dusted with ash .
i do n't know what happened , i just know that the excuses i made to myself , the rationalizations , they burned up into ash in my mouth .
she imagined the thieves smoking , perhaps flicking pieces of ash over the faces of dante and beatrice .
` ` yeah , that cut deep , knowing ash shoon ash you 're gone , i ' m puttin ' my dick in that- '' ` ` brett , shut the f**k up ! ''
` ` yeah , that cut deep , knowing ash shoon ash you 're gone , i ' m puttin ' my dick in that- '' ` ` brett , shut the f**k up ! ''
her long , blond hair fell down her back in a riot of pale waves , dyed platinum now instead of her natural ash blond , still a constant reminder of amazing sex .
chapter 23 t he sight of your childhood home was n't supposed to fill your mouth with the taste of ash and your stomach with dread .
there 's food in the room over there , and i have an ash dealer around here somewhere - he 's got the real deal .
he 'd been dazed on alcohol and ash , high on the idea that a pretty gemman woman was charmed by him .
` ` you got any ash ? ''
probably nothing but a pile of ash in the oven now .
her people believed cremation trapped the soul in the body and then shattered it into millions of tiny flakes of ash .
it glided slowly into the fire behind anamique , and unlike the stuff of souls , which may subsist within the inferno for ages untold , shadow and skin were of earthly make and were instantly incinerated , leaving nothing behind , not even ash .
and she took a pinch of ash from a pouch and flung it in his face .
she must be from the mountains , he thought , from far away to the south and east where a human 's life could depend upon a firebrand and a pouch of ash .
even ash would burn them .
` ` he told them all of this , but the mists ran rampant in their minds and they forgot everything , remembering only their fear of the holy fire and ash , but not the reason for it .
they forgot the drifting ash of their souls that was as dust upon the skin of the world .
esme thought often of the ash of ancient souls blowing ever around the world , sifting and mixing with the ash of forest fires and wars and the dust of deserts and pollen and bones .
esme thought often of the ash of ancient souls blowing ever around the world , sifting and mixing with the ash of forest fires and wars and the dust of deserts and pollen and bones .
out of more blood and ash than they had ever even imagined in their days of love , he was trying to conjure it back to life .
they obeyed , and liraz witnessed only the first gut - wrench of their stares - ten actually flinched at the sight of her full tally revealed - and the rest was lost to crashing darkness , like an avalanche of ash , when the dracands seized her bare arms with their hands .
up here it was all ice crystals and air elementals , but a world lay beyond the peaks , full of hostile troops and slaves in chains , shallow graves , and the blowing ash of burned cities , and it was all as a play behind a closed curtain to them .
it was just over , and whatever it was that had burned - whatever held the worlds distinct - it gave off no residue of ash or fume .
from the palisade , billowing in the wind , hung a banner that had been white and was now fouled with blood and ash .
the fire reached high , clean and splendid and unnaturally hot , leaving only ash that the wind carried away even before the flames had died .
next to the nithilam , it was as a footprint in ash , as fleeting , and as easily brushed away .
loramendi waited , all those souls quiet under ash .
one thing was sure : that imagined other girl 's shirt might have started out identical to karou 's , but it could bear no resemblance to the ash - darkened , river - wash - roughened , sun - bleached , sweat - stiffened article that karou wore now .
it was a nice way of saying that they 'd chosen not to bring the dead of loramendi back to life just so they could huddle and hunger through a gray season of ice rain and ash mud .
if i concentrate , i can smell the ash above the body wash i ' m using , above the sickeningly sweet shampoo i pour into my hand .
he shakes his head , tapping at his cigarette to release some ash from the tip .
the peat fire on the hearth died gradually to hot ash , then cold , and the window paled from deep black to the sullen gray of a rainy scottish dawn .
as though heaven resented this intrusion , the spume of fiery ash was answered by the first pattering of raindrops , plopping heavily on the cobbles all around us .
i still felt overpowering sadness - and a deep , cleansing rage - when i looked at the sooty smudge in the clearing that had once been my home , but i always had to go out in the morning after one of these dreams and look at it nonetheless : walk round the cold ruins and smell the taint of dead ash , in order to quench the flames that burned behind my eyes .
the steward , observing this , instantly produced a small china dish , into which grey dropped the flaming paper , and together they watched the writing blacken into ash .
he remembered - for surely dreams had no smell ? -the mingling of the thick fragrances with the bitterness of wood ash in the stifling warmth of the room , and the faint feeling of nausea this mingling induced .
his tiny stable next to the shop had survived the fire , and while he wrinkled his nose and sneezed when the wind raised a whiff of ash from the charred remains of the printshop , he did n't seem much affected .
all of it had the sour reek of ash about it , but a few of the items might be salvaged or sold , i supposed .
i realized that i knew he used tobacco ; i 'd smelled the sour ash of it on his breath .
i shove a stick at the hot coals at the bottom of the fire , and they dissolve into white ash .
his voice cracks as his skin fades into the color of ash .
` ` momma , '' i sigh , swallowing because my mouth is as dry as ash .
large pieces of his furry hel hound rocketed into the air , erupting into flame and then raining down in a fine spray of ash .
flames quickly engulfed it , burning away al evidence of its existence before it disintegrated into a mound of ash that blew away like dust in the wind .
large , pieces of ash fel away from the form that was sebastian , drifting weightlessly this way and that until they melted into the air like ink stains dissipating in water .
in my mind 's eye , i see this realization like the flames of a raging fire , consuming my misconceptions and leaving me with only smoke and ash .
my stomach growled sickeningly and my throat burned , hot and dry , like i 'd swallowed fiery ash .
a light rain of ash that peppered the battleground was all that remained of it .
kylie takes my cigarette from me , which i ' ve held without smoking while i talked , so the ash is long and dangling .
she holds it over the ashtray , taps the filter gently , and we both watch the quarter - inch of gray ash topple down and lose shape .
the skies fill with ash and fire .
he , meanwhile , hides in hot springs and geysers , travels via ash falls and earthquakes , dances across tectonic plate stresses and the slidings of continents to follow her , watching her deal with the people of their child , watch them try to take from her , watch her forgive them with her touch , releasing them from their burdens in an exchange more intimate than any of their own closenesses could ever be .
a volcano that breathed fire and brimstone and ash and death .
he erupted , sending ash and fire in an unstoppable cataclysm that burned the universe entire .
she gently wiped some ash from his cheek .
where i lived in south africa , it was customary to cover your windows with ash when a man died .
she nods , taps the ash off her cigarette .
i began brushing ash from the hearth .
there were beer bottles tossed here and there , overflowing ash trays with things much stronger than what she was currently smoking stinking up the air , and even a few needles abandoned on the coffee table in front of the old couch .
burnt trees still smoldered on the side of the road , the ground beneath them reduced to blackened ash .
he laughs and taps ash onto the upturned faces off his followers .
a billion lights drift like burning ash between these epic towers as private shuttles and corporate cargo ships ply their freight back and forth .
it appears fleetingly between giant cloud banks of volcanic ash .
sand and ash , but this place makes my skin crawl , joam muttered .
a half smoked cigarette hangs from his mouth as ash carelessly falls down to the floor .
up high on the mountain , smoke fills the air in huge clouds of dirty brown ash .
the structure and all those within were instantly incinerated , dissolving into a pile of ash .
graeak did glance into the room and caught the sight of a few more bodies that appeared to be burnt out husks , lying in a large pile of ash .
the green globe encasing him instantly turned to ash and fell from his body .
one man was turned into a statue of ash almost instantly .
the sky grumbled as smoke spewed from the pit and discharged a fine dusting of ash that filtered down like grey snowflakes .
the air was dense with ash that continuously fluttered down from above and begrimed the nukyi salients durable body suit .
his hand topped the ash from his cigar .
we are waiting for another agent to arrive , but i suspect your wait will not be much longer , voyid indicated as he relaxed in his chair and flicked the cigar ash into a tray .
the sand - filled streets were black with ash and bloodied crimson .
the note was no more than ash ; it had been destroyed along with a little part of herself and only one of her hopes remained .
i walk over the smoking cardboard ash , stop in front of the cab doors , and look for a call button ; there is n't one .
he took the cigarette out of his mouth and flicked white - pink ash in a styrofoam cup of old coffee .
what was once a crisp breeze of nature blowing through the city streets , now reeked of dead flesh and ash .
behind him the sharp patter of gunfire told that some were hammering at the gates , but most were pushing straight for the walls , climbing their fellows in a desperate but ill - advised attempt to get over into his ships blast ground where they would be turned into ash on the concrete bowl when eleisus shot for orbit .
he was flicking specks of ash and dust off his dark jacket and silver epaulettes in a series of unconscious gestures which could not have been more annoying if they had been calculated to grate on gregs nerves .
she looked like she had just woken from her worst nightmare , tousled hair covered with ash , uniform stained with grease and skin pale and flushed in turns .
chapter 6 the cargo bay was chilled now and had the thin aftertaste of ash and burned plastic , but at least the fires were out .
jumpsuit and skin were both patch works of grease and ash .
the picture quality was incredible , showing every scar and ash line from what was probably a back draft from the shuttles own engine blast .
they call it korvakkar , the gateway of eternal ash , and its an important stronghold for the toralii alliance .
the flash of intense heat reduced the food residue to a fine ash which was extracted away .
he checked several times to make sure parnell was nt hanging about , then he tiptoed into the darkness , using only his lamp to help pick his way under the bare ash branches on the other side of the fence .
you re a sweet girl ash , full of kindness , compassion and love .
i kept my eyes on ash , sleeping peacefully on my chest .
i then got up and helped her up .. its ok ash , nothin to worry about .
the pain i felt in that week was worse than any pain i had ever felt in my entire life , and i think i could say the same for ash .
maya gasped and turned away , while john forged his way forward through the ankle deep ash .
he walked quickly to the entrance and pulled hard at the heavy door , moving it slowly back , ash crumbling at the hinges and the bones disintegrating from the disturbance .
she flicked her ash into the ashtray .
i open the top of my wood burning stove and give the lever that moves the grate a violent jerk , sending a cloud of ash and soot up into the air , coating me with black and white .
' dang blast , my toe , my toe , ' i curse , hopping about covered in ash .
most of her instincts told dagney they should burn it- the plants would be better off as ash than as merek 's slutted up screwcrow , but something in his quivering face made her relent .
a large amount of fresh ash in the hotels incinerator suggests that they had burned documents and ceremonial apparatus .
they always tasted terrible , not much more than salty water , but tonight they tasted like ash .
a coffee table in the den was also liberated from old magazines , dirty saucers , wickless candles , ash , and pez dust .
it is of nothing , ash .
all right then , ash .
i beg your pardon , ash , but this is , after all , my engagement .
i believe those are most commonly found in mythological texts , ash , not the circus , even if it is a most unusual show .
i have seen many a peculiar thing in my time , ash .
i , too , am perfectly capable of minding myself , ash .
of course , ash .
she had grabbed a two by four about three and a half feet long and punched out one zombie after the other with a certain mastery that she had learned in the chaos in what had once passed itself off as lancaster , pennsylvania but was now likely as not a partially burned out and ash strewn wreckage of its own deadly carcass dotted here and there with a few remaining wrecks of buildings atop the weeds .
the warrior 's armor was no longer bright , it was darkly stained with safic berry juice mixed with ash from the washa fires , making them invisible at night .
atmosphere is breathable for short periods at a time if you want to ditch the helmets for a bit , fair bit of ash content but you 'll be right for about 15 minutes at a time every couple of hours . ''
` ` normally i 'd have you on for waxing sentimental like that ... but , '' he waved his arms around , ` ` fields of dust and skies of ash . ''
diving to the ground she found it all to be burnt to a fine ash , though the air was a lot more breathable .
my steps crunched in ash and debris , but i continued , hoping to find someone to talk with .
it startled me so bad that i fell backwards into a pile of ash , blurring my vision .
by the time all three had fired the corpse was mostly drifting ash .
they were covered in ash , a dark cloud puffed up as his hands met .
roach fell to the floor and minos threw another fireball , it hit the galearii in the temple then fell to the ground in a shower of ash .
he had it refitted with a 462 cube pontiac v8 engine and every part of the inside of the car was chromed : including the ash trays , shift knobs , and door handles , then an alligator steering wheel cover with two large fuzzy dice hung from his mirror : it was ugly but sparkled .
ok , i ' m sure if you look at the power output of that last pulse , you will see that i can turn that bucket of yours into ash .
the depression itself was completely free from ash and debris , the bottom resting below the concrete foundation and into the dirt .
the one on the right wore a suit with a filthy white business shirt , covered in blood spatter , dirt , and ash .
it crumpled like a paper cup , all the debris aflame and hovering a few feet off the ground , then disappeared , all the sound , heat and dust sucked away into nothing , leaving a silent snowfall of gray ash for half a minute .
the book store in kanda had still stood , only the signs of a crater there , not the ash or glassy indentation i had seen in atlas or the sweets store .
no one came to help after the plane full of containers crashed in tokyo bay , unleashing the first wave of nasties five years ago , and no one came after the eruptions in kyushu covered the western half of honshu in radioactive ash .
occasionally she heard explosions as more molten rock tore through the nearby mountainsides , spraying ash and steam .
the ash in the air burned her eyes as she searched the horizon for her enemy .
but i m surrounded by lava and ash !
the gown was no longer as pristine as it had once been , now that it was covered in soot and ash .
liam nodded and slowly knocked the ash out of his pipe and lazily walked away , blending into the crowd .
oh , come on , ash .
he passed under the monsters tail and could see it legs clearly , huge , muscular limbs that tapered over several yards , ending into a pair of ash - gray talons that could easily crush a fighter like a rotten apple .
his skin pops and peels away , and the skin under that pops and peels away until nothing is left of him but ash and clothes .
the car slithers away , leaving a spray of dust or ash or whatever it is that coats this grass in its wake .
she stood in rain and tasted ash and felt like she been waiting there for all of time .
the bettuan never cut their hair , and the hair of the very eldest bettuan , who approached nearly three hundred years old , would sometime darken to an inky black , streaked with ash , hanging almost to their waists .
the ash drifted to the floor , and she tossed the remainder of the butt into her front shirt pocket .
that man approached me and was talking on his communicator yeah mistress everything is going according to plan and this island will soon be ash with agent sharma and his friends , soon our master will return and acquire this planet too just like the others he had earlier .
we still see occasional ash flakes that come fluttering out of the smoke plume ; they just look like moths .
like a snake coiling around its prey , carsoon reached out a gnarled old hand quick as lightning and grabbed a pile of hot ash from his fire pit .
` ` has all your questing burned away the distractions from your true goal or has the fire through which you have walked clouded your resolve with smoke and ash ? ''
the cigarette he had been holding had burned itself down to a two inch hunk of ash .
the pile of ash in the back garden only serves to prove that hell kill zombies .
a moment later a blast came from across the cavern and julieth witnessed the form of an attacking archer disintegrate with electricity , ash from its body wafting away like the ash of a fire in the breeze surrounding them .
a moment later a blast came from across the cavern and julieth witnessed the form of an attacking archer disintegrate with electricity , ash from its body wafting away like the ash of a fire in the breeze surrounding them .
if zoey could breathe fire , i d be a pile of ash .
he needed a drink to wash away the acrid taste of smoke and ash .
the effects of this displacement will be horrendous : unceasing volcanic eruptions as seismic faults split open on every mountain range , massive earthquakes on the ocean floors creating unimaginable tidal waves that will obliterate coastal regions , and skies darkened from volcanic ash turning the climate everywhere into an ice age .
because of the ash in the air ?
its not the ash .
its what s below the ash , more subtle but still there .
the smoke , a combination of concrete dust and ash from still smoldering plasma , watered vances eyes .
it soon disappeared in a puff of smoldering ash , but the man still held the flames .
the drysta tilted his head to the side as he rubbed his hand against his shoulder , ash dropping from the end of the cigarette and sprinkling down into the grass .
a rolled cigarette was hanging from his fingers , ash gathering on the end as he forgot to flick it away while he paced .
he finally flicked the gathering ash off the end , and georgianna watched as it flittered through the air into the dry grass .
tristan prodded powdered ash into tiny swirls on the morning breeze , blackening his moccasin toe .
and instead of peimu blood on his hands , as he sometimes had after a hunt , his palms bore a coating of black , powdered ash .
the evening wind abruptly turned heavy with ash and heat .
suggesting whoever slept in them obviously did nt care if their clothes or face was covered in dirt or ash or whatever they came across in their day - to - day lives .
the air stank of smoke , and breathing was difficult , but rachel could nt help thinking of all the cremated corpses whose fine ash now floated into her lungs .
a black circle of ash marked the house that rachel had set afire last night .
toxic atmosphere filled with ash and sulfur .
to the left , a geyser spewed vapors and ash , perhaps a kilometer away from the road .
the ash and pollution thickened over the city , hiding even the dim red sunlight shed seen on occasion on the way here .
garish posters and optimistic signs covered the walls , but where the paint was chipped they could see that the wall was a solid block of gray stone colored with veins of milk and ash .
inside the fireplace , nestled in a pile of black ash , was a charred up teddy bear .
volcanos spewed lava rivers and ash clouds in the distance , as quakes shook the ground .
the bodies were turned into ash and dust within minutes with intense flames .
judging from the floating ash his death would at least be quick .
they looked around , all brown with mud and ash .
he was sitting with two of them upon a piece of floor that had not burned through , drips of water splashing down on them from the above floors upon the ash .
abreon sat next to a pile of that ash , which he had scraped away from where he sat into a pile .
abreon picking at the ash , forlorn , maybe she was captured or killed .
loss sitting in the ash .
the rain and ash had fully penetrated their steel thread uniforms and was festering on their skin .
abreon looked at the washed away piles of ash he had made he had made .
angel picking at the ash , what do we need to do ?
almost reminiscent of her home , manera , now a pile of rock and ash .
the smell of burned flesh joined a thin corpse , black as ash .
he attempted to stand again , before collapsing back onto the ground , covered in ash and twitching .
casandra remained with the boy on her knees , covered in ash and dirt .
the air was cold but it smelt of warm ash , as though a recent bonfire had filled the dome .
he did not wait and charged recklessly down into the ash and the mud .
vortan ran from the crater as justus remained with the boy on his knees , covered in ash and dirt .
at the back of malizars estate , the ground was black as ash , and she fell to her knees as she wept , devoid of all strength .
she hurled the spike against a tree where it shattered into ash , leaving the air tinged with the scent of fire .
i did n't know how it worked on the infected , i was only trying to sur- '' nella retched so violently that the world went a hazy noiseless ash color and she missed the end of the word .
a soft glow , like a lone coal buried in ash , rose from behind it , where all that was left of civilization waited to be saved .
the scavenger team and dr . schneider had left footprints in the thin layer of ash on the floor .
all blood left his face , leaving his skin like ash .
they survived the initial blast and thrived through the resulting centuries of settling ash .
when the mamood came to settle this planet , we set up atmospheric generators all over the surface and cleared away the ash .
sittin on her ash , rei said , like she always does .
because he thinks we have no reason to use this against any but lord dreach - fhoula , ingunn replied , gathering thorns and ash - twigs to place in a sack .
there were still bits of cinder and ash falling from the red sky , but the beauty was lost on me .
not until i coughed at the ash falling , what exactly is the plan ?
skate burned immediately but silently , crackling only occasionally as the skin turned to ash before our eyes .
rice looked down at his hands , which were covered in ash from the burnt out conduits he d been helping replace .
hendricks was dead , turned to ash .
jason arrayed a few dozen crustaceans inside the ash , to cook in their shells for future meals .
the others backed away , fearing an equal dishing of hot ash .
show me the way to go homeim tired and i want to go to bedi kicked a little ash about an hour agoand his balls are burning red .
` ` stir the coals , '' the enactor repeated , poking the bar into the ash bed .
most shops use pitch and ash .
lincoln made a face and got the ash shovel .
at the end of my troubles in florence , i could n't afford mastic , so i used pitch and ash .
there was ash in the air now .
i can carry some ash and grease from the fire pit in this .
when the modifications were done , jenny made her way to the galley for the ash and grease as jeff made his way onto deck .
she then pulled out the pouch of ash and grease and jeff rubbed some on her face .
she smiled and wiped some of her ash and grease face paint from around his mouth before turning and leading him into the galley and started fixing him a plate of nuts , flatbread , and dried fish .
also , may i have some ash from the fire pit ?
i m going to clean the surgeons cabin and i want the ash to use as a disinfectant .
you re welcome to take as much ash as you like , but i do nt see how you can clean with something that is dirty .
it may very well wind up looking that way , but better to have ash all over the place than the blood and guts that are there now , jeff said , dreading the project ahead .
jenny picked up a small bucket and scooped some ash into it .
once again , jenny looked behind him to make sure they were not seen before pulling his head to hers and kissing him as she handed him the bucket of ash .
jeff dropped off the bucket of ash in the surgeons cabin before setting off to collect a bucket of water , a brush , and a mop .
for the next few hours , he sprinkled ash and seawater on every surface and scrubbed it into the wood with the brush .
finally , he mopped up the excess water and ash .
by the time he was done , the room looked just as dingy as when he started , but the staining of the surfaces was now simply the gray color of the ash , rather than the reddish - brown of dried blood .
a bit of ash and grease from the galley should do it .
the entire section of log that housed the healing cabin was now a heap of ash .
as they walked further they passed through a smorgasbord of geological formations ; massive white granite blocks formed deep within the earth , pushed up by shattered volcanic flows of glinting black obsidian , piles of ash and rock fragments thrown by titanic volcanic explosions , and half - inch thick sheets of brittle , crumbling , jagged gray shale that had been broken to bits by volcanic cataclysm .
he lost his strength , becoming bedridden as the last of his golden brown hair of his youth faded into an ash gray .
the air burns with the stench of electric ash .
the destruction that had been unleashed upon this city , the ash that blanketed the very street he walked on , was evidence of that .
as they approached , the smell of brimstone grew stronger , and the ash that was stirred up by their steps stung their eyes .
a shadow rose up leaving smoke and ash in its wake .
one was tall and black , and chewed on a cigar , letting the ash fall to his feet .
shitshe looked over his shoulder and saw that they were dirty with black ash , and most of them were panting , struggling to remain standing .
the ash , ejecta and sulfur compounds thrown up into the sky lasted many years , blocking out tau ceti and causing deucado to get very cold .
damn it , aaron exhaled before flicking the pillar of ash from the tip of his cigarette into the plastic blue ashtray .
he would lie back and think , watching the smoke rise from the tip of ash .
when her vision returned the three syndicate guards were gone , only a trio of ash piles remaining to mark where they 'd been .
in stellar terms , iron is nothing other than ash .
our bodies consist of stellar ash , born by a star which exploded billions of years ago somewhere in the depths of the infinite universe .
smoke drifted in the air as the wood became ash .
jonathon was now just a pile of ash , smoldering on the ground in front of him .
stepping into the light and over the pile of ash that was jonathon he felt warm , but nothing he could not handle .
they would just think that jonathon had escaped , without a body a pile of ash would not convince them of his story .
there had been no pile of ash reported by any of the responders that had arrived on the scene , otherwise he would be getting taken more seriously .
he was a pile of ash faster than peter could look away .
on the second day he did see a picture of himself , on the television in a small diner where he was choking down some food that tasted like ash .
cigar smoke flowed from his ash tray , at the corner of the desk and lined the smoke stained burgundy walls that surrounded him .
his flannel shirt and ripped blue jeans were meant to disguise him as an every - day blue collar civilian , but were now covered with ash and tiny extinguishing flames , from the laser rifles he had been gunned down with .
he was draped in a black trench coat that was collecting ash from the burning cigar in his mouth .
are we to arrive at a safe haven , or an ash smothered grave ?
against the black ash and rock , riddled with bits of metal and crumbled cement from the demolished skyscrapers of siren city , the brief flicker of red light seemed to momentarily shock some life back into the great dead form .
the intruder pulled the trigger and sent a hot white flash of energy crashing into gallons face , which caused his entire body to disintegrate instantly ; leaving behind not even the smallest trace of blood , skin , bone or ash .
worse , the ash blotted out the sun over three states .
just as i had begun to believe that i would nt be telling her a thing , i was letting it all flow out like toxic , volcanic ash .
i watched , eyes wide as the monsters still on top of me jerked back and forth , spewing disgusting red froth before erupting in a display of fleshy fireworks or crumbling into that black ash .
on the other side , the drawings hand was holding a flame encircled by black ash .
from within its painful luminescence , i watched the shadows of buildings crumble to ash ; i watched the ash disappear into nothing .
the air was full of ash and smoke .
as he watched , the ash began to drift in onto the carpet .
in no time the ash was washed away and the city was back , clean , fresh looking , no dead to be seen in the driving rain .
the food tasted like ash , but she forced herself to eat since she knew she 'd need the calories tomorrow .
the words were like ash in his mouth .
fust grinned and flicked ash from his cigar .
instead of heavy house parts , a fine black ash now fell , obscuring martha 's view slightly .
it slowly spun on it 's axis and accelerated into a neospace bubble , leaving the broken clanworld desinlo behind , still glowing from the damage , with volcanic activity still rising , the air dark with smoke and ash as the plant began the process of remaking itself .
the crane burned out in a spray of ash .
clumps of gray ash were scattered like millions of mice frozen in time , devoured then expelled in a whirlwind of destruction .
i was to go about eternity as the ash beneath the feet of the victor .
her body fell away as my belief faded into the ash that now smothered my body .
plus , since the clearing faced to the east away from the town , the ash would follow the wind pattern down the valley and away from arlington .
the piles of hair squished under the chunks of carpet or squashed beneath the bed frames or mattresses caught and shriveled into wispy , ash crisps .
she had ash spread on her cheeks above the mask and stuck in her hair .
she looked at the pile of smoldering ash and wanted to hurt .
i heard her ask as we crossed over the circle of black ash that surrounded the village .
for the first time , i noticed that even when the wind blew , the ash stayed put .
immediately on the other side of the ash circle , a strange man was standing , looking up at us almost hungrily .
all i wanted was to walk down the stairs , approach the ash border , and take his outstretched hand .
the radiation would have been the cowardly guns , but the fire was the brutal , nonstop fista hand - to - hand combatant who never tired and who fed on nothing but the swirling ash , toxic black smoke , andits favorite food of allthe clean air that was struggling to survive .
i do not like you being so far down the path , but the ash circle prevents them from getting inside , so i do not have to worry .
there 's an ash circle all around us .
her lips were stained red perfectly with berry - colored lipstick , and her large green eyes were accentuated by dark ash around them .
back through the trees , on the path , him making sure that i stayed in the middle , away from the edges where the ash border was .
do n't cross over the ash .
if there 's something out in the woods , over the ash circle that i can get , just tell me what it is , and i 'll go .
adam had alluded to some danger lurking in the forest that surrounded janna 's village ; the ash circle kept them out , whoever or whatever they were .
they were who janna and her people feared and kept out of their village with that circle of ash .
i did not know where i was running , but i knew i just had to find the ash circle .
i tripped over my feet but managed to stumble over the ash circle , knocking over one of the torches in the process and landing with a hard thud on my stomach .
you have now had the great misfortune to witness them , and that is because someone pushed you over the ash circle .
sure enough , the only evidence left of them was ash in the grate , and one last page with just her name written on it burning away into nothing .
the night after kelly gave birth , i told caspar every detail as we lounged under one of the palm trees in a cluster of exotic plants at the far end of his street , close to the ash - circle .
he took me outside and held me at the edge of the ash circle , and he gave me a warning .
did she tell you he asked me icily , that it was violet who held her to the ash circle and threatened to throw her over ?
the second any of you step over the ash circle when you are ready to discuss this like the fair , decent , and rational man i know you to be , come find me .
we were supposed to walk over the ash barrier , find the hive ( because the trebestia do n't come out in daylight , and because we were protected temporarily after breathing the untainted air in the village , so going over the ash circle to hunt them down was not dangerous ) and destroy it .
we were supposed to walk over the ash barrier , find the hive ( because the trebestia do n't come out in daylight , and because we were protected temporarily after breathing the untainted air in the village , so going over the ash circle to hunt them down was not dangerous ) and destroy it .
she cried out when she tried to move her arm , james the ash circle has been broken !
camps guarded by ash circles , too .
that ash did not blow away in the suddenly very alive wind ; instead , it filled the space , merging the circle back together .
does the ash circle keep everyone out ?
in a flash , i jumped over the ash barrier , grabbed the woman and both of the guns , and jumped back over just as the trebestia attacked .
we ve been lining these small paths to it with ash to keep the tree - beasts out .
his eyes were widened , and his breaths were quickened ; too much could happen , there were so many different ways tragedy could strikethey could have accidentally left a spot unfilled in their ash barrier ; one or all of them could have been startled by the trebestia and fallen over into their waiting , lethal arms ; they could have reached the bunker to find that the old spirits had already found it ; the old spirits could have chased them into the woods and dragged them back ; i could have been taken from the house before he could return to me beyond james , and beyond that moment when i saw him leading them to the tree - line , i felt pennys longing for james and me , and i lost my ability to breathe .
he could feel the heat from the burning inferno smoldering near him , the smell of burnt ash and brimstone frizzling before him as he sensed a shiver to his bones like someone walking on his grave .
the sound of barking dogs permeated the air around them and the odor of burnt ash protruded about resulting in a burned stench that escalated like the fires of hell searing with the brightness of the guard towers spread up with guards armed and ready like leviathans awaiting their prey , those eager to defy them .
then tina noticed something odd as the sack she still held , burned with soot and ash and the supplies within it that were left over were completely destroyed , but the one thing that is not is the object given to james by the chief , which is suddenly glowing very , very fiercely and brightly .
no sooner than leaving the bus did she immediately smell the stench of marijuana smoke and tequila near the sudden burnt ash of a steel oil drum and she thought to herself , oh my god , where do i go ?
the screeching of nocturnal creatures is dwarfed by the sound of strong winds in the charred remains of old tree barks , branches , and dirt floors smelling of burnt ash and fiery debris .
they were dressed in ragged clothes covered in ash , mud , and dirt .
she pulled open the ash tray , removed the lighter , and plugged in the phone cord .
the burning shaft came right at them , but horace dropped fast and the arrow missed , just barely , evaporating into a spray of ash .
in contrast , the hairy fibers of the rope heated and recoiled , smelling and burning away until it fell into ash and slipped off the sleeve .
da does look like ash .
the smell of ash burned her nose , nearly suffocating her as she gasped for breath through the sobs .
and the ash and embers .
he toed a chunk of dry ash in the grass .
its moisture evaporated into steam as the towel charred and blew as ash through a chimney .
fire raged on the earth , charring the husks of the trees and filling her lungs with soot and ash .
lava rivers , ash plumes and sulphur boiling lakes .
true save was still on fire , despite the sprinklers that had soused most flames into ash .
it was not only a grey day but a windy one and a not very warm oneand so your dedicated smoker has cigarette ash blowing all over his car and he freezes into the bargain .
bridges were burning , door hangings smoldering and falling away to ash , even stone blackened and cracking with thunderous sounds .
where it met flesh and bone , there were little flashes and then red smoke and black ash .
it was flaky and pale as ash .
the coals and ash were turning their boots black , but that was all part of the job .
standing over me are three ash gray figures with large shiny black eyes in a flat face .
the next thing i know , i m strapped down to this cold table surrounded by three ash gray aliens with dark eyes .
the tar that covered our bodies had dried into ash , but the ground beneath us was moist from the mingled tears of all the forgotten children .
but she just looked at me , dried tears halfway down her cheeks and ash all over her little body , wondering what i was thinking .
i ran as quickly as i could , but the tar had already disintegrated into ash .
and so they grappled me with their tools and i thrashed about , kicking around the dust on the floor that was a mixture of padempire 's ash and also the long - forgotten remnants of my clothes that had fallen apart , shred by shred , thread by thread , over the millennia .
chapter 60 they set me into an incinerator and it burned for a few minutes , and then all of the air and ash was sucked out .
some of them were away from the rest and , judging by the blackened pages and by the pile of ash in which they sat , they had been used as fuel in a fire .
it would take only a few minutes to reduce everything to unrecognizable black ash .
he was stepping up from below decks , the freshly lit cigar clenched firmly in his teeth and streaming ash in the stiff breeze .
his skin looked like ash and his eyes had darkened .
below them , where once communities and neighborhoods had sprawled endlessly like an ocean of rooftops , was a blackened wasteland of burnt ash and charred husks .
beneath them , the piles of ash and tinder that were once homes blended with the asphalt roads and parking lots .
taking several big gulps , it felt as if he could actually feel layers of ash and grime he had been breathing all day get stripped away as he drank .
jack recalled the first time he had seen the man atop his horse upon the ash and glass covered street .
there , sprawled amongst layers of glass and dark greasy ash , will blinked his eyes up at them as one of his small hands reached up to the side of his head .
stay off the glass and ash on the road .
again he swerved onto the concrete , leaving tracks in the ash on its surface .
sure it was murky and stained dark by ash residue , but it was fresh water .
now it blew steadily from the north , carrying the smell of ash and decay .
leaving behind the ash and destruction was a nice change , considering that someone was searching for them with ill intentions .
here , like the paved roads covered in slimy ash residue in and around the city , was a surface that marked their passing with ease .
though he had imagined himself prepared for the worst , expecting another pile of cinders , ash , and rubble , in truth no one could prepare for what they found .
though the old cast iron tub could be seen down in the crawl space filled with bits of burned wood and ash , the pipes that had fed it still thrust out of the jumble below within easy reach from the outside of the foundation .
* * * * * sam pushed and pulled the slick piece of once grey pipe that was now coated in ash and some slimy substance she did nt care to think about .
he had always despised that name and the tall man added a touch of bitter ash to it making it all the more unpleasant .
dust and ash fell from the sky , blocking yin 's sight of the chaos outside .
the robot yelled , its voice wavering through the ash .
the glass was broken out of most of the windows , and the ground was littered with trash and the black - grey ash of long - dead fires .
warberg looked at the ash tray again .
after the eruptions which lasted two days , several thousand lives were lost and the planet engulfed in cloud of ash .
it started with all the planet 's volcanos erupting at the same time , then the earthquake , the sky filled with ash , several millions perished , but i survived , and its not because i was smart , its that i was lucky .
i ve waited two months for the ash to clear out , and thanks to favorable weather , i can gohome now .
the only thing that s different is here , down here , no earthquake , no ash cloud , just sands and sands and rocks .
so this species they re called steekards they turn into ash when they go through a door .
-he disappears into ash .
well , if we can afford those a human torch and into ash effects , we should be able to afford some rain .
ash wood is a repellent for vampires .
black thorn wood repels vampires much the same as ash wood except crafting its hard thorns into weapons can come in very handy in crafting anti - vampire materials .
those who want the colors of the flag to burn to ash but we ca nt let that happen .
her white coat was smeared gray with ash and there was a hole in the toe of her designer boot .
graffiti and some trash lined the walls and when we reached the center , a pile of ash and a few half - burned twigs sat in the space between the crossties .
he sat on the head of one of the eagles on the chrysler building , the gray ash land already was getting to charles ; the colorlessness felt like he was in the middle of a depression commercial .
fire trucks and ambulances were pulling up ; the air was starting to fill with ash and smoke .
charles was throwing men out of his way , where edgar saw fit just to stab them or give them a good blast of energy turning them to an ash pile .
as the top came near , edgar and charles seemed to disappear in what was a cloud of smoke ash and many unknowable substances .
they found themselves atop the north tower , the south tower was on the ground in rubble and ash .
the rest of the tower came smashing down , millions of pounds of concrete laid waste to anything that was beneath it , and all that was left was a massive dust and ash cloud where the two buildings had stood so tall .
as he looked out over the smoldering rubble and ash cloud that spread across the city he thought about his parents and how he originally lost them on this day .
aside from the smell of ash and damp wood , the apartment was much like it was before the fire , only it looked like a disaster zone .
with all my thoughts whirling , trying to organize themselves into a real plan of action , i fell asleep and i dreamed of many things ; of dust and ash , of storm waves of sand , the faces of my wife and children .
instead , i smell ash searing the wind , the heat - burn scent of sheared aurichrome and pavement .
his mouth filled with bile and ash , as he pushed her decomposing , worm ridden corpse away from him .
temprak was defeated and his minions broken , but the devastation in the region now called the sea of dust was complete and a vast desert of ash and sand now stood where rich fields and forests once flourished .
a man , ash blonde hair .
no quick turning to ash here .
poisonous ash , these fucking brindles .
after an agonizing few seconds they finally lay still , the remains of their charred bodies emitting wisps of ash and smoke that dissipated on the cold wind .
a pile of ash lay where the giant had stood .
when the light stopped , the nagini turned to ash and drifted away .
others had said that it was a dark place , a land of fire and ash , for the emperor , cruel as he was , could only exist in a world devoid of life .
his entire body had turned to the color of ash .
i ca nt remember ever being in a more vulnerable position than trapped in a convenience store full of fumes with my legs and feet wet with gasoline , but watching the auto magazine flames turn into smoldering ash on the step , my fear dissipates with it .
as the day wore on , a fine gray ash began to fall from the skies .
the skies grew even darker as the ash fell down faster , like dirty snow .
everyone fashioned cloths around their mouths to avoid breathing in the thick haze of ash .
the ash was followed by a slow dirty rain that turned the piles of ash into a slushy , runny kind of mud , and just before the sun finally fell in the east , the rain began to fall harder , the air turned cold , then colder still , and lightening began to stab at the gray and sullen skies above the cave .
the ash was followed by a slow dirty rain that turned the piles of ash into a slushy , runny kind of mud , and just before the sun finally fell in the east , the rain began to fall harder , the air turned cold , then colder still , and lightening began to stab at the gray and sullen skies above the cave .
that dust or ash , mike said .
i ve never seen volcanic ash , but i ve read about it , and it seems that s what it was .
but then the rain came down even harder later on and washed all the ash away .
the air became hotter and acrid , with the smell of volcanic ash .
the fire had been allowed to die down during the early morning hours and he stamped out the remains with his boot , kicking up ash and smoke .
the spear she had given her was made from ash and stood at almost the same height as herself .
the hearth was burning away , but ash and coal dust collected around its edges and it had been trampled across the floor by large boots .
they stood on the side of the mountain looking north to a pillar of black smoke that coughed ash .
alex stooped down and picked one up , the title burned away and most of the pages were covered in soot and ash .
through the steaming lenses of my nbc mask i could make out a few of them as they picked through the mess , uniforms bleached white by the toxic ash falling like snow around them .
our buildings fall beneath us , the ground becomes nothing more than ash and a memory , and the people are lost to the quaking earth .
the flares might have scorched land into ash , claiming most of the united kingdoms towns , and officials might have infected the rest , but there are still places that can be rebuilt .
not shot by officials , not on the run , not in the coming war , but choking on the bitter ash of poison snow .
we walk past rubble and glass , past gruesome bodies and torn limbs , blood and bone and ash .
he presses the wet rag to the side of my head and says , you have ash on your face .
i m so exhausted i do nt fight him as , with gentle touches , branwell cleans the killing ash from my cheek .
there s nothing but the ash caught in the wind , sickly grey .
she grins then , like she ca nt tell my world had dissolved into a mess of ash and accidents .
i shield my eyes as the ash that once was a person is blown away on the sea wind , and i know this is a turning point .
foremost ahead of everyone was the bald - headed man , proceeded by his ash brown companion , then ashley , and behind her trevin , who was followed by the irresistible ernesto .
all the notation that came with the ash colored quarterstaff had said was that its origin was unknown , but it came with an authenticity certificate again signed by adams grandfather .
cried janessa , pointing at the grey ash coating every building .
how wrong they were , the fire burned brightest at the heart , which proceeded to pump out ash and agony with reckless abandon .
this time the inhabitants of the tower also march on the enemy with towering metal giants which carve the enemy , the land , and the ash into one with their giant weapons .
how i wish i could hurt you , how i wish i could watch you reduced to the bile and ash that you are .
the kind of fire that leaves no ash .
obi - wans face had turned the color of ash as he cast one last glance over at padme before the doors shut on him .
dusk hung in the crevasse of clouds and crooks of ash .
ideas and commitments were thrown around the circle of those gathered like volcanoes flinging molten ash across the islands .
on the second story , the boy was on the same level as the hysterical septic ; its skin reeked of excrement , ash , and fouler things .
the earth is ash gray , and the sky is dull white .
her ash blonde hair hung to her shoulders in a stylish wave , and her eyeshadow and lipstick looked perfectly tasteful , compared to some of the other news - babes .
once he got inside the townhome , he put the beer away and mixed a bourbon and coke , laid out the ash tray on the coffee table and both packs of cigarettes .
outside the store , he loaded his groceries into the tiny trunk of the mg as a hot dry wind swept the parking lot , sending ash and smoke along the blacktop .
he drove down the street back to the edge of viejo verde , arriving at the intersection where the bodies of the dog and its owner , he guessed , lay exposed to drifting ash and smoke on the street above his townhome complex .
he sat down in the large purple chair he d bought from a rent - a - center outlet and popped a fresh beer , dragged the ash tray toward him and decided to be quiet and just listen and things will sort themselves out , he told himself and blew smoke out across the quiet room .
an hour later , watching and smoking from the small back balcony off the guest room of his townhome , holiday could see hot ash and glowing sparks streaming through the sky above the vineyards and the now crazed palm trees .
the beer was cold and tasted good in the face of the driving hot winds and floating ash .
the mist from the sprays of water felt good against the rushing waves of heat and ash that blasted down on them like hot , burning sleet , racing through the narrow streets of the vineyards .
frank looked down at his ash covered hands , the lines there dark and sooty .
over the fence , soldier boy , shouted ash , and grabbed the top of it , swinging her legs up and over .
holiday and ash crouched and crawled through a stand of low hanging wild oak that had nt been pruned all that summer .
holiday led ash downhill along the road that separated the two developments , the townhomes and the apartment complex , until they came to the entrance of a business park that lay alongside the toll road .
holiday turned and tried to take the canvas duffel but ash shook her head and managed a whispery , no , i can carry my own gear .
none that i can see , whispered ash .
ash and holiday lay in the grass gasping at the heat , still for a moment .
behind them , all through the apartment complex , zombies were streaming over the low wall of the business park ash and holiday had come through .
yelled ash over her shoulder as she ran on ahead of him .
among other things , whispered ash and holiday was nt sure exactly what shed meant .
holiday looked at ash , puzzled .
holiday and ash banged into shelving that suddenly disappeared and reappeared in the blinking lights as they continued to cautiously make their way across the store .
holiday and ash were next to a long wall that seemed to run toward the back of the store .
they turned as one , then stumbled toward ash and holiday , arms reaching , teeth bared like rabid dogs .
screamed holiday as ash lunged for the closing fire door , catching the handle just before the door would have closed and locked them out , on the wrong side , for the short remaining moments that would have been the rest of their lives .
were trapped , whispered ash , and it was the first time since meeting her that holiday could tell she was truly worried .
its not safe out there , protested ash .
the heat clung to the last of the day as holiday and ash made their way back to the vineyards .
they were already killed , replied ash , slipping on the landscaping still wet from the automated sprinklers .
holiday turned to ash , started to say something , and then whatever it was felt too crazy to say out loud .
listen , i do nt know you all that well , began ash .
this is ash .
frank had offered ash his guest room to stay in and ash had quickly accepted .
frank had offered ash his guest room to stay in and ash had quickly accepted .
play it cool , thought holiday to himself when he heard the invitation exchange between frank and ash .
now , standing around the grill in the evening dark watching the steaks begin to sizzle , frank , ash and holiday watched the night as each in their own way wondered what the shape of the world was now .
i like mine rare , interrupted ash , clutching her plate , watching the steak on the grill .
ash and holiday cut into their steaks as frank laid out some butter , sour cream , and salt and pepper for the potatoes .
asked ash as she swallowed a thick piece of meat shed stabbed with her fork .
it was a good thing , he reasoned , that ash was staying with frank .
holiday and ash arrived at the supermarket parking lot and pulled up next to the flatbed truck far out in the parking lot .
does nt look like it , laughed ash .
holiday left ash and immediately went to the beer aisle .
she s almost here , yelled ash over the last of the fading aerosmith blare .
she s inside the store now , whispered ash .
he led ash behind the meat counter and through the plastic divider curtain that separated the store from the cutting room .
shouted ash .
holiday , now would be a good time to he heard ash yell at him as he flung the freezer door closed behind him .
the thing gurgled and waved its arms wildly at ash from the other end of the pole .
screamed ash .
he shouted at ash .
chapter thirteen it was ash who got the truck started with a little bit of hot wiring that was nt smooth but did the trick nonetheless .
then a too - loud thunk as they shut them , and both ash and holiday knew they d have be quieter next time .
he could nt get the womans voice out of his head as ash pulled him deeper and deeper into the store in search of the things they needed .
get some gloves , said ash .
he stopped when he saw ash .
the steaks came off the grill , and while ash and holiday sat at the picnic table watching the steaks on their paper plates , frank went back into the condo to get a potato gratin and a tomato salad .
it feels good on the skin after a hard day of unrolling all that fencing , whispered ash .
it kinda feels warm , said ash .
we do nt know that for sure , whispered ash .
chapter 14 ash 1 streaks of light dart across his vision , before a bang sounds and he is thrown backwards .
you should ignore the dreams , ash .
the beast glared and grunted something at carnat , but ash only heard carnat 's sarcastic response .
the room fell silent for a while and ash sat on the sandy floor , picking up bunches of sand and let the grains run between his fingers .
carnat 's question - dodging had only piqued ash 's interest .
chapter 23 ash 2 like the prisoners they were , ash and carnat were put in chains and marched through sandy chambers and tunnels ; the building , like so many others on rat'hak , was actually below ground , to allow for moderate protection from the sandstorms .
chapter 23 ash 2 like the prisoners they were , ash and carnat were put in chains and marched through sandy chambers and tunnels ; the building , like so many others on rat'hak , was actually below ground , to allow for moderate protection from the sandstorms .
a hak'i looked at ash and jabbed the butt - end of a spear into his belly .
carnat gestured for him to follow , and ash did so , until they reached a large rack .
i am the warrior , carnat , and this is ash , a rising champion .
carnat noticed , and placed a hand on ash 's bare shoulder .
carnat ran back to ash as the duodecinid pursued , moving all too gracefully for a beast of its size and shape .
carnat threw ash aside , knocking him into the outer wall .
the audience applauded with roars and shouts as carnat lifted ash 's hand high , signalling the victory .
there was already a plate of generic food cubes in front of the door , which cheered ash up ; usually , they 'd have to ask and barter with the guards .
carnat ate quickly to get the taste over and done with , but ash ate slowly , not wanting to carry on tasting them .
when the plate was empty , ash belched and asked carnat a question .
carnat put a hand on ash 's shoulder .
carnat pulled ash into a hug .
chapter 49 ash 4 it was the day of ash 's second fight .
as usual , ash ate slowly , while carnat got it over and done with .
smiling , he handed ash the arrow back .
people laughed at the mocking name they gave ash .
they walked over to the weapon rack , and carnat picked out a compound bow for ash , rather than a crossbow .
when it appeared , carnat backed away , shoving ash with him .
carnat yelled , dragging ash with him .
it reached down with clawed hands , swiping at them , but carnat tackled ash out of the way .
carnat put on a burst of speed , moving ash forcefully out of the fist 's path .
carnat dragged ash up , and they through the tunnels .
watching the distraction , he took his chance and ran towards ash , who was running towards him .
the handsome greek - profiled youth struggles again down the street to the morgenstern house , as promised , with flapping flannel trousers , maintaining his golden hair against the gale , practically a hurricane , assailed by skittering cans , ash - can covers , wrenched - off branches from the roaring trees .
once i had a dream he came rolling up and my grandfather and old friends were under the tarp , and they climbed out because it turned out they were nt burned and murdered corpses decaying beneath the ash of our villageoh no , they were fineand they came to live with me in the library .
the wall section vanished in a blast of smoke , rubble and ash .
high walls of smoke , fire and ash erupted from the fissures and tall high - rises swayed like tree trunks in a hurricane .
he lit a cigarette , puffed , pulled the ash tray toward him and leaned back in his seat .
and , so , you are forced to watch them stumble in a blind stupor , chasing illusions , abolishing themselves from the inside out by gradual degrees until one day there will be nothing left in the world but the final culmination of the soul : an endless cycle of fire and ash , and that lone , wailing voice in the wilderness .
a mist of ash blew off the crest of carcasses like snow off a mountain peak and the spray ignited red as saharan sands , carrying the smell of purification into the city .
white flicked ash from his cigar into a crystal ashtray on his desk and manipulated the holographic displays in front of him .
after a while ash appeared through a wooden sliding door .
his gray shirt was so thinned down by excessive use that it had holes here and there , which to hazels dismay did nt bother ash .
as vito users were rare , the government actively scouted vito users in sarum , and that was what made ash so cautious .
let me see it , said ash .
chase looked up at ash .
chase asked ash .
the sf guys did nt know any of that yet , they just saw a lot of devastation , the forensic teams would find all the dna mixed in with the ash , but they would not know the reasons behind it all .
he reported what forensics had found , which was a large number of dna samples mixed in with a lot of ash .
their pipes fell onto the carriage floor , spilling clouds of ash .
he nodded to the pile of ash beneath jessica 's feet .
the familiar sulfuric and metallic ash greeted my nostrils immediately .
in the other he held my royal standard on its ash pole .
the great deluge had shed the black ash he had been coated in .
smoke filled the compartment and formed light coatings of black ash over their faces and clothes .
for too short a time the funeral fire warmed turtle man 's people , then like the great man 's life it was gone forever , consumed into smoke and ash .
he stood back up , dusting ash from his shoulder .
his hair was as black as ash , covering his face in frames .
and with that , he turned and walked out the entrance 15 all that remained of the hut less than an hour later , was ash and debris .
in the shadows cast by the torches , the dark circles under their eyes looked painted on in ash .
her hands had been pushing into the dirt , trying to move her backwards , away from the ash circle , but the drugs had made me so strong , or perhaps they had merely amplified my rage to such a point that i was herculian - strong .
in the dream , i was always walking down the street towards my mother and fathers house , and the grey fog had rolled in so thickly , tinted with the smell of ash and ocean water from the burned or drowned cities .
the flare tree - bark pyre does something amazing : it is so hot that it burns everything into ash , and then , the ash and leftover sap from the bark cement themselves to the ground so they can not be blown away by the wind .
the flare tree - bark pyre does something amazing : it is so hot that it burns everything into ash , and then , the ash and leftover sap from the bark cement themselves to the ground so they can not be blown away by the wind .
it takes very little effort for human hands to gather the ashes , which are then put into an urn , and given to the primary relative , so after melinda had burned away into ash , she was gathered up , put in an urn , and given to eli .
she was just ash .
they will never make it past the quakes , eruptions , and the resulting ash clouds and gases .
the air had a bitter , hot smell to it , the river flowed sluggishly , the water gray , and a scum of yellow white foam and ash rode the slow current .
volcanic ash ?
probably ... might also be ash from all of the fires , she considered .
as the day wore on a fine gray ash began to fall from the skies .
the ash was followed by a slow dirty rain that turned the piles of ash into a slushy , runny kind of mud , and just before the sun finally fell in the east , the rain began to fall harder , the air turned cold , then colder still , and lightening began to stab at the gray and sullen skies above the factory .
the ash was followed by a slow dirty rain that turned the piles of ash into a slushy , runny kind of mud , and just before the sun finally fell in the east , the rain began to fall harder , the air turned cold , then colder still , and lightening began to stab at the gray and sullen skies above the factory .
by the time we set out on our way , the house is lighting up from the inside with orange flames , soon to be no more than a pile of smoldering ash .
the ash and smoke are so thick , i can barely see .
a nasty burn covers the left side of her neck and her face is stained with ash , but a huge grin is spread across her face .
john had many cuts on his arm and body and his hair had turned black from soot and ash and when they moved out , he had a slight limp .
the look of horror and confusion on his face forced and explanation from chance : the dust we manage to scrape up is mixed with ash from burned corpses .
and lots of ash , tho .
even though it had been weeks since the bombs hit us , there was still ash floating visibly through the air .
nevertheless , the snow has begun to clean the lingering ash and grit from the skies .
but sir arlinn was dead now , gone to ash , carnage and refuse with the rest of her family .
leaves burned away to drifting ash and the jinn girl lay still as an ordinary tree .
- dr . ellan markav , dean of outland studies time lay in its cradle quietly once upon a day long ago not the song of erris is heard yet voices carried on the wind faintly laughing spring winds come whispering to find that aes lays no longer in her high , heavenly bower but in a mortal wing 's embrace so loving [ chorus : ] two hundred eighty - eight days of light will be desired by a night if you would dare lay claim to the right to ask a gift of the white to every blossom , its season autumn caresses laid to rest the goddess to the sky returned yet from erris , she could not conceal her treason for when the petals fall from the tree the wanton branches swell with fruit carried she within her a new life to the halls of the all - singer with a plea [ chorus ] erris , the first god , burned with anger that his bride had strayed from him for the innocent she carried the rage that tore worlds asunder did waver for the life of her child , aes pleaded for the love in his divine heart erris agreed with his lady but his realm never with mortal blood seeded [ chorus ] in the fullest turning of a year to aes was born a baby boy with hair black as a the deepest night cavain , she called the child , in her eye a tear by the decree of the all - singer cavain descended from the sky to the ring of wild worlds below laden with naught but his long wings and his spear [ chorus ] for his divine blood , cavain was blessed for his mortal blood , cursed to die in the turning of the ages for his numbered year , cavain dared not to rest wings , feet and gates carried him between the worlds that danced around bright aes found other winged sky - dancers sea - eyed nyads , dryads in the forests clean [ chorus ] cavain 's wandering found worlds too wild overgrown and torn by the tides all lives lived in fear of the flame only ashes left behind the fae of fire to his side , cavain called the wild herd to learn the order of the gods to raise great cities of crystal but the pyran would not heed his kindest word [ chorus ] followers of the flame called for war every city reduced to ash cavain raised his banner to them to fight back the flame for all of time , he swore before his spear , the fiery fae fell destructive blazes laid to rest never again to raise a flame cavain 's kingdom ever under peaceful spell [ chorus ] in honor of cavain 's divine call of aes the cloud - veiled sky - dancer white kingdom was named the new land to cavain was given lordship over all seasons turn , as seasons often do the night has passed beyond our sight but to his royal lineage the races of fae still pay their given due for without the gifts of cavain 's line to stream and spire and hill and sky devouring fire would consume all so sing to the raven - manes and i sing mine [ chorus ] [ chorus ] more books by erica lindquist & aron christensen : the reforged trilogy : anvil of tears sword of dreams hammer of time forged : 4 reforged short stories in the house of five dragons fireflies ( a short story collection ) the dead beat ( a short story serial ) volumes 1 - 3 whisperworld hangman 's cross ( forthcoming ) the burning noose ( forthcoming ) my guide to rpg storytelling ( nonfiction ) my storytelling guide companion ( nonfiction ) by aron christensen dbs publishing llc copyright 2015 by dbs publishing llc smashwords edition exiled- the beginning chapter 1 brooke watched the ceiling fan blades circle above her .
grenades were launched , throwing metal and ash into the sky .
it was dirty and her face was smudged with ash .
tumblr : howtoraiseageek.tumblr.com other books by edward t. yeatts iii : lords of kobol book one : apotheosis lords of kobol book two : descent lords of kobol book three : the final exodus lords of kobol book four : tales from ancient days displaced diary of a second life sexcalation the red kick the unseen # 1 , shadow brokers a kingdoms of ash novel by gregory blackman published by gregory blackman at smashwords copyright 2015 gregory blackman all right reserved .
front matter shadow brokers gregory blackman gregory blackmans collection * released or coming soon * the reaper saga : duster and a gun reapers dogma the kingdoms of ash saga : the unseen blood ties tip the scales join gregory blackmans newsletter to receive updates on new ebooks .
and so , the song of ash begins , replied the burned man as his hand slid from dashes face to his secret pocket , with this artifact it shall end on a note most fortuitous to our order .
only those that fly the banner of the unseen will survive the age of ash .
they marched to the center of the city where an ancient massive barren oak tree stood watch in the centre of an expansive park of dirt and ash .
this being was the harbinger of the age of ash , and it d come to claim its stake .
the most energetic eruption was the one at 2.1 million years prior , which produced 2,500 times more ash than the 1980 mount st . helens eruption .
it took moments for the energy to be redirected as the floor of the park cracked , and the ash exploded into the sky .
as the ash cloud exploded from the super volcano that used to be yellowstone national park , it settled and buried the air force base in cement like particles that combined with the steady rain that the ash particles induced from the atmosphere .
as the ash cloud exploded from the super volcano that used to be yellowstone national park , it settled and buried the air force base in cement like particles that combined with the steady rain that the ash particles induced from the atmosphere .
lightning skipped along the ash clouds , highlighting the hellish landscape that used to be the missouri river basin .
the entire great plains was covered in ash a foot deep .
one bullet , one shotgun shell , and you d be consumed by hellfire , nothing left but ash .
however , although they are not plentiful in numbers , they are skilled , so we must fight together and carve a path of ash through the corridors until none remain . ''
they then ran through the main hall , jennie stopping near some piles of ash , which captured her curiosity .
why are they ash ?
seeing numerous vampires on the walls , max started to use low - energy unspoken cantuses to knock vampires down off , working in conjunction with the remaining normals , who were using palladium - tipped arrows to pick off the scattered vampire troops , turning them into little piles of ash .
he then barked out some orders to staffers who continued to clean up the corpses and piles of ash , while donus raced off to coordinate the efforts .
there was a fine layer of ash and soot over her hand .
one moment there was a person and the next there was ash on the wind .
and in bob arctor 's living room his thousand - dollar custom - quality cephscope crafted by altec would , after supposedly being repaired , cast onto the wall in dull gray on one small spot : i know if i just had another hit ... after that they 'd throw the cephscope , damaged beyond repair , and jerry fabin , damaged beyond repair , into the same ash can .
leaping up they saw flames billowing and leaping ; they heard now the crackle of the wood as it heated up , burned , became glowing ash .
again she yielded , and he inspected the charts , the photographs , the ash samples .
he threw his cigar down violently and stamped at it , then picked it up and poked it carefully into the ash vent .
dooley gestured expansively with his cigar and caught the severed ash with his other hand .
waterlogged bits of the fallen ceiling , a slurry of ash and fire - quenching chemicals , pieces of robot left behind by the settlers ' festivities - the place was a mess .
he inverted the pipe itself over the desk 's small ash vacuum and let the powdery white tobacco ash vanish .
he inverted the pipe itself over the desk 's small ash vacuum and let the powdery white tobacco ash vanish .
every so often , the radioactive fission products , the so - called ` ` hot ash , '' were forced by air pressure through leaden pipes to distant caverns ten miles out in the ocean and a half mile below the ocean floor .
i kept my will on the wind , the carved runes on my staff blazing ember - orange , and it spread the flames into the far room in a deadly river of searing light and charred black ash .
and he tasted the blue time itself , ash and corruption on his tongue .
as he grew near , rex felt their minds moving through him , the taste of ash and sour milk coating his tongue .
they were covered with ash and wet leaves , their faces blank with shock .
the lord of outer night somehow managed to scream as fire consumed it , and flung more bursts of magic blindly and in all directions for several more seconds , until it finally fell into blackened ash and ugly smears on the stone .
the entrance to the no - chamber lay concealed beneath an ash pit with a free - standing chimney beside it .
` ` joshua thinks it will make a cement of the ash pit . ''
resting on the edge of the table , mostly ash now , her cigarette burned away .
in the afternoons , when the wind from the point was strongest , i could go outdoors onto the patio and actually see the bits of ash in the air .
in fact , several people in the neighborhood remarked on the unusual concentration of ash in the air near sunset .
diamonds in the morning a fine layer of black ash covered the campsite , and in the distance mukenko was belching great quantities of black smoke .
the real danger from volcanic eruptions was ash and gas .
she picked herself up , and stumbled onward , acutely aware of the humidity and the dense ash and dust ejected by the volcano .
an hour later , on higher ground , they had a final view of the city engulfed with smoke and ash .
the very air became filmy gray ; they coughed and stumbled through a world of black soot and ash .
they were all covered with ash - their packs gritty on their backs , their faces grimy when they wiped them , their hair many shades darker .
dark ash on wings and fuselage made the giant transport look as if it had crashed in black snow .
off one bent wing , a kind of waterfall of ash hissed over the metal down to the ground .
ross took the opportunity to try to transmit on the computer , continuously brushing ash from the video screen , but she could not reach houston .
looking out through the dark ash , they glimpsed dozens of white - painted men , running through the trees , slipping under the wing .
the sky filled with pollutants and ash .
in retrospect , it seemed odd that a vampire known for being able to render herself all but undetectable had lurched out at us from the smoke and ash of her ruined stronghold to be beheaded .
a fireplace rested against one wall , the wood all burned down to black and grey , but i knew it would still be glowing under the ash .
it left ash and black bones raining down behind it .
he says his cousin 's sister in johore hired a sorcerer to cast a spell on him , and he ran off to the orang ash witch doctors for a counter - spell .
he and the thousands of other specials throughout terra , all of them moving toward the ash heap .
with his laser tube , rick systematically burned into blurred ash the book of pictures which he had just a few minutes ago bought luba .
i got a burning ash from my cigarette - there , it 's gone . ''
' he did not know why , except that there were things moving in the settling ash which he could not identify ; he believed they were americans but possibly they were chinese or russians .
stuart opened the piliow case , which was buried up to its throat in the dry ash which had filled the basement ; he stuffed the bills in with the others and tied the pillow case shut again .
the muscle 's grimy coat smelled of ash and animal corruption .
his body turned gray as ash from top to bottom , all details and dimension disappearing so that he looked like a cutout of gray cloth , shimmering and rippling .
especially with the storm of lightning crashing to the ground all around them , singeing the air , making everything smell like copper and ash .
the chair flew back , hit the stone hearth , and tipped into the fire , sending sparks and ash everywhere .
it seemed as if the world itself had stopped spinning , the moon turned to ash , the sun winked out like a spent flame .
grandpa tapped a roll of ash from his cigarette without taking it from his mouth .
so grandpa nodded for both of them and knocked another roll of ash off his cigarette with the side of his thumb .
death , in potentiality , lay inherent in every object ; even the hand - wrought brass ash tray on her desk had become irregular , and in its lack of symmetry it obtained projecting planes , shot out surfaces which , like spines , could tear her open if she was stupid enough to come near .
it trailed sparks , soot , and ash , and when it slammed into a granite cliff side , it hit with such force that an icy rockslide was jarred loose from the mountain 's slope , burying the fetch under incalculable tons of stone .
he 'd lean over , a lock of ash blond hair flopping into his eyes , and he 'd give me the tender , sheepish smile i came to love .
eventually , there 's nothing larger than a meter left of this pirate vessel , just chunks of charred metal and ash .
the powder looks so harmless , but when i sprinkle it on the corpses , they immediately begin to smoke , drying inward into a fine gray ash .
soon there will be nothing left but ash .
it lingers in the air ; people become ash in a white - hot instant .
no buildings stand ; they ' ve been reduced to chunks of stone and ash .
there was a flash of light , an overwhelming scent of ozone and fresh laundry , and a silver denarius rolled away from a mound of ash that fell to the ground without ever getting within three feet of the small form of the archive .
in each town there was a burning - place , fenced off , a kind of rubbish and ash heap , where the fine things that could not be purchased were systematically destroyed .
there were rich deep colors ; the stones themselves were rubbed black with ingrained ash , the upright supports as thick as tree - logs .
the man 's mind shrieked once , and then his physical being dissolved in a heap of incinerated ash .
we can pick over the ash later ; right now we have other things to think about . ''
he saw hot embers and ash floating in the smoky air .
it leaned against the stone hearth , tip white with ash .
` ` the ones of ash and fire , who killed like a swarm , relentless before the heralds . ''
` ` the ones of ash and fire , who killed like a swarm , relentless before the heralds ... '' noted in masly , page 337 .
but then there would be the odd story about a voidbringer taking on the form of a wayward traveler who - after receiving kindness from a tallew farmer - would slaughter the entire family , drink their blood , then write voidish symbols across the walls in black ash .
beings of ash and fire .
roland 's face , neck , and hands were comically smeared with ash .
while they looked , they used their makeshift pot to soak their hides in a dark soup of ash and water .
the good smell of hot chocolate is fading , being replaced by the smell of ash ( wednesday ) and leather .
i believe that one night - early on , this would have been - he came upon one of our fires with live coals still under the ash , and he was able to carry some with him for a few days after that and so have a fire at night .
therefore once she began to draw in the mixed dirt and ash by the campfire , she did it as rapidly as patrick himself might have done , not pausing long enough to cast her eye back upon a single symbol .
body booty from the ash pit .
i took the m16 and hid it behind a tree bordering the path to the ash pit .
` ` the ash pit . ''
` ` where is the ash pit ? ''
it was me , the soldier in the middle , and crisco in the pit of ash and bone .
i was covered head to toe in gray ash .
crap , why had n't i stashed it in the ash pit ?
its fingers trailed through the mounds of ash , flicking it into the air , where it danced fitfully in the golden light .
shot 5 : the ash pit in the foreground .
the green wave roared over my curled - up body at the bottom , carrying along tons of debris , a rocketing mass of trees , dirt , the bodies of birds and squirrels and woodchucks and insects , the contents of the ash pit , shards of the pulverized barracks and storehouse - plywood , concrete , nails , tin - and the first couple of inches of soil in a hundred - yard radius of the blast .
i ' ve seen a dead one up close , the soldier i shot point - blank at the ash pit .
we are lit from within by a fire hotter than the one that turned tank into ash .
back that way the ash pit , and farther back the ravine . ''
his skin was covered with a fine , white ash -- and then he realized that the ash was his skin , or had been : the machine had burned away the outer epithelial layers .
his skin was covered with a fine , white ash -- and then he realized that the ash was his skin , or had been : the machine had burned away the outer epithelial layers .
he proceeded to a shower and washed the ash off .
beyond the captain , ramsey glimpsed a long table strewn with papers , maps , pencils , overflowing ash trays .
his thin chest was a smoking cavity of darkness , crumbling ash that broke loose as the body lay twitching .
the cattlemen 's is still standing - more or less - and so is the two sisters on the east side , but the mercantile will soon join the owl ( formerly the hobart place ) as so much ash in the wind .
the kids on the street called it either the ash factory or the creamery ; they were bitter but helpless , knowing that they themselves would most likely end up being belched out of the stacks and into the city 's air .
he walked to the slim , straight ash , pulling roland 's knife from his belt .
he was left with a fat chunk of ash about nine inches long .
eddie worked slowly and carefully in the firelight , turning the chunk of ash this way and that in his hands , watching the curls of fine - grained wood rise ahead of his long , sure strokes .
eddie held up the chunk of ash .
it was the chunk of ash with the key growing out of it .
old star glowed in the notch of the key , a diamond caught in ash .
a single sliver of ash , so thin it was almost transparent , curled up from the belly of the s - shape at the end of the key .
she tapped the ash off her cigarette .
when he woke up , he was stuart he had absolutely no recollection of ever having been anyone else indeed , he believed he was ten years old , and when he heard a manly voice issuing from his own throat , he was horrified when he discovered he had a grown man 's body , he was speechless with shock dumbfounded he sat in his hospital bed listening to stories of what had been happening to him for the last ten years of course he did not understand french he 'd had a terrible time with it in school and of course he could n't play the piano why , everybody knew he had no musical ability he could not even carry a tune in the next few weeks , he sat staring at the dinner table at his ' enormous ' brothers and sisters , at his now gray - haired father , and at his mother , who could not look at him without bursting into tears telephones and automobiles which hardly existed in 1905 when he had ceased to be stuart startled him endlessly electric lights filled him with insecurity but the keenest source of agony was his own adult body and the ever deepening realization that his childhood and adolescence were now gone without a trace then he began to confront the inevitable problems he was twenty with the emotions and education of a ten - year - old boy he began to gain weight , his color improved , he went riding on the nearby ranches with his old friends tutors were hired to educate him , he read the newspapers and the national magazines by the hour he took long walks during which he practiced moving and thinking like an adult but he lived in a perpetual state of anxiety he was passionately attracted to women , but did not know how to deal with this attraction his feelings were easily hurt as a man he felt hopelessly inadequate at last he began to quarrel with everyone , and discovering that he could drink with impunity , he began to ' hit the bottle ' in the local saloons soon the whole town knew the story some people remembered the first ' go round ' when antoinette had been born others only heard the whole tale in retrospect whatever the case , there was ceaseless talk and though the local paper never , out of deference to the doctor , made mention of this bizarre story , a reporter from dallas , texas , got wind of it from several sources , and without the family 's cooperation , wrote a long article on it which appeared in the sunday edition of a dallas paper in 1915 other papers picked up this story it was eventually forwarded to us in london about two months after it appeared meantime curiosity seekers descended upon stuart a local author wanted to write a novel about him representatives from national magazines rang the front door bell the family was up in arms stuart was once again driven indoors , and sat brooding in the attic room , staring at the treasured possessions of this strange person antoinette , and feeling that ten years of his life had been stolen from him , and he was now a hopeless misfit , driven to antagonizing everyone he knew no doubt the family received a great deal of unwelcome mail on the other hand , communication in that day and age was not what it is now whatever the case , a package from the talamasca reached stuart in late 1916 , containing two well - known books about such cases of ' possession , ' along with a letter from us informing him that we had a good deal of knowledge about such things and would be very glad to talk to him about it , and about others who had experienced the same thing stuart at once fired off a reply he met with our representative louis daly in dallas in the summer of 1917 , and gratefully agreed to go with us to london dr townsend , at first deeply concerned , was finally won over by louis , who assured him that our approach to such things was entirely scholarly , and at last stuart came to us on september 1 , he was received into the order as a novice the following year , and he remained with us from then on his first project of course was a thorough study of his own case , and a study of every other known case of possession on record his conclusion finally , and that of the other talamasca scholars assigned to this area of research , was that he indeed had been possessed by the spirit of a dead woman he believed then and ever after that the spirit of antoinette fielding could have been driven out of him , if anyone knowledgeable had been consulted , even a catholic priest for though the catholic church holds that such cases are purely demonic which we do not there is no doubt that their techniques for exorcising such alien presences do work for the next five years stuart did nothing but investigate past cases of possession the world over he interviewed victims by the dozens , taking voluminous notes he came to the conclusion long held by the talamasca that there are a great variety of entities who engage in possession some may be ghosts , some may be entities who were never human , some may be ' other personalities ' within the host but he remained convinced that antoinette fielding had been a real human being , and that like many such ghosts , she had not known or understood that she was dead in 1920 he went to paris to find evidence of antoinette fielding he was unable to discover anything at all but the few bits of information about the dead louisa fielding did fit with what antoinette had written about her mother time , however , had long ago erased any real trace of these persons and stuart remained forever dissatisfied on this account in late 1920 he resigned himself to the fact that he might never know who antoinette was , and then he turned to active fieldwork on behalf of the talamasca he went out with louis daly to intervene in cases of possession , carrying out with daly a form of exorcism which daly used very effectively to drive such alien presences out of the victim - host daly was very impressed with stuart townsend he became stuart 's mentor , and stuart was throughout these years noted for his compassion , patience , and effectiveness in this field not even daly could comfort the victims afterwards the way stuart could do it after all , stuart had been there stuart knew stuart worked in this field tirelessly until 1929 , reading the file on the mayfair witches only when a busy schedule allowed then he made his plea to the council and won at that point in time , stuart was thirty - five he stood six feet tall , had ash - blond hair and dark gray eyes he was lean of build and had a light complexion he tended to dress elegantly , and was one of those americans who deeply admires english manners and ways of doing things , and aspires to imitate them he was an attractive young man but his greatest appeal to friends and acquaintances was a sort of boyish spontaneity and innocence stuart was really missing ten years of his life , and he never got them back he was capable at times of impetuousness , and of flying off the handle , of getting furious when he encountered even small obstacles to his plans but he controlled this very well when he was in the field , and when he threw a tantrum in the motherhouse he could always be brought round .
then pulling back and glancing away , he tapped off the ash of his cigarette and motioned for another drink .
he tapped the ash into his cupped hand , and then moved slowly away from the table towards the fireplace .
the vesuvius wafer put you on the bay of naples at 7:00 a.m. on august 24 , a.d . 79 , just before burning ash killed everyone .
black ash covered the ground , fell on their faces and shoulders , and thickened the air .
among the empties and bottle caps filled with cigarette ash was a row of precisely arranged remote controls that she rarely touched .
everything the slender thread of mist touched turned instantly to a fine black ash , slicing through him as efficiently as an electric knife through deli meat .
barbie , thinking of the plane and the birds - thinking of that weird black smutch that might have been the plane 's point of impact - also ran into the grazeland , at first sprinting through low , unenthusiastic flames and sending up puffs of black ash .
sure , you ' ve got plenty of wood up there and you do n't need electricity to ignite it and keep it going , but wood produces ash .
the soot and ash had rendered it visible - sort of - to a height of almost a hundred feet .
her cigarette was between her fingers , growing an ash .
a few swirling bits of ash remained - and the smell - but otherwise ... poof .
here is tabby morrell , who owns a lumberyard soon to be reduced to swirling ash , and his wife , bonnie ; toby manning , who clerked at the department store ; trina cole and donnie baribeau ; wendy goldstone with her friend and fellow teacher ellen vanedestine ; bill allnut , who would n't go get the bus , and his wife , sarah , who is screaming for jesus to save her as she watches the oncoming fire .
whirlpools of ash eddy in the radically foreshortened beams of the headlights .
` ` but time burns away behind us , leaving only ash and memory .
broken pots discovered in the ash of an extinct volcano -- evidence of some ancient civilized race ?
no , he 'd be glad to have those three baby knights so much ash in the wind and this place just a memory .
cordelia stood where she was for a moment , irresolute , then went to the door , stopping at the woodbox to pick up a chunk of ash which fitted her hand .
then she jerked the door open , went to the comer of the house , drew in a deep , steadying breath , and went around to the garden side , raising the ash - chunk as she did .
the hand holding the chunk of ash sagged .
a smear of ash stood out on one of her cheeks like a brand .
the smear of ash stood out on her cheek ; in the center of her pale forehead , a single vein pulsed like a worm .
the fire had burned out in the rogues ' club , leaving only a few red embers in a bed of gray ash , and dawn was painting the sky silver .
the chair he sat in was carved from one large block of oakwood , inlaid with ash , with cedar , and with cherrywood .
there were two long golden feathers at the young man 's feet , beneath the ash that had once been a wooden table , and he gathered them up , and brushed the white ash from them and placed them , reverently , inside his jacket .
there were two long golden feathers at the young man 's feet , beneath the ash that had once been a wooden table , and he gathered them up , and brushed the white ash from them and placed them , reverently , inside his jacket .
the windows around us were still coated with a thick layer of dust and ash .
there was no smoke anywhere , nor fire , but i felt ash covering my hands as i rubbed them together .
i was in what must have once been a garden , a path of pebbles and sand ( and ash and glass ... ) moving precisely through the twisted , blackened remains of bushes and trees .
there was no power in the entire base - i could see only by the light filtering in shafts from the holes in the walls and roof , motes of ash and dust stirring frantically as i passed .
the plush chairs and patterned oval rug were nothing but ash and dust .
after a while i stood , brushing the ash off my hands so i could wipe the tears from my face .
the wa 's headquarters was a fetid room with walls the color of nicotine , which was almost certainly what they were coated with , and a floor the color of cigarette ash , which was almost certainly what it was .
beneath the ash and soot that flaked his face , he looked very tired , and very pale , and very scared .
the ash vanished from his suit and his skin .
behinde the eagle 's neste a grate ash hath fallen .
the yellow - green fog became thicker : it tasted of ash , and soot , and the grime of a thousand urban years .
soon the wedding present was nothing but black flakes of ash which danced on the updrafts and were carried away , like a child 's letter to santa claus , up the chimney and off into the night .
he knelt , stared desperately at the floor as if he were trying to find some remnant of the angel i had destroyed , a fragment of ash , or bone , or charred feather , but there was nothing to find .
and i would not close my eyes until the princess was ash , and a gentle wind could scatter her like snow .
the flames shrank to a shining thread that lashed at the smoke then faded into flecks of ash .
leonard 's face was black with ash .
what was inside felt gritty , more like sand than ash .
temeraire said , glaring down upon him ; his eyes were smarting from the smoke and ash flying through the air , ` ` you may well apologize : how dare you have taken laurence away from me , and the crown prince , too , when this is the consequence ?
but the feeling stayed on his tongue : black powder ash and the smell of burning sails , and the roaring torrent .
his own face was half - covered ; only his eyes looked out above the scarf he had wrapped over his nose and mouth : not too incongruous a costume in the city , for there were yet quantities of dust and ash lingering in the air .
the streets of moscow bore little resemblance to the thronged narrow lanes which laurence had seen from aloft , only a month before : now half - deserted , frequented more by rats than men and full of rubble , lined with ruined houses and gardens still choked with ash .
temeraire threw himself forward , roaring , and the buildings , weakened already by fire , began to shatter as the divine wind struck : the center of the walls collapsing inwards and the half - burnt roofs falling after them , until the whole went tumbling forward in a sudden crashing wave of burning tinders , a great blinding rush of orange sparks and ash spraying up , very much as from a fire stuck by a poker and stirred , and buried the guns and the men with them .
my target had become a smoldering pile of ash in seconds .
there was n't even a hint of smoke or ash .
through the smoke , pieces of ash and debris drifted down like falling snow .
the eruption and ash as well as the resulting climate change , reduced the total human population drastically , maybe to as low as 10,000 or even less . ''
twenty feet in , the beach was covered in a thick blanket of ash that stretched to a rocky ridge .
the remaining ash in the atmosphere would fall eventually and the sunlight would return , but by then it would be too late for many of the planet 's inhabitants , including subspecies 8472 .
up ahead she saw a massive cave , surrounded by a rocky area covered in more ash than the beach .
her boots slid against the ash and rock , as if she were walking on glass covered in shredded feathers .
just before she reached the mouth of the cave , she felt something else under her boot , neither ash nor rock .
the emaciated , black corpses blended seamlessly with the rock below them and the ash that had fallen upon them , forming ridges and lumps that looked more like the aboveground roots of a massive tree .
a volcano that blanketed the world with ash would be perfect .
the ash that rained down changed the bacteria residing in the rats - it did n't unleash a pandemic on humans .
at first she thought it was night , but she saw a dim sun directly overhead , struggling to break through the ash that blanketed the clouds .
the blanket of black ash that had covered the land before was gone .
the sky was clear - no traces of ash .
seventy thousand years ago , a supervolcano in present - day indonesia erupted , spewing ash into the sky and causing a volcanic winter that brought your species to the brink of extinction .
none of us start out as ash .
you 're pressing your luck , ash .
` ` anytime , ash . ''
` ` no problem , ash .
` ` that 's plenty tight , ash . ''
` ` better hurry , ash .
` ` over there , ash .
` ` this wo n't be your last meal , ash .
for an endless moment , she felt in perfect harmony with her dogs , with the steel and ash of her sled , with the world around her .
its arm , now charred , crumbled and fell away to ash , but still the burning spread .
the large beast lay unmoving , a sculpture of ash upon the stone floor .
all interest in anything here died to cold ash .
once done , she retrieved her cigarette , knocked off the ash , and lowered its glowing tip toward the metal .
his heart was ash and cinder .
the city lay under three feet of ash .
he spit out his cigar and ground its fiery end into the ash tray .
one of the theories was that a massive volcano or series of volcanoes erupted , casting enough smoke and ash into the upper atmosphere that it caused dramatic climatic shifts .
the insulating layer of ash would have created a greenhouse effect , melting the ice caps and drowning their ravaged lands .
across his chest were slash lines drawn in ash , while under a monkey - tail headband his face had been painted crimson .
aside from being stained with ash and smoke , it stood unharmed .
all three were covered in ash from head to toe .
his slender body had been painted with a mix of ash and meh - nu fruit , staining his skin in a complex pattern of blues and blacks , turning him into a living shadow .
punctuating her statement , her own torch cast a final sputter of fiery ash , then dimmed .
` ` i 'll take a shift , '' kouwe said , emptying his pipe 's bowl of tobacco ash into the water .
a section of roof opened , raining fiery ash into the room .
a section of its roof collapsed with a plume of fiery ash .
still , fiery ash rained over the boat and sizzled into the water .
a flaming book tumbled past her nose , trailing ash .
he flicked away a cigarette with a flash of ash , turned , and crossed briskly to the chopper .
but the violated crypt held nothing but ash and what appeared to be bits of dried leaf and stem .
sailcloth fanned out in swirls of fiery ash , carried by the gusting winds .
a form turned to stone , buried and petrified under hot ash from the ancient eruption of vesuvius .
catalogued and stored in all the drawers and shelves were bits and pieces of saints and martyrs : finger bones , snips of hair , vials of ash , scraps of garments , mummified skin , nail clippings , blood .
bone ash ?
a fresh wash of heat , ash , and flames swept high .
heavy white snowflakes began to sift downward , mixing with a black rain of glowing ash .
out of the ruin , a figure appeared , blackened with ash , but his features were still recognizable .
flakes of burning ash rained down upon the beach and those few who bore witness .
marco glanced up at the two older men , his father and his uncle , framed in fiery ash and smoke against the night sky .
charred flesh , acrid smoke , burning ash .
it had taken eighteen months , under the care and expertise of a score of artisans and art historians , to painstakingly reclaim the room 's frescoes from soot and ash .
their faces had been painted with oil and ash , turning their countenances pitch - black .
his legs and feet were bare , painted with grease and ash , too .
he was greased and daubed in ash , too .
her face greased with ash to hide her glow , susan sat on a boulder , buried in the jungle , not far from the lagoon .
down in the garden , he noted a flicker of red ash .
its hindquarters dropped into a fiery pit , casting up a swirl of flames and burning ash .
whole sections were now collapsing into the burning bog , either knocked to the ground as their roots were burned away or felled by their sheer weight as the ground itself turned to fiery ash .
the geyser had returned - but rather than steam and water , a jetting column of boiling mud and fiery rock now bubbled and splashed from the hole , heavily obscured by a churning cloud of smoke and ash .
one sailed past overhead , raining flaming ash .
worst of all , the world to the right of the jeep ended at a towering wall of smoky fire , a witch 's cauldron of ash and rock .
smoke swirled more fiercely while a cloud of fine hot ash began to rain out of the sky , sizzling into the water , stinging any exposed skin .
flakes of ash began to fall more heavily , drifting like fiery snow , beginning to cover the water in a fine layer .
` ` out of this ash cloud .
the boat trudged away from the blasted island , slowly drawing clear of the ash cloud .
he pictured the storm of flaming cinders and swirling clouds of burning ash , setting fire to the world , turning day to night .
in the end , the ash field covered eight hundred square miles .
had it been destroyed , buried under ash and lava ?
the last eruption left most of the continent covered in ash .
within minutes , a hundred thousand people would be buried by ash , incinerated by superheated pyroclastic flows , or killed by the explosive force alone .
estimates say it would cover two - thirds of the country in at least a meter of ash , rendering the land sterile and uninhabitable .
but worst of all , the ash blown into the atmosphere would dim the sun and drop the earth 's temperature by twenty degrees , triggering a volcanic winter that could last decades , if not centuries . ''
even now , he watched the woman 's clothing on the side closest to the blast begin to lose color and drift down in flakes of fine ash .
around it , ash pits marked old bonfires .
with a roar of its engines , the helicopter slowly rose from the ruins of the camp , stirring smoke and ash , leaving the horrors below .
a rain of fiery ash ignited the fumes first , then the pool of oil and gasoline .
` ` yeah , it really was , '' he replied , a vision in his head of nuclear fire tearing apart the montana farmhouse he 'd grown up in , his family blowing into ash .
all that would be left would be ash and the burned trunks of some of the larger pines .
we burned an infected plant to a fine ash - and at first it seemed to work , but after it cooled , it remained just as infectious .
again , the other islands vanished under a massive wall of water and then the spreading clouds of steam and ash .
the sky was darkening to the color of damp ash , and the rain was becoming heavier .
then the remnants of her black robes deteriorated , and her body aged until she dissolved into a cloud of dust and ash .
particles of ash swirled loosely in their midst , but refused to coalesce .
the fairies released one another , and the ash dissipated .
` ` i ' m worried about ash . ''
vedenar , one of the great cities of the world , was now little more than a heap of rubble and ash .
the ash was even .
blew away the ash column until there was just the blazing tapered tip .
look - the last scrap of your manuscript has become a flake of ash floating above the fireplace .
rebecca became her father 's apprentice and eventually took over editorial duties at burning leaves , although not until my gallery had turned to dust and ash .
sometimes , as we stared at the smoldering remains of a grocery store , the clerks reduced to red ash , the stench unbearable , i wondered if i was n't trying to kill myself all over again .
buildings reduced to purple ash .
polgara 's volcano was still belching smoke and ash high into the air , where they mingled with the pervading overcast to cause a sullen kind of gloom .
the heavy pall of smoke and ash began to subside as evening drew on , but the prevailing gloom of thick overcast remained .
in a few moments , a small curl of orange flame was licking up through the little peaked roof of splinters he had built on the bed of ash in the fireplace .
there was a thick layer of ash covering the bottom of the gorge , stirred occasionally by the vagrant breeze .
some of them just spew out ash instead of liquid rock . '
each sunrise seemed to be smeared with blood as the fire mountains continued to belch forth smoke and ash , and a perpetual gloom hung over the village of lattash .
red - beard tried to avoid looking at the towering cloud of smoke and ash spouting up out of the twin volcanos that blotted out most of the eastern sky , but he ruefully realized that he was n't going to make it go away by not looking at it .
the princess wore a short , pale - green dryad tunic , and there was a smudge of ash on one of her cheeks .
` ` it put ash down an inch deep all over nyissa . ''
` ` probably the same one that erupted last summer and dropped all the ash on sthiss tor . ''
that volcano out there is erupting again , and the wind 's blowing the ash this way . ''
` ` if that ash is anything like what it was in nyissa , we 're going to be wandering blind out here , belgarath , '' barak said .
then the first specks of drifting ash began to settle down through the icy air , as belgarath led them down off the ridge and out onto the sand flats .
they rode on , their faces muffled to keep the choking ash out of their mouths and noses .
the ash was still falling the next morning , but the sky was no longer the inky black it had been the day before .
the ash continued to settle as they rode through the afternoon , obscuring less and less with each passing mile .
as the settling ash thinned even more , the peak began to emerge from the haze .
the sun , sinking into the banks of cloud and ash along the jagged western rim of the wasteland , bathed the grim fortress above them in a sotty crimson glow .
the ash began to fall more heavily .
the ash continued to drift down , seeping into the cracks between the cobblestones and gathering in little windrows along the edges of the buildings .
though it was growing lighter , the falling ash , like fog , blotted out everything more than ten feet away .
crowds of nyissans , shrieking and wailing , were trying to climb into boats to flee from the choking ash that sifted with deadly silence down through the damp air .
this ash will settle after a while , but these people are going to be hysterical until it does .
it had grown noticeably lighter when he came back up , dressed again in tunic and hose , but the gray ash still sifted down through the motionless air , making the world around them hazy and coating everything with a heavy layer of fine grit .
the ash puffed from under her fingers in tiny clouds .
he turned then to stare moodily out at the river and the drifting ash .
the settling ash , so light that it coated the muddy surface of the river , made everything more than twenty paces away indistinct .
his face was covered with gray ash , and tiny rivulets of sweat streaked his cheeks .
he pushed back his hood and shook the floury ash out of his cloak .
chalky ash on brim of hat - rode the underground train from gatfield station .
and then he exploded in a poof of foul - smelling ash .
it 's undead ash .
he 's gone and will never bother anyone again , '' i announced , brushing the last bit of vampire ash off my arm .
miss stoker to kick some ash by the time florence and i got home from willa 's house and i pretended to go to bed , it was nearly ten .
the vampire froze , his eyes burning coals and his fangs extended in an open mouth ... then he exploded into ash .
i dusted ash off my arm as he glanced over me in the dim light .
robby screamed , high and terrified ... then exploded into ash .
he burst into ash as another one screamed and reared away .
the air was heavy with the stink of evil and death , along with foul ash .
he sat and stared at the charred wood and sooty ash .
one shadow was dark as ash , with the terrible face of a hound .
she saw his heart burning through his chest , and in an instant he was gone , consumed like a moth by a candle , turned to ash .
flakes of ash drifted upward from a brazier , and dany followed them with her eyes through the smoke hole above .
she should weep , she knew , yet her eyes were dry as ash .
bits of burning wood slid down at her , and dany was showered with ash and cinders .
she was naked , covered with soot , her clothes turned to ash , her beautiful hair all crisped away ... yet she was unhurt .
the head fell off the smith with a puff of ash and embers .
it was half - buried in ash and bits of bone .
he tossed the skull back into the mouth of the tree , where it landed with a puff of fine ash .
the imp told the queen that stannis had better train his horses to eat ash , since he would find no blade of grass .
between tyrion and lord stannis , everything i eat tastes of ash .
he led them through the guttering fires and the soot and ash of the riverfront , pounding down a long stone quay with his own men and ser balon 's behind him .
the country is ash , the villages given over to wolves , the harvest burnt or stolen .
the smoke and ash clouded his eyes , and in the sky he saw a great winged snake whose roar was a river of flame .
the only traffic was the flat - bottomed ferry that took them across the river , and when they reached the kingswood they found a wilderness of ash and charcoal and dead trees .
by the time errok 's four had joined them , nothing remained of jarl and his team but bone and ash .
` ` leave claw isle a desolation of ash and bone , fit only for carrion crows , so the realm might see the fate of those who bed with lannisters . ''
the chimney was drawing strongly , and bits of ash were rising from the fire .
sometimes i think i was born on the bloody grass in that grove of ash , with the taste of fire in my mouth and a hole in my chest .
and his hair was a pale blond , more ash than honey .
yet in the center of what once would have been the castle 's yard , a great carved sepulcher still rested , half hidden in waist - high brown grass amongst a stand of ash .
his own crown consumed his flesh and turned him into ash .
the air was full of ash and ice crystals .
the fireplace was full of hot ash , and a black log with a hot orange heart burning within .
the head was on a shaft of mountain ash six feet long , so she could not go around .
the ash felt as smooth as a woman 's skin against his palm .
he smelled of ash , but the morning sun was in his hair , giving it a golden glow .
four labored in the traces as the other two walked beside the wheels , but when they heard the sound of horses they formed up around the wagon with quarterstaffs of ash at the ready .
qyburn was old , but his hair still had more ash than snow in it , and the laugh lines around his mouth made him look like some little girl 's favorite grandfather .
mance will be ash and bone by then , so she will claim his son for the fire , and stannis will not deny her .
smoke and drifting ash still lingered in the air about the pit as jon trotted back to the gate .
` ` risk is part of war , '' declared ser richard horpe , a lean knight with a ravaged face whose quilted doublet showed three death's - head moths on a field of ash and bone .
clan champions fight with huge two - handed greatswords , while the common men sling stones and batter one another with staffs of mountain ash .
whoever had carved up the ash had eluded his sentries , plainly .
a series of hard frosts had killed the crops they 'd planted afterward , leaving only mud and ash and wilted , rotting stalks .
ash and bone is astapor , and ash and bone its people .
a girl as grey as ash , and even as i watched she crumbled and blew away .
r'hllor spoke to his chosen ones through blessed fire , in a language of ash and cinder and twisting flame that only a god could truly grasp .
the spears were eight feet long and made of ash .
it was written that on the day of doom every hill for five hundred miles had split asunder to fill the air with ash and smoke and fire , blazes so hot and hungry that even the dragons in the sky were engulfed and consumed .
bran and meera made up names for those who sang the song of earth : ash and leaf and scales , black knife and snowylocks and coals .
your city is gone to ash and bone , your people are dying all around you .
chapter thirty - five the prince of winterfell the hearth was caked with cold black ash , the room unheated but for candles .
under the snow lay grey ash and cinders , and here and there a blackened beam or a pile of bones adorned with scraps of skin and hair .
the bones on the floor of the pit were deeper than the last time she had been down here , and the walls and floors were black and grey , more ash than brick .
red winds out of valyria that smelled of ash and brimstone , and black winds that drove us toward that blighted shore .
when the fires guttered out and only ash and cinders remained , he would have sent his men in to find the bones of robert baratheon .
griff had let his beard grow out during the voyage , for the first time in many years , and to his surprise it had come in mostly red , though here and there ash showed amidst the fire .
over his armor of plate and mail ser richard wore his quilted doublet , blazoned with three death's - head moths on a field of ash and bone .
a wash of sudden heat assaulted them , heavy with the odors of ash , brimstone , and burnt meat .
bricks burned black , crumbling into ash .
a trickle of ash caught his eye , betraying movement .
more ash went drifting downward , and a bit of crumbling brick fell away .
his flame lit the pit , pale gold shot through with red and orange , and the stale air exploded in a cloud of hot ash and sulfur as the white wings beat and beat again .
and then a hot wind buffeted him and he heard the sound of leathern wings and the air was full of ash and cinders and a monstrous roar went echoing off the scorched and blackened bricks and he could hear his friends shouting wildly .
the air smelled of ash , every rock and tree in sight was scorched and blackened , the ground strewn with burned and broken bones , yet it had been home to him .
black ash and dying embers were all that remained of the hearthfire .
sometimes the earth trembles so much that fine dust rains down on us from the underground bunker 's ceiling , coating lines of evacuees with gray ash as they hurry onto the waiting trains .
when i open my eyes and look down , the entire street is completely covered in ash and dust .
i look desperately around us , my vision blurred with tears , and everything is a smear of blood and smoke , light and ash , and all i can hear is screaming and gunfire and hatred , and i am so tired of the fighting , so frustrated , angry , helpless .
a few are ash and ruins , some with just one wall left , pointing upward like a broken monument .
84 covered in ash and dust , five gray ghosts occupying the woods at dawn .
the last bit of charcoal fell onto the planks , hitting as quietly as a drift of ash .
some blocks are nothing more than ash and rubble , others still have husks of brick , their roofs and doors gone .
he thinks he can see where his memory tells him it should be , but amongst all the ash and burnt timber and blasted concrete , it could also just be his imagination trying to make it be there .
it 's not just dust - it 's ash , dropped from whatever this huge fire was and never cleaned away .
he kicks up clumps of ash into the air , some of it drying now in the sun and making a trailing cloud .
29 he stops so suddenly he falls , burying his hands in inches of ash .
it 's going slowly , heading off into the distance , kicking up a low cloud of ash behind it , but there it is , solid as the world .
it 's far enough away that it shimmers in the heat rising from the drying ash , but it definitely stops .
behind him , seth can see a bike discarded in the ash at the front of the burnt - out building .
seth hears footsteps , crunching across the ash .
it stops once more , looking at the disturbances in the ash , disturbances that seth is sure will lead it right to them .
32 regine 's bike kicks up clumps of drying ash as she goes .
the bicycle tracks in the ash are parallel to seth 's footprints on the journey out .
even the ash and dust do n't seem to be sticking to it .
without stopping to think , seth veers hard to the right , sending up a wave of ash and turning back the way he came .
seth makes another hard turn in the ash .
she picks a bit of ash off her tongue and asks him , deceptively simply , ` ` where were you running to this morning ? ''
and as he looks out into the sun over the ash of the burnt - out neighborhood , he 's surprised - though maybe not so much - that a possibility is forming in his mind .
the bridge is still attached at their end and it slaps the facing cliff but it 's burning so fierce it wo n't be no time at all before the whole thing is just ash .
the buildings , eight or ten of them , are charcoal and ash and there ai n't a whisper of noise nowhere .
he yells- and this is so completely something the mayor would never say i spin round to look at him- but his eyes are on the falls- and i look , too- and- and- holy god- an expanding arc of fire is racing out from the ledge- the spackle have fired every single bow- dozens of ' em- dozens of 'em that 'll reduce the army to nothing but ash and bodies- ` ` come on ! ''
back at the camp they combined the reeking mixture with water and ash , melting it together slowly over coals into a sticky , liquid mass .
devil threw the ashtray against the wall , spreading ash and cigarette butts all over .
do nt be that way , ash .
as i was saying , rachel continues , ashleys parents said they d pay for ash to go on the trip with heather , but heather was nt up for it .
palva guessed that he must have been thinking to himself as he was washing the blood and ash out of his fur .
very sorry , i did nt recognize his scent as it had always been smothered by the tang of ash .
or a stale blanket of ash ?
pulsing , red fire ; arwena screaming to the dark night skies ; dried , dead crackling forest ; and the deer arwena , kiala , misari , all of them , all of them devoured and disintegrated into ash before his eyes ; he was spared .
alanki watched with horror as fangs white and sharp as the crescent moon tore their thin , dusty pelts as they were made of nothing more than clouds of ash .
taffy eye burns the long path of surrounding limestone covered in white ash from the fiery fusion along the ceiling as her eyeballs drift to the middle level of yellow composed of the mixed cow spit and white ash then her eyelashes trail the pretty pink running along the bottom of the cave floor as she questions while holding baycliffs hand .
one of the healthy just fine lovingly five trees brilliantly explodes into a pretty combo of red , blue , and yellow fiery red ash with a red maser uses a third degree level to burn a living life form to death .
wissa , ash words between his pink tongue and white molars then chuckles lightly and neck snaps his skull to josh , strolling between him and drake towards the classroom , expressing .
her daddys one of them active arresting captains on the homewood police forceand carries a great big gun for fun and stuff . , he chuckles while ash presents duck lips , ugly pondering these interesting life threatening facts .
and do nt tease ash , he believes ya .
drake reaches for the dark liquid of the coca - cola while ash grabs the mountain dew bottle of soda , staring his eyeballs scary at the yellow liquid like a poison ivy rash .
josh inquires then swallows the rest of the second dew and disgustingly burps his encore as ash chuckles after the showcase performance .
in egypt , ash educates , neck snapping his face along with joshs skull at the doorway for a look - see at drakes overt admirer .
good way to put it , ash .
i gots first pick of venus girlshot bodes and lush lips , ash requests then laughs wildly .
josh flips his face to ash and wrinkles his forehead , ugly while he reprimands his southern hick buddy .
josh stops writing with his ink pen then chin whips his face at ash , viciously attacking like an eagle at its prey .
ash cuts his green pupils to josh , questioning with a fatherly tone .
drake sadly expresses , staring at ash .
ash twists his pink lips , left , shaking his light brown cropped hair side to side and narrows his eyelids as his emerald green eyes peek - a - boo between the pink folds , repeating one of the three titles offered by josh .
on each visit to the hatem manor , ash seeks out his other maternal mama as myra gives him a loving light peck onto his right cheekbone within the teddy bear hug to her beautifully tender - hearted pseudo teenager son .
ash gently drops myra to the floor when she soldierly pivots towards the kitchen to finish her nanny duties for the evening before leaving drake alone at bedtime as ash gently lopes likes a tall giraffe , towering his neck and skull above myras skull , and following her into the kitchen as she rudely finger points at the large square tray filled with an assortment of short and tall bottles of chilled beverages and a variety of vertical and horizontal piles of sinful snack goodies for the boys to eat while they start their high school project .
myra slowly spins her body to ash for the new set of nightly instructions for the mischievous litter of coon puppies alone inside the empty house with an outside detail of armed and well - paid bodyguards stationed at the guard house which is parallel to the entrance street of the hatem private driveway while ash tries really hard but voices in a series of poor spanish words .
grace us ... bono ... it fimanno myra giggles with a girly tone and quickly cups her right hand over her open wiggling lips to silent her loud noise and disguise her improper gesture then slowly removes her hand and smiles sweetly at ash .
graciasnow you repeat that word back to me , ash .
ash slurs with his big thick pink tongue coupled with his slo mo cowboy southern draw as myra giggles with a girly tone then quickly covers her curled lips with five finger pads while ash humorously adds in his poor spanish mixed with his good american tone .
myra easily guesses , smiling brightly and flipping her hand back and forth for a good job signal as ash nods his skull , once in silent acceptance .
ash voices in funny baritone trombone , ending with his goofy grin of both love and contentment to myra then he places all his funky sounds together , voicing .
you re a sweet boy , ash but never , ever speak a different language .
she chuckles , moving to gather her purse and car keys from the side table for her trip back home to her house four streets to the west of the hatem manor as ash spins his body around to face myra with a pair of twisted pink lips , ugly .
snack time , ash calls , parking the heavy tray on top of the four - chaired pub table that locates on the east wall of the master bedroom then loudly pops open the new chilled can of dr . pepper then nosily rips the wrapping paper of the nutritious chocolate and peanut butter power bar down the middle .
josh neck snaps his skull at ash , sneering like a junk yard dog and threats .
i do nt stealany thingfrom any oneat any time , ash .
drake slices a set of brown eyes at ash and yelps like a mama dog .
the dress shirts josh chuckles then flips his face towards ash , updating .
josh swiftly punts then eye ball matches with ash .
he demos the conceptual event with rocketing his hands together then separating his finger pads like an exploding missile in the air as ash and josh ignore his silly banter .
josh neck snaps his skull at ash then growls like a wounded animal and violently reprimands .
see , ya the luckiest son of the gun on the planetya do nt need luck ash , drake does .
josh thrusts his arms into the air like a football touchdown then chuckles along with ash .
while josh reads the paper then ash chuckles and drake twists his lips , ugly while shaking his skull side to side disobeying all the presented decisions by ash .
while josh reads the paper then ash chuckles and drake twists his lips , ugly while shaking his skull side to side disobeying all the presented decisions by ash .
drake spits , more hostile - like with biceps folded over his t - shirt , not obeying any commands from silly ash and strange josh .
well , there s , drake slowly starts , dropping his jaw line as both eyeballs from drake and ash meet each other faces then they shout in baritone .
drake meekly remarks and winks his eyelid , right at ash as ash chuckles like a clown and smiles along with drake .
drake meekly remarks and winks his eyelid , right at ash as ash chuckles like a clown and smiles along with drake .
drake roller balls his pupils deeply into the rear of his skull as ash eye burns josh , annoy more for fun .
he neck snaps his skull at ash , complimenting bitterly .
drake realizes from ashs bold comments that this is only pure entertainment purposes for joshs benefit since he has went to the trouble of setting up the stupid something ritual thing as drake winks his eyelid , right at ash then ash chuckles as they both kneecap their bodies on the ream of the carpet next to each other .
drake realizes from ashs bold comments that this is only pure entertainment purposes for joshs benefit since he has went to the trouble of setting up the stupid something ritual thing as drake winks his eyelid , right at ash then ash chuckles as they both kneecap their bodies on the ream of the carpet next to each other .
plan b ash .
josh quickly hollers , swiftly grabbing drakes left bicep with his ten finger pads as ash viciously attacks with both his hands upon drakes right bicep then they , three violently twist , and turn for three second then successfully spin drake flat upon his back muscles .
drake finishes reading the last sentence on the paper then josh blows out in three individual heavy puffs each burning candle on the wooden floor as ash roars like an african jungle lion with baritone trombone laughter , moving off drakes legs .
last thing he needs is a sick and sneezing bathing beauty since he plans to collect on that thank you promise after a proper introduction and probably some food.tomorrow as drake grunts like a wounded animal pondering that ash and josh ai nt going to believe this beautiful day dream .
during the nightly stayovers of ash and josh at hatem manor , josh usually wins the brotherly competition since ash is the more kinder southern gentleman allowing josh the shallow victory as drake snorts like a wild boar .
during the nightly stayovers of ash and josh at hatem manor , josh usually wins the brotherly competition since ash is the more kinder southern gentleman allowing josh the shallow victory as drake snorts like a wild boar .
you can meet ash and joshfirstthing .
and that s easy to dance.with meonly with me , not with josh or ash .
drake diligently searches with his eyeballs for the source ( s ) of the isolated whistles , wrinkling his forehead while screwing his eyebrows , ugly then eye burns the male line - up in the last row along the rear wall where he usually seats between ash and josh with the other athletic players from either the defensive or offensive football team , taking mental brain notes then sneers like a wild jungle tiger at the winking the males eyelids and bobbing skulls who visually attack mella .
mella slides into the first row , third seat while drake finger points at the reading assignment in the book , whispering softly into her left eardrum then soldierly stands and pivots towards the rear wall , strutting , manly down the aisle between josh and ash , grinning with a wicked smile .
josh bolts like a colt from his rear seat equaling the long leg strides with ash , galloping towards the front of the room like a pair of thoroughbred horses for the first place trophy and watching mella exit her seat and travel towards the archway .
this is the last academic class for the day before the last period of football practice for drake , josh , and ash while drake decides that hell drive mella home , first and then arrive to his easy football workout , late since this is homecoming week .
drake swiftly counters , shoving josh from him and mella into ash as ash chuckles like a clown then halts joshs inertia which was heading towards the set of metal lockers .
drake swiftly counters , shoving josh from him and mella into ash as ash chuckles like a clown then halts joshs inertia which was heading towards the set of metal lockers .
drake neck snaps his skull and eye burns grinning ash and drooling josh , quickly .
shut up , ash .
he laughs with a hardy tone , elbowing his pointy bone at ashs rib cage as ash sniggers like a weasel .
shut it , ash .
drake shouts at ash as he eye burns josh with his slanted eyelids that means drakes does nt need any more vocal advice as josh and ash howl with forest wolf laughter .
josh smart - asses then chuckles like a clown along with ash as drake observes and hears along with mella and the squad of majorettes .
josh adjusts then chuckles like a clown along with ash .
josh honestly confesses , bobbing his skull up and down like a pony along with ash as drake stares and hears the stupid teen word exchange .
drake follows by his good pals ash and josh , stomping nosily in cowboy boots to lissa as eyeballs search walls , flooring and open doors then smart - asses .
ash yells as drake shoots off like a rocket space from the band room , sprinting on his footballs while he powerfully shoves the students parked at set of double doors of the schools auditorium .
drake fights hard with his assailant as his cotton t - shirt stretches taunt then rips ugly in half down his throat to his belly button , exposing his naked muscular chest and eight - tightly packed abs to the wildly cheering crowds as josh laughs with a hardy tone and ash rudely finger points rudely and chuckles like a silly clown .
lissa finishes then gracefully pirouettes , dashing towards the academic classrooms inside the school campus with drake , ash , and josh running on the heels of her indigo blue sneakers .
mella swiftly gallops to her hero , eye burning his bruised cheekbone and split lip then she switches places with ash and closetly hugs drakes body , tenderly caressing his aching neck muscles with both her warm finger pads .
josh commands , covering his bacon stripsthe last ones fixed by drake with a range of thick spread eagle left finger pads from selfish ash .
josh folds all three fat pieces of meat and fat , then gobbles like a turkey the meat down his esophagus , chewing viciously and quickly swallows the massive hunk of meat then violently coughs as drake laughs and ash frowns then josh viciously coughs for air , holding both hands to his throat as ash laughs his ass off at goofy josh .
josh folds all three fat pieces of meat and fat , then gobbles like a turkey the meat down his esophagus , chewing viciously and quickly swallows the massive hunk of meat then violently coughs as drake laughs and ash frowns then josh viciously coughs for air , holding both hands to his throat as ash laughs his ass off at goofy josh .
look buddy , no bad memories except ash comforts .
drake smiles at josh then neck snaps his skull at ash , clarifying .
quit school , why would ya ash dumps with pained sorrow .
eat that , ash !
not right , ash .
tinkling the tumblers with ash and josh .
drake words and smiles , leaning his body against the frame as ash and josh flank him and stare at the beautiful girl .
ash teases as josh reaches around drake then slams his folded fist into ashs left bicep as ash chuckles like a silly clown .
ash teases as josh reaches around drake then slams his folded fist into ashs left bicep as ash chuckles like a silly clown .
you do nt seem to be spent much time with josh and ash .
angels disappear two by twos and singles as colorful feathers descend and burn into a soft ash of yellow dust before touching the flooring .
finally the demon exploded into black ash , leaving nothing but the smell of sulfur and a dying screech that rang in zoeys ears .
black ash rained down , and plumes of smoke and steam rose from the burning ground .
haven saw her own hands , but they were masculine hands , rokus hands , shaking from exhaustion , covered in ash and blood .
just before he hit the ground , he released most of his stored energy downward with a quick burst that took the form of a shockwave , pushing ash away in all directions and negating the momentum of his fall .
they were still on the bed of the truck , coughing and brushing ash from their clothes and hair .
the ash fell from the pipe onto the surface of the rich mahogany desk .
~ ~ ~ chapter fifteen a saying was carved into the blonde ash arch over trepolpens fortified gate .
and the old woman and the daughters were all ash and stains on the ground ... ~ ~ ~ ... sarah came to on the boat deck , blinking and staring as ossen steered the boat downriver past the temple without stopping , leaving the ancient , empty structure behind .
it tasted like fire , the embers of the flame or the burning ash of the smoldering remains mixed with honey .
` ` darrin calls me ash . ''
` ` sorry ash ...
she still lacked the control over using her protective powers versus killing powers , and before kira knew it , john had collapsed into a pile of flaming ash .
his eyes were closed , and the normal healthy tanned glow of his skin had been replaced by the ash gray now covering his body .
then i realize i am covered in ash .
the head was a small - planets molten core , the features formed from broken layers of shifting , blackened ash .
unless you counted the small pile of black ash that had collected in one of the furrows .
i wo nt let you turn our world into ash because of your vendetta .
until a few minutes later nothing remains except the swirling ash of the monsters returning to the underworld .
and with that talis faded into ash returning to the underworld himself .
the elementums emerged from the dense ash , traveling across the face of the earth in waves , spreading life in their wake until the planet was , once again , covered in beautiful existence .
no evidence of oxidation , no smoke residue , and no ash residue .
a great volcano exploded and fire and ash flew over nodlon , and everythin burned .
quickly , the pile of ash and only slightly burned logs seemed to age right before his eyes .
then , when the ash was left , they burned it again until there was only a fine powder left .
my mouth was still in an ash dry state of being , and i was denied water to drink .
suddenly , the sleeping beast snorted , showering him in a disgusting cloud of ash .
he speaks of ash as though he s christ .
answer me , ash !
no , ash , you stay here for now , please , zachary says to him , then switches back to me .
the moment he is finally stretched out in front of the lord flame bursts around the werewolf turning him into ash in seconds .
jaris says calmly watching the last of the ash float away in the wind , slowly he turns afterward to look at the eagle right outside the barrier but before he can inspect it further the eagle also lights on fire burning to ash .
she was sweating , bits of ash from the fire clinging to her reddish - brown hair .
the knife was under a small pile of ash from the injured vampire .
kioshi watched as the end burned redder as his fathers inhaling intensified , the ash tail growing longer .
when darmik got closer , he saw that the girl was filthy , her face smeared with black ash , dress torn , and bare feet caked with dirt .
the rice and vegetables had tasted like ash , but i had the distinct impression it was nt because of his wifes cooking skills , more that my body had already begun to change .
i looked around and said , i think it tastes like ash .
all food tasted like ash since christopher bit me .
large boulders lay broken and powdery , making the bleeding bodies appear covered in ash .
all he saw was a lot of empty beer bottles littering the kitchen counter and a whole bunch of cigarette butts in the ash tray .
her hand shakes so badly ash from the cigarette flies into the air before spilling across the floor .
the back of her throat went dry as if she had inhaled ash and she began to grasp for breath at the sensation .
the dust landed on the creatures like ash .
her voice was like hot ash to my insides .
she held it above her head , and before anyone could reach her , she was gone , melting into the ground with a puff of silver ash .
jack tossed the letter into the flames , and we watched it until it was ash .
first burning them , and then covering the smoldering pile of bone and ash with dirt .
you were so good tonight , she said , completely forgetting about ash .
preston worthington sent ash to see addison last night .
the night before gage scattered we were at a club andwell i saw ash there .
i ca nt believe they sent ash after her .
jax made a move toward ash , but juliette held him back .
i swear , ill ash raised his hand in tanners direction without taking his eyes off addy .
where s ash and preston ?
eva glanced over at preston and ash , who were making their way through the crowded ballroom .
preston and ash were closing in , but it looked like ash was running out of power and it was taking more effort to reach them .
preston and ash were closing in , but it looked like ash was running out of power and it was taking more effort to reach them .
tanner pointed impatiently toward ash and preston .
morgan and i are off to find the doctor for more information before we call ash and aidan .
maybe it was a blessing he never knew about ash and aidan .
dru and aunt morgan are at the airport picking up ash and aidan , while the rest of us are here with pap .
i often wonder what their abilities would be if aunt morgan had nt bound their powers , as i m sure they re just as cool as ash and aidan themselves .
* * * hours later , we go home to help ash and aidan unpack , but i find it difficult to pay attention to the conversations going on around me .
gram places us at the table , but she s kind enough to put hunter close to ash and aidan , while dru remains as far away as possible .
everyone but ash and aidan move into the living room .
after everything you ve done to her , do nt you dare blame her because you did nt know the truth , ash exclaims , defending his mother in a frigid , protective tone .
that was ash and aidans father who nearly plowed you over .
as sudden pangs of hope go coursing through my veins , i realize how free we are with our discussion in front of ash and aidan .
dru turns to ash and aidan , both nodding their heads with the same childlike enthusiasm .
aidan is the teleporter , or traveler as they called it back then , and ash is the conjurer .
and its because of mr . russo that our mother had a broken heart for twenty - one years , so he deserves whatever comes his way , ash throws in , very matter of fact .
as far as morgan , ash , and aidan go , i ve never been around you when you ve used your power , but i know its there .
so that just leaves us with ash and aidan .
you see a magician with ash because he s a conjurer .
it was nt enough to win , but i was able to link - in with ash to change two of my cards .
she pushed herself through the ash and smoke , squinting at what she could she so far .
she was nt expecting it to come so fastshe was thrown bodily back a good few feet , smearing herself in ash as she landed .
i get to see my brother , ash , today , holly squealed with excitement .
and then they introduced us to a few of their friends river , ash , clay and oh , what was that other ones name ?
she looked back at ash and mouthed , i knew it .
i looked up to see holly and ash standing near me , their parents were at their side .
holly , willow , ash , and clay were across from them .
lily is in armory , clay is in information , and ash is in peace keeping .
lily has an influential father , clay is crazy smart , and ash is a twin .
he d be an excellent peace keeper , much better than ash .
the first creature my sword slid into turned into ash , and i was so taken by surprise i almost dropped it and ran .
layers and layers of ash .
i tried to call for help , but my lungs were caked in bitter stinging sand and ash .
-- < > < > -- the chaos that had happened years before was all too apparent as grace kicked her feet through the ash of what had once been one of the uks biggest shopping centres .
the floor was covered in ash , rubble and dirt that had blown its way in from outside .
a damp smell , coupled with the sight of ash and debris made me feel sick again .
one false move and ill crumble , decay into ash , and blow away in the wind .
i am going to kill you flynn jenners , for your disloyalty after i made you everything you are today , but not before i make you watch as ash kills your precious innocents pet .
chris taps the ash off his cigarette , ` ` he 's aready in it .
looking over the two small bundles of ash and elder twigs , the paper packet , the stone bowl , and something that looked like a crude artists brush , it was hard to believe that these simple items could ward off something like a vampire .
seconds later the ash outline of my hand sank into the steel and vanished .
with a stab of longing , she realised the person she really wanted was ash .
how are things with ash ?
with ash .
the only trouble was ash had spent so much time looking after his mother , it seemed the only way he knew how to relate to the female of the species was by taking care of them .
soundlessly , itzy followed ash up the stairs to his room - the place where the magic happens , he d once joked , even though nothing close to the euphemistic magic had ever occurred between them .
her head was flooded with memories - of the beginning - of all those sweet moments when he was her ash - and finally , of how it had all ended .
when she finished , ash stared at her in amazement .
shed never known ash in any personal way .
perhaps they had always been meant to come together , and itzy had just been a detour , the obstacle that needed to be overcome in order to get ash to the person he could truly be himself with .
then she pivoted on her heels and left ash to talk to his girlfriend .
where ash was dark , seth was light .
where ash was solemn , seth was excitable .
her head swam with thoughts - distracted thoughts , not about light , but about other things too , like ash , and seth , and myra downstairs having one of her rare lucid moments where she felt she had the right to talk to itzy like a mother just because seth and devon were there .
that all the volcanoes around the globe would erupt and the earth would be encased in ash , blocking out the sun and initiating the next ice age .
itzys heart contracted at the sight of ash opening the door and pulling a tearful devon into his arms .
there was one missed call : ash .
it was ash .
she had to move on from ash first - which was why shed finally answered all his calls over the last day .
but a louder voice reminded her that this was ash .
her ash .
it was a relief to hear devon was nt angry at her for being alone with ash .
that was the thing with ash : everything was so easy .
it was the first time shed agreed to go out with someone since ash , and that was two - and - a - half years ago .
she had nt even flirted this much when she was with ash .
for months she had thought no one could ever replace ash .
even if aidan was nt the one , the experience had taught her that neither was ash .
because of ash .
in a day , you seem to be over ash - do nt pretend its not true , because its written all over your face .
it probably did nt help that seth had all but shouted that itzy had still been hung up on ash until last night .
it had never felt like this with ash .
she was nt stupid ; she knew how the other boys in school had always drawn away from her , before ash .
even with ash , she had wanted him immediately , yes , but she had nt thought she loved him for months , and shed never managed to say it out loud .
she opened it : going to a film with ash .
not necessarily , said ash , interpreting the expression on itzys face .
and he had the same slanted eyes - but his stare was less fire and more like ash falling from the sky in the aftermath of a volcanic eruption .
she nudged a black lump with her foot and it disintegrated into a pile of ash .
people started to scream in fear and pain as realization flashed through their minds and faces and bodies - much too slowly , much too late turning hope into ash .
it was how the bat resonated when the tempered ash met leather .
standing in the middle of the road was a girl in a loose , faded dress , brown shoulders soaking up the midday heat , ash blonde hair parted on the side and blowing in her face .
looking up she saw a handle poking down and grabbed it , releasing a douse of ash into her face and eyes .
on it were ellas handprints in ash .
she looked into the glass at her ash streaked face .
he was enthralled by the synchronicity and cohesiveness of their movements , watching a group of twenty or more move as one - ash boys leaping almost to the roof , their sooty limbs visible only for the trail of sparks that came with their whoops and hollers ; wacabe , looking in all ways like immense black bears , but able to move with such delicacy and speed that there was no way to mistake them for one ; and the small ohdowas , who guarded all beings who lived here though they themselves hardly reached oisins thigh .
in punishment her skies were clouded with ash and her rivers ran grey .
her eyes filled with tears in a futile attempt to wash away not only the smoke and ash but also the pain of losing what she had only just discovered she could have .
or hot ash , as he liked to call her .
he had nt intended to go all the way with ash tonight , but if he did nt keep himself in check , that s exactly what would happen !
however , he did n't disintegrate into a heap of smoky ash ; he just stood there , lit up like a scary exhibit in a wax museum .
when i set this one to go off , they all go off and the great hero high becomes a pile of ash . ''
turned to ash were those he had met in the shimmering smoke of gathering fire tales , grown to love ; realities lost in refusal to reform , devastation returning in waves of debris .
once his home , a bed of ash and sand now bitterly marked the burnt out site with the skeleton of a tall blue weathered open cupboard , awkwardly leaning , still filled with old pots and pans .
thick smoke pushed its way deep inside the dugout blinding me with flickering ash .
his grandfather watched him move smoothly as river flow , clearing away a thick filament of web , brushing away dust and ash to allow delicate engravings to appear from where they had been hidden ; obscured .
he sat bolt right up and looked around him in bewilderment and wonder at the trees all around him and stared at the pile of smoldering ash that was once a roaring fire .
the wolf howled as red flame burned him into ash .
all about , the hills were blackened with ash and soot , while dark heaps littered the ground .
despite being slightly tarnished by ash and smoke , it remained the unforgiving window through which the pretty girl contrived to find herself ugly .
with the sound of geneve 's and vivian 's voices in my ears , i watched the logs as the hot flames gradually turn them into ash .
the magical door evaporated into a thin white line under the smoldering fire that soon turned into gray ash .
grace , ash muttered , grabbing her arm and turning her to face him .
grace had picked up on his nervousness , and now seemed just as keen to leave as ash .
she held her hand out expectantly , waiting for ash to drop the keys and give up the fight .
the man smiled slowly , as if he knew what ash was doing , and knew that it would nt work .
it was real , and ash was in a hospital .
you have some minor bruises and lacerations , a few broken ribs , and a broken wrist , but that s extremely lucky considering his voice and sentence faded off and his eyes darted to the bed next to him , where ash knew his sister lay .
if she has nt woken up by morning , the brain damage will be too severe '' ash 's mom turned into the arms of his father , heartbroken .
grace looked back at ash , wondering what was going on .
i m here ash , she whispered in defeat .
he d been at the party , and then at the crash scene , though ash could nt remember anything else .
i can not force you to do as i say , she said , looking at ash with a concerned expression , but believe me when i say that searching for the man is a bad choice .
if you seek the devil , the devil you shall find , she replied , looking at ash with sad eyes .
you killed your sister , the man mused , staring at ash with a half - smile on his lips .
she pointed at ash .
no , past ash , to a man .
grace watched the exchange between ash and the man , confused and frightened as to why this creature was here with her brother .
she watched in desperation as the girl with the golden curls tried to stop ash .
she wanted to drag ash away from him , get him away from the danger .
he turned to ash , softening his face seductively .
he held out a beckoning hand , and the red of his eyes tore through ash .
ash glanced at her to find her eyes staring firmly at the blank space between ash and the demon .
the man ignored her , turning his eyes back to ash , who met the red gaze , confused .
the demon stepped in front of ash , blocking her out .
the demon for grace knew him as one now reached toward ash .
a searing pain that matched the intensity of the demons eyes suddenly engulfed ash and he was thrown to the ground .
then the demon released his hand , leaving ash both burnt and hollow .
they put ash back into his bed , and hooked him up to an iv drip .
join ash as he races through new worlds and a terrifying cast of characters in pursuit of freedom , his soul and the most important thing he 's ever lost - true love .
he rubbed the ash out of his eyes and beheld the once majestic mount now lying dead in the busted landscape .
he looked weary and disheveled as he was covered in ash and soot from the neck down .
every warlock in the room was covered in ash and dust .
each time they hit a glob , it turns into ash .
there are little piles of ash everywhere .
he sends one straight at my head and ash flies in my face as i strike it down .
a tentacle drops to the bridge , disintegrating into ash .
after a second , the apparition disintegrates into ash .
one of the apparitions flies up toward her , and i shoot it in the back , sending ash raining down on the people below .
when the light fades , all that s left is a pile of smoking ash left .
if you choose the gate , your friends will be burned until they are nothing but ash while you go through the gate and into the next layer ... alone .
i can turn things into ash , pen says , which is the truth .
he bursts into ash that falls onto the floor .
he screams and hops three times before he becomes a pile of ash .
captain ulfrik kicked the smoldering parchment papers that were now all but ash .
the night wore away until viktor came to a second pile of ash and rubble : r.e .
chapter one ash as soon as ash walked into the ethereal underground , he was surrounded by smoke .
chapter one ash as soon as ash walked into the ethereal underground , he was surrounded by smoke .
he had known her since she was old enough to join in on her fathers hunts , and she had never made her feelings for ash a secret .
maizes face lit up when she saw ash .
careful ash , daddy is watching .
unlike ash , she never let herself get distracted from the job .
chapter two ash the sound of aries communicator stirred ash from his trance .
her small hand pushed against his chest , she was strong and her height nearly matched his , but she was no match for ash .
about ten more minutes , ash , and its not going to be a good idea to do this right now he ash did nt hear the end of her lecture because he had already started to run after loki .
loki was fast and his blade was twice the size of ashs , but that did nt stop ash from blocking the attack and kicking loki square in the chest .
it was then that ash realized that lokis eyes were pitch - black .
loki started to laugh while he circled ash and pulled his sword from its nested spot in ashs back .
arie squatted down beside him and gently turned ash over onto his back .
oh , ash .
arie groaned come on ash , lets get you up and back to the underground .
some do well with that and others strugglethat ash of yours , he s quite the rebellious type .
chapter three ash the faint sound of horrible singing is what prompted ash to open his eyes .
before he got a place in the eighth layer , he frequently stayed the night , but each night sasha had expressed the many ways he could kill ash if he touched his only daughter .
they claimed that they were protecting the planet from outside threats , but in recent years ash felt that their methods had become extreme .
i m not a child anymore ash , i have been of age for a few years now .
unable to believe what he was seeing , ash blinked a few times and lifted his hands to rub his eyes .
the two other guards stared at ash with blank faces .
always so serious , ash thought .
she was almost ten years older than ash , but she still looked young and vibrant .
calm down ash .
the rebels , an underground terrorist group , wanted the planet to be returned to how it was before the wars , but ash felt like it was all a few thousand years too late .
he pointed at ash and continued on .
all of the keepers stopped talking and looked at ash .
none of them had the capacity to empathize as ash did .
the officials all stepped back to allow a path for ash to leave .
she had been bewitched by this ash and she was going to find him .
the fact that annalise seemed to be feeling more and more like one by the minute since she had saved ash made her feel ashamed .
chapter four ash ash slammed a handful of gems on the table and gave a short nod to his bookie .
chapter four ash ash slammed a handful of gems on the table and gave a short nod to his bookie .
better snap out of it ash or they will take advantage of you , he nodded toward the table in the other room .
finlay snapped his fingers right in front of his face , knocking ash out of his thoughts .
finlay was smoother than ash would ever be .
she put her arms around the mans neck and looked over at ash waiting for the usual flirty banter , but this time nothing came .
no problem ash , not too much going on tonight so whatever you are up to , do nt cause a scene .
it was a gesture she would have had with leon , grabbing his arm for comfort , and even though this ash was mortal , he gave off the same air that he would keep her safe .
he asked , downing the drink and placing the now empty glass back on the counter as he eyed ash disappointingly , that s a good amount of alcohol in there .
you are a liar and you ve betrayed me , ash accused .
finlay was her friend , it was okay if he wanted to stand up for her if the keeper was trying to poison her drink and she was still unsure if she could trust ash .
finlay would not hesitate to fight the mortal , she knew that for a fact , and he would destroy ash if he got too wrapped up in it .
she expected ash to turn around and chastise her ; that was what she normally got from males when she stood her ground .
the man looked at ash , a wave of confusion passing over his face .
its just what your excursions caused that- ash made a loud coughing noise and nodded towards annalise .
annalise just stood there , only taking a step back to turn and glare at ash .
a very bad fallen name loki put his weapon through ash , and i was supposed to take his soul , but i could not .
unable to believe what she was seeing before her , she took an unconscious step forward and felt ash grab her by the arm as if to stop her .
annalise lowered her eyebrows , taking a protective step backwards toward ash .
she thought of leon , the recent increase in fighting between them , and then fleeing from him with ash in tow .
she had a weapon , a dagger similar the one ash had , but hers had some sort of symbol on it , and she seemed to be filled with a sort of energy as she lunged forward .
she was quick and agile , more so than annalise had anticipated since she was older than ash was .
the fallen threw his fist out towards ash , but jedzia was there , pushing him out of the way and shoving her dagger into the larger creature .
he let out an anguished cry as it sank into him , ash coming quickly up behind him and stabbing his own dagger into the fallens back .
she pushed him away from her before he could close his hand , slamming him into ash .
her emotions had been so confusing and out of whack since she had saved ash .
she did nt want to see the scene before her , hearing it and feeling it from ash was bad enough .
his frame was slightly larger than ash , dark hair spiked upon his head , his large eyes going to the lifeless body of the older woman in the corner .
i will destroy them all , all of the fallen , whatever i have to do- ash insisted , but his words were cut off when the fallen clamped his hand over ashs mouth and forced him to his knees .
she crept over to where ash was just as the male let him go .
he would help her for sure , but she was nt sure about ash .
chapter six ash moving through the rip in space was much easier than transporting .
it was fluffy and warm , and all ash wanted to do was close his eyes and never wake up .
most of the time annalise could nt even understand what ash was talking about .
the male seraph stepped into view , his eyes settling on ash for a moment , staring coldly at him before turning his attention to annalise .
he did nt even know this seraph , but just looking at him made ash want to kick him into the ground .
as if annalise was leons only focus in the world , and ash was just an annoying gnat that swarmed around the two of them .
leon demanded , taking a step forward and studying ash .
it made him sick that he forgave her so easily , and took her hand as if ash was nt standing there .
you do not know anything about ash and i do not appreciate your accusing words toward him .
you must kill the boy , ash .
i do not know what form of alchemy she could get that from , but it was the same as what made it hard to bring ash back .
she turned to the house to see ash running from the door and taking a hold of her arm , his blue eyes locked on hers , the fallen are here .
he had a feeling that leon was not the type to stray from tradition , but ash was .
turning to the unfamiliar voice , annalise thought she had somehow teleported them to the wrong place , but as she set her eyes on the scene before them , she let go of ash and threw her hand over her mouth .
a tall girl with flaming red hair was jumping off of the bed on the side near them and glaring at ash with a ferocity that slightly scared annalise .
he looked past ash and gave her a sly grin , you missed out on the fun , annalise .
this is annalise , she s a seraph , no worries , finlay said , moving to put his arm around her and plant a kiss on her forehead , eyes not moving from ash as to try and intimidate him .
her words were directed at ash , and annalise could sense the jealousy in them .
finlay rolled his eyes and turned his attention back to ash , do nt mind her , she s just freaking out .
only ash appeared to be ready to fight them .
annalise cast a nervous glance over at ash and tried to find a way to answer him .
the elders believe that ash and i are working with the fallen .
its not like you would be that great , arie giggled from across the room , hinting that ash would be a better hunter than finlay .
annalise slapped his hand away from her and took a step back towards ash .
setting her mind on the mission , she pushed past ash and tried not to look at him .
but also , she could nt help but wonder what ash would say about the clothing .
ash as annalise and arie left the bedroom , ash turned towards his so - called friend .
that boy was cocky and immature and just like ash .
how i worried about her- how jerks tried to take advantage of her- how wonderful she is and you are- i find you- ash shook his head .
in fact , the thought of them both together made ash sick .
you know what , ash , you re right .
a part of him regretted hitting his friend , but ash was never one to keep his temper under control .
finlay took a step to pass behind ash and broke the glare .
look where that boasting got you , ash .
arie turned to ash and gave him a help me look .
ash picked the picture up and wondered what sasha would say about ash taking his only daughter on this mission .
this time , she was able to focus more on her surroundings since she was nt set on demanding things from ash .
natara turned her attention to ash , and looked him over before glancing back at annalise , i can see why .
annalise looked at her with a blank stare , unsure of what she meant by that and why she had looked happily at ash .
neither of these was something she was good at , and she had a feeling that ash would rush them into some dangerous situations with his impulsivity .
annalise once again followed behind ash , taking a hold of his garment and trying to breathe in the tight space .
she leaned into ash and whispered , what is the purpose of those guards at the entrance to her home ?
she let go of ash and walked over to sit down on one of the soft surfaces , this is fantastic .
annalise could see ash roll his eyes , knowing that seraphs did not need to sleep , that the blonde probably had more on his mind than that .
natara did not respond , she simply stood up to come take a seat across from annalise and ash .
she could feel ash go still beside her , no doubt troubled by her sudden questions .
nataras eyes wandered over to the quiet ash , and annalise could feel him struggle to hide his feelings from her .
creatures normally lurked in the tunnels , but ash was nt scared .
jaron has been the one to turn ash in ; he had betrayed him all so he could get in good with the officials .
with ash out of the way , jaron had a better chance becoming jedzias partner and a better chance at becoming an official .
the day ash had been chosen to train for an official position over jaron , was the day jaron had turned his back on their years of friendship .
jarons right arm swung out to knock ash down , but ash was a keeper and he knew exactly how jaron fought .
jarons right arm swung out to knock ash down , but ash was a keeper and he knew exactly how jaron fought .
jaron moved once more to attack , each punch and kick being blocked without hesitation by ash .
jaron held on to the blade with a deadly vengeance and used his elbow to knock ash in the face .
jaron recognized the defeat and started to climb off of ash .
he looked at ash with a grin , but ash did nt look amused .
the keeper , gabe was his name , he went alone hoping to find ash already at the home .
he had come to the tunnels to kill ash and return the betrayer to the officials .
if jaron was down here looking for ash , the officials must have decided his fate .
it was typical of her to flirt with ash , but this time it only made him feel awkward .
except for the one time he did nt ; the night ash was supposed to die .
arie let out a small yelp as finlay pushed her against a wall and ash instantly put an arm out in front of annalise .
only , he would nt be happy with what had transpired the night before with ash .
after hearing all of the shocking revelations from the mouth of the madman , annalise was nt really sure who ash was anymore .
if she continued to ignore ash instead of focusing on their strengths , it could put all of them in danger .
i think it will be best if annalise and ash work together , finlay , so you can help arie practice .
she eyed ash and cocked an eyebrow as if to show she knew this would be hard for him .
i am so sorry , ash , are you hurt ?
but that would mean that she would be without ash .
they had been together for over a thousand years , and ash would never understand that .
she tried to remind herself that finlay and ash would drink ale and have fun with women , and push her feelings for him aside .
when she opened her mouth to say something , she was stopped by the water flying off of ash and onto her .
she opened her mouth to object but he covered it quickly , much to the irritation of ash .
annalise looked over at natara who gave her a silent clap , and over at ash who looked very surprised that she had fought so hard when finlay spared with her .
she knew then that ash was her weak spot .
the redhead followed finlay down into the hole and ash followed suite .
she lowered herself to the floor and peered down past ash to see what it looked like down there .
do not put on that show for me , ash .
annalise pushed past ash and tried to get around the other seraph , but he grabbed ahold of her arm and would not let her past .
he did so , and ash was beside her quickly , you re not going near that thing alone .
she took a few slow steps forward and could feel ash right behind her .
once she reached him , she held out a hand to him and tried to ignore ash hovering silently by her side .
she held her hand out in front of her , ash , that is a big creature .
a ball of fire came flying at the group and ash pushed annalise to the ground as it whizzed by .
the fight going on behind her worried her , she did not want finlay or ash getting hurt , but there was nothing she could do to help as long as she was healing this girl .
finlay and ash were sitting across from each other , the fire burned bright between them , but their discussion stopped once the two girls came to take a seat with them .
here with ash , she was unsure of what she should do or say .
the sound of aries laughing make ash groan .
a low hissing noise from the corner of the cave knocked annalise off her log and onto the floor with ash .
a light kick in the ribs caused ash to stir from his sleep .
now ash she gave a nod in finlays direction .
the sounds of crunching behind of ash caused him to spin around .
leon turned his solemn gaze away from ash and looked at arie .
leon will carry ash , and i will carry arie , he said simply .
as soon as he felt finlays feet touch the ground ash scrambled out of his embrace .
the closer they got , the more ash dreaded the finale .
you must have ash with you also .
annalise turned to ash and reached out to place her hand on his .
finally , the seer moved toward ash .
she was lying on the grass finlay had created with ash close by .
annalise had been very glad to see leon , but disappointed in herself when she had so quickly promised him she would go home with him when this was overbecause she was worried about what would happen with ash .
leon had made it clear that he would kill ash if she did not , but now she hoped he would be satisfied with her not returning to the mortal world .
she wished she could take ash back with her to the seraph realm just for one day .
i need to speak with ash , annalise announced suddenly and took him by the arm to pull him a few feet away from the others .
she opened her mouth to disagree , but he pulled her away from ash and towards the group .
annalise could feel arie and leon catching up behind them as ash pulled her with him behind finlay , her heart racing to see these beings .
i will not let any harm come to him , annalise said and glared at him , annoyed that leon would keep her from following ash .
if these beings were as terrifying as the seraphs said they were then she wanted to keep her eyes on ash .
finlay nodded and stepped ahead to go sit where ash was by the fire .
the others took a seat around the fire as one of the hulmiens came to stand beside of ash .
she could feel the conflicted emotions fading away in ash and being replaced by emotions that she was only slightly familiar with .
i do not think so , annalise disagreed and looked over at ash to see the hulmiens attempting to pour some kind of liquid into his mouth from a carved out rock .
he had kissed her before she left their realm with ash , and that told her that he cared way more than he was admitting to her .
it told her that his feelings may be unseraph like , like the ones she was having for ash .
but it is different with ash , annalise mumbled .
her own confusing feelings and those from ash were absolutely exhausting .
finlay dropped arie onto her feet and turned to face ash .
great , it had to be leon , ash thought .
as if she knew what he was thinking , annalise looked over to where ash was sitting .
the girls noticed that ash was back and ran over to him .
after they were once again to safety , annalise found herself walking behind ash , arie , and finlay .
really , annalise was glad to have a few moments from ash due to the harsh things he had said to her before they tried to fight their way out of the lair , as well as his interaction with those dreadful creatures .
this experience with ash has opened my eyes to all of those things i wanted to see .
i have- she stopped herself from saying those words that she had not even gotten to tell ash and cast her eyes to the ground , just how much she cared for him .
arie was next , followed by leon and ash .
as soon as they were out , she would take ash back to the surface and look up at his moons before leaving .
if she told him exactly how she felt , with leon in hearing distance , their mission would be over , and ash would possibly be dead at the guardians sword .
the fallens grip tightened on her neck but it was just enough for ash to focus the flowing water back at endarial .
annalises hands went up to her throat as she gasped for air , ash looking back at her , gun in hand .
she choked on it and let ash go .
the bond with ash had made her emotions run incredibly deep and now they were destroying her .
but she had to try , try harder than she had with ash , anyone else that she would ever try to heal .
no , this can not be happening , she cried , grasping ash for dear life , her mind registering that it was him who was holding her .
her life was not going to be the same without leon and she could not lose ash as well , but she could nt be a fallen .
now she understood that fire inside of ash , the one that pushed him to bring them down here to find endarial .
she did nt know what was in that syringe and certainly did not want ash to get whatever was in that .
walking over to her , annalise could hear ash fighting against his restraints .
his eyes were dead set on ash as he walked closer .
the fallen did nt find ash funny ; he held up the fire ball in his hand and brought it close to ashs face .
the fallen tossed ash against the wall head first .
the fallen immediately threw up his hand and water flew from the bowl of water at his side and toward ash .
we need to go the other way , annalise said , she tried to pull on his arm and tug him in the opposite direction of the screams , but ash shook her grip off his arm .
arie exclaimed as annalise pushed ash to the hard ground behind the rock .
i felt remorseful for sending ash to die , he was my friend .
at the sight of ash , finlay pushed himself off the floor and brought his fist up to ram it into lokis nose , blood spurted up into the air .
loki laughed and flapped his wings to levitate him off the ground , taking ash with him .
she had faith that ash and finlay could take care of loki if they worked together , hold off the rest of the fallen until she could get the redhead to safety .
but ash was there , his hand pulled annalise back against him as they fell to the ground .
annalise scowled at the girl , all of her hatred towards the fallen , all of the guilt for being part of the reason that leon had died , all of her hurt and pain for having to leave ash here in the mortal world and go back home , even though she had been sure at one point that was what she wanted to do .
she knew some of it was coming from ash , wanting to make endarial suffer for killing jedzia , and she was okay with that .
annalise had never used so much of her power , except for when she brought ash back to life , and she knew that she would sleep for many days when she got back home .
it would be nice to have some distance from the mortals , however ; the more she was around ash , the more she became like him .
finlay ran his hands down his face and sighed like ash was saying things that he already knew .
finlay grabbed the handle to open it while ash stood at the opening ready to fight .
as much as he wanted to tell the official to go away , the man was and always had been the head of the keepers and therefore ash felt nothing but diminutive around him .
my ash , it pains me to do this .
they both knew it had been jaron who had betrayed the keepers , not ash .
if you want ash ; then you will have to get through me , he demanded .
what type of life truce are you offering ash ?
ash assumed it was because sune had thought ash would nt ask questions and normally , yes , ash would have taken the truce no questions asked .
he rose up slowly and smacked ash on the back .
sune was the first to break the gaze by turning back to ash .
finlay shrugged and playfully grabbed ash .
this is your home , ash .
finlay looked at ash with a straight face .
this had been , and always would be , her home , but it hurt to know that neither leon nor ash would be there with her .
pieces of memories that were more like flashbacks rained down on him periodically like ash during a raid - fire .
` ` we need to prevent him from completing the reset or the rest of the laelites will drop like ash from a raid - fire .
sally was clearing ash out of the range .
found her on the side of the road , said sally , hiding her head in the hole where the ash comes out .
the one who did it is dead , i said with a glance at one of the piles of ash on the floor .
okay , she agreed , scrutinizing the ash that was starting to blow away on light breeze in the night air .
the flames died rapidly , leaving ash scattered in a loose corona around the base of the burnt - black tree .
bodies flashed into ash with each hit , colliding with percival and exploding on impact .
he had gray ash in his eyes , nose and mouth .
then he slowly disintegrated into the bed , leaving behind nothing but a pile of ash .
president bush announced that this is an apparent terrorist attack then we gasped as live footage showed the north tower crumble like an enormous smoking ash castle filled with people .
so , linley was a lot like ash : more lawyers than people .
like a gatekeeper who collected the veil for every aphrodite like a men 's room attendant in an atrium of erishkegal 's desert inn , who did n't make the grade for hat check , i had a convertible like a third - row seat in the second temple , on country club carpet spotted with every gum drop , syrup , and ash of cigar , ground by every spike , pump , and drooling unsanctified loafervegas might not be egyptgizeh could be pizza for all i knew about getting along with pharaohbut let me put it to you this way : if he was n't asleep , you were , so if you were up , which was n't often , pharaoh meanteverything you were doin while he was not there .
penny felt a strange wistfulness calling to her , as from a popular song on the radio heard while driving home in one 's car late at night or from someone about to walk in a room one would fall in love with forevershe sailed on a crest of emotion that lifted her on angel wings : a sugar shaker with an aluminum lid and square flippity - floppity nozzle , a black plastic ash tray , some glass salt and pepper shakers with aluminum tops , and a greenish formica counter top in imitation of colored marblethese were all objects that told her she was turtle tough rather than meek as a snail , but she felt like crying outshe was 26 , the world could be a better place !
he flicked his cigarette ash on the floor , carefully cuffing the remainder in his palm .
searles tapped a cigar ash to the floor .
a big hunk of cigar ash cascaded off searles 's cigar over the front of his shirt and jacket onto the floor , where it came to rest like a pigeon dropping on the new york public library .
she had a cigarette hanging out of her mouth with about an inch of ash hanging of its end , in spite of the statewide no smoking policy .
on several occasions , peter heard him refer to the gremlins that snuck in on cold winter nights and closed the flue in their chimney ( explaining why the living room was covered in ash the next morning ) , or the mischievous poltergeists who amused themselves by consistently winding every clock in their house a full ten minutes backwards , accounting for the fact that he was never on time for anything .
ca nt it wait until we get inside first ash ?
he pushed on the door and light bathed the dark tunnels , he stepped in quickly with ash right on his heels .
he turned to indicate that he wanted ash to answer the question .
thanks ash , good work , he said patting her on the side of her arm [ never one to show too much affection ] before turning around and heading out of the tunnels .
do nt get too happy ash , ryder said as he walked down the long corridor of the tunnel toward his room .
skylar looked at ash like she was crazy .
ryder asked ash who stood in the door way looking aghast .
always the curious one , he mumbled as he watched ash approach skylar .
ryder frowned once he realized that skylar continued to ignore them and ash did nt ask her question like ryder suggested she should .
ryder did nt bother to tell her to shut up though ; at the moment he needed ash to provoke her .
you look possessed , ash asked , and she was right skylars body shook as she leaned against the tree , her eyes were more of a like blackif ever there was oneand extremely hooded .
look he s obviously just trying to help you , ash cut in .
ryder stalked toward skylar pushin ash out of his way and grabbed skylar by the nape of her neck .
ash began to walk toward skylar obviously done trying to talk to her and ryder felt exactly the same way , but he felt a little bad for ash there was no way shed be able to actually hurt skylar but ryder could nt bring himself to care as he watched ash do exactly as she said she would .
ash began to walk toward skylar obviously done trying to talk to her and ryder felt exactly the same way , but he felt a little bad for ash there was no way shed be able to actually hurt skylar but ryder could nt bring himself to care as he watched ash do exactly as she said she would .
skylar was shocked at first that ash had actually hit her but the shock wore off quickly and it was just placed with anger .
skylar twisted her feet around ashs back , crossed her feet at the ankles and flipped ash onto her back .
ryder always admired that about ash , she did nt dwell on her injuries too much , she just fought and then licked her wounds at the end .
skylar punched ash in the face in a quick session of thrusts as ash tried her hardest to block her hits .
skylar grabbed ash by the neck and banged her head against the concrete , her hands left red marks all over ashs body as if she had burned her by simply touching her .
skylars body was highlighted in an unearthly blue light as well as her grey eyes as she continued to fight ash .
she looked around nervously until her eyes met his , ryder could see it there in her eyes , the power she felt while fighting ash was nt enough , she needed more you could tell in the way that her body began to twitch , and the way her eyes went in and out of focus as she tried to walk away .
the sweetness tasted like burnt caramel , the thickness like ash , the ice like hell frozen over .
it was a classic ' 50s cut , except it was colored in two shades of swirling black , midnight and volcanic ash , instead of white or pink or yellow .
maybe it was something more like leftover volcanic ash , or demon vomit .
every friday night is the ahs football game , where every sober and a few intoxicated devoted apollonians stand and shout at their old alma matas success for a new victory win while they drool and drone for the ash marching band with the line - up of pretty majorettes ( that s me ) leading the loud musicians .
i scoot across the mattress to hear the newest juicy gossip at ash since cinta always serves the bestest new blurb for the latest more current item then we go to sleep for the evening while i ease my face into her face so my eardrums can hear the hot wash news .
the basement rock came from volcanic ash 1,000 million years ago your age ?
i do nt exactly have boys falling over themselves to be with me and ash looks at me in the way mill looks at you .
she never really had to go but it was a good excuse to gaze longingly down the hall while she waited , hoping ash would walk by .
she watched intently to see if ash was on the lift .
in a moment of complete surprise she turned right into ash and the wheeled collection bucket full of towels he was pushing .
did you see ash last night ?
i saw ash .
it was like ash .
miranda had done a similar thing and threw caution to the wind for a kiss from ash .
carda wiped his hand on his shorts as if to remove ash .
squatting down , i pick up a small handful of ash .
i prepare a scrying bowl and two elixirs , one with the ash and another with taras blood .
its not like we can show them a pile of ash and say this is what happens when you torch mythical creatures with an elixir .
do you need more ash ?
ann prepares a fresh scrying bowl while i pry the top off the bottle of ash elixir .
she bends over , slowly brushes some ash away with her fingers , and scratches at the burn marks on the linoleum floor .
fence fired off his chains like bullets and benjamin kept them at bay , using his fists like flaming mitts , catching each chain one at a time and once again turning them into ash .
smut and ash coated the pavement , and smoke blotted out the sky .
faes cigarette had almost burned out ; the ash was long as her nails .
but as he glanced about he noticed that the fire was almost out , reduced to a scattering of embers nestled within cold , dead ash .
dark flames danced across its burning body as tongues of fire lashed the ground , devouring anything they chanced upon and leaving only ash .
i had expected to see bones badly burned and blackened from the fire , but she had been buried beneath a layer of ash .
he gulped , his throat feeling like a pile of dry ash as he searched for the courage to say what he needed to say .
the ash enriched the soil , helping fresh new plants to grow , and these juicy young plants attracted kangaroos for them to hunt .
it will clear the forest and the ash will fertilise the soil , bringing new growth , which will bring animals to feed .
noah rakes grey ash over the embers of the fire and smoke drifts around us .
he looked at his bare chest and pulled some cold ash from the fire pit and made some marks on his chest .
you re daddy tells me you like to be called ash , is that right ?
across from him , ash toyed with a spear of banana .
i could nt believe i d just freaked out like that , and sworn in front of ash and khan .
anchille had khan in his lap and ash was in the chair next to them .
isis stared at her husband and then she motioned for avati to gather ash and khan .
they exited the hall with ash and khan , flitting behind them .
i m not really here to be ash and khans nanny , am i ?
why are ash and khan sodifferent ! ?
i must gather ash and khan now .
before exiting i turned back , i m sorry , about ash and khan .
thomas and charles sat on a corner couch with ash and khan on their laps , their large hands clasped around the boys tummies in such a devoted and loving way .
i pondered that a moment , feeling angry for ash and khan but also sorry for those poor human children , who rightfully fear the unknown .
and what about ash and khan ?
maybe they were of the mindset that ash and khans existence was somehow wrong as well as my friendship with will ?
when we first found out about ash and khan , many of us were in a state of shock , that s true .
i see , so that takes care of your kind harming ash and khan , but what about the three that attacked me ?
the vampires bodies crumpled in the mouths of the black wolves ; instantly turning to grey ash where they lay .
i began to dream of little ash and khan and soon all that had been dark in my life suddenly was illuminated .
instead i taste only ash .
the explosion took ten of them out at once , disintegrating them into ash on contact .
by the time we set out on our way , the house is lighting up from the inside with orange flame , soon to be no more than a pile of smoldering ash .
when the punishment was done and the warrior burned to black ash , lord balor dismissed the flame .
the air was filled with the lingering smell of soot and ash , a remnant of xander and his grandfathers battle against the fire warriors in the nearby park .
in the center of the burning ring , a man lay prostrate , his face buried in the ash .
more soot and ash filled the air around him , settling over his naked form .
my stomach twisted at the sight , the stench of rot and burning flesh corroding my thoughts to despair as fully as the piles of burnt ash where sickly yellow - green smoke rose to fill the air under the grey sky blackened by clouds , low - hanging and ominous .
she reached forward to close the firsts eyes , and then began to pick up handful after handful of soil comprised of moulding ash to rub into his paling skin .
we finished rubbing the ash onto the first , but had to re - blend areas uprooted by the wind or already absorbed .
i sat back once the first was covered completely with ash .
the ash we rubbed on his skin is made of dried blood .
and the ash formed of blood ?
the light exploded on impact , turning the creature into black ash .
the stalking creature rushing towards rhea stopped dead , and exploded into a cloud of ash leaving only one .
i looked at the creature who was now crumbling ash .
i inhaled and it tasted like ash .
the snow turned to ash , then night .
she touched the flowers in order to remove them , but under her touch the dead flowers had become ash .
she touched them all hoping that her luck would change but they too turned to piles of ash .
the field of flowers she was laying in turned into ash ; she was beyond frightened until someone approached from the shadows .
it had been replaced with a barren field of ash .
reminded of those petrified bodies found buried in volcanic ash in pompeii , shane lay on his side and pulled them in , his back to the storm .
they scarcely noticed the heat that licked at their fingers nor the bits of soot and ash that adhered to the rabbit .
he stamped the last remaining coals into ash and kicked layers of earth over them before he caught the reins of his own horse and mounted .
the inheritor of ash and darkness .
what did not get turn to ash was buried far from the community in a bed of cement .
she tapped the cigarette and ash blew away in the breeze .
not because of the health risk but because i could feel every bit of the wonderful turning to ash and blowing away from me .
i realize how close i was and smelled ash and leaves from his skin .
i felt the harsh reality of my worst fears as it rose up from ash and landed right in front of me .
steam curls out from between the pointed teeth and ash falls from the lips .
the flesh was all burnt , leaving just ash .
the mud will delicately separate from the teacup then tenderly rise like a tiny dust cloud of gray ash in coolness .
then the tiny particles of gray ash will mix with the air molecules allowing my nostrils to sniff the fresh soot of victory for the moment of the lucky fairy , today .
a puff of gray ash rises from the mud coming from the outer circle of mud surrounding the curved edge of the teacup when i hold my breath .
i giggle surrounding my teacup with my hands for a second time exhaling and waiting for another pop sound of stinky ash .
i get an ash pop from my teacup , tonight .
it popped into a very small smoke bomb of gray ash .
i hear the pop smelling the nasty ash float into my nostrils .
i simply popped away another .02 ash of one / twelfth of an inch .
my nose holes immediately smell the bitter plume of ash .
my rock , my power , and i are all in total synch feeling the upcoming explosion of ash .
with large icy blue eyes and twisted and curled ash blond hairnot very long neverthelessalvin was such an ideal and magnetic male visage that any common eye would ogle and marvel at .
where there was once a water bowl , wooden chair , and a gold fish making its great escape , now swirled a cloud of white ash .
and behind the ash , a perfectly cut hole in the shed .
two days later mt ruapehu erupted , shooting plumes of ash so high they could be seen by passing planes , the le - hares , the slides of ashen grey either side of the mountain defiling the snow , the evidence of the nights activities .
as he lifts the plant the head shrivelles to a crumbling mess , falling to the ground as delicate ash but dallon looks pleased , smiling as he turns to face someone watching from the trees , i follow his gaze and there under the canopy is cooper .
wolf asked if doc would like him to bring in the whittle bucket - a sort of standing ash tray that yolanda had said would keep the floor clean .
the coal encasing it crumbled away like brittle ash .
just as liz realized this , the man collapsed , crumbling into ash at the feet of the cloaked figure .
` ` jeremy told me upon his death that he witnessed a creature annihilate his friends and turn one of them into ash , at the simple touch of his hand .
he could feel his flesh smoldering beneath his robes , slowly turning to blackened charcoal , only to then crumble from his bones like ash .
at his touch , more flesh crumbled away like ash .
a skeletal terror , tiny bits of flesh still clinging to the bone , burned like ash and rotting away .
` ` so dramatic , '' he rolled his eyes and stepped forward , giving ember the victory , scratching the soft patch in her forehead until she finally showed her forgiveness by padding into the ash .
little clouds of ash followed ember 's footsteps , blackening her russet coat .
within minutes , they reached the same stream as before , but this time the edges were lined with soft grass instead of ash .
but rhen thought back to the blood , the ash , the burnt pile of wood .
it was in the ash tray .
his love for her became a cold gray pile of ash .
black ash from the explosions came drifting down like fine snow .
it was over in seconds , and sorren was quick to his feet , shaking off ash and surveying what remained , ready to catch more hand bombs with a spell should they come flying toward him .
a pile of ash was all that remained of ganton , king of the reds .
so all the scientists worked together and came up with a plan of building a wall made from the volcanic ash on the dark side of the moon .
a karst is a deep vertical hole about 300 feet wide and 200 feet deep which is surrounded by natural hard thick deposits of hardened volcanic ash .
the internal walls of the mountain are composed of un - welded pretty brightly white colored ash tuffs .
i thought you said the ash bits were white from a non - active volcano , dihe master zcio .
heat rises below the lava fields under the floor then percolates and cools the re - cycling the red ash into a white cohesion .
i thought you said plastered inactive volcanic ash sticks to the cavern walls , zcio .
and turned into a cloud of black ash that billowed over justin , choking him .
he wiped the ash from his eyes and peered around wildly .
he wiped off what ash he could from his clothes and face , then moved over to the shadow and stared at it .
the trail veered off at the edge of the volcanos base , an expanse of fine ash and chunks of volcanic rock ; low brush had overtaken some of it already , steadily moving upslope toward the edge of the wide , blunt cone above .
according to the old tales , salamanders build great dams of ash and pumice to hold in the magma .
an image of a stadium full of cheering fans flashed through his half - delirious mind ; he and the salamander struggled midfield , the turf burned away in a bullseye of ash and parched earth .
justin saw deep ruts cut into the ash and rock all around the dead creature .
they burned quickly and within minutes , were nothing but a pile of steaming ash .
blue - fire a cold , blue fire that burns into ice instead of ash .
he screamed , but only ash and soot engaged him , coating his tongue mercilessly .
a small pop echoed across the room , as his body was reduced to fine ash , falling off the stage and into the cracks of the floor below .
in a few minutes , your precious village will be nothing but ash .
the remains of aidan fell at duncans feet in a cloud of dust , ash and smoke .
there was nt just a pile of ash and dirt like he had expected , but a cocoon of dense rock .
with a flick of his wrist , it was reduced to the ash .
it had been reduced to debris and ash .
he saw the heavy marble ashtray on the coffee table and picked it up , spreading cigarette butts and ash all over the place .
he took a long pull on his smoke and then crunched the ash end between his fingertips and flicked the butt on the floor .
i m telling you this from a five by eight foot cell in e block where i ve been watching my life flake away like the paint peeling from my concrete ceiling my world , my ash pit , where no motherfucking bird is going to rise .
witnessing transformers explode , trees became engulfed into flames , as abandoned vehicles were turned to nothing but piles of ash .
all that remained was a small pile of ash in the center of my palm .
i turned back to look to now see tiny pieces of ash slowly drifting to the ground .
i saw chance in the midst of ash , standing in front of my car .
scanning the field , i witnessed them combust into flames , disintegrating into nothing more than tiny particles of ash .
he said , before flicking some ash off of his smoke .
she smiled a little , and the colour seemed to flow back into her face under the coating of ash .
he said , flicking his ash .
he cracked the window and tipped his ash outside .
their anguished faces and breathless screams for help as they turned to ash , left a mark he was sure not even time would erase .
turning the reverends sermons into a rain of charcoal and ash .
i was thinking that as i sat in the yard beside the stinking pile of ash and rubble that had been our house .
but no bullets were found in the body and , when isaks rifle was retrieved from amongst the ash , it proved not to have been fired .
the smell of ash was in my nose but my hands and arms , my legs , my hair were all clean .
claudio asked , motioning to the blackened buildings and piles of ash and debris .
instantly , the small creature exploded in a cloud of yellow feathers as the wide black mouth crushed its fragile bones ; its bright eyes fading to the color of spent ash .
as the body disappeared in ash and smoke , ariel fell to the ground , sobbing in great miserable gasps .
at this moment , the skies smoldered red and dark with ash and smoke belching intermittently out of the volcanoes .
the ground growled and shook , and volcanoes belched pumice and ash into the air .
more days passedlong lifetimes of sulfur and flames , ground eruptions and cracking black clouds , rains of hot ash ; and nowthe horrorbloated bodies of animals and people .
volcanic ash covered the landscape , and a ghostlike air had settled .
spots of fires burned , started by glowing ash falling from the sky .
hot ash fell from the sky and they frantically brushed it from their bodies , coughing and retching from the stinking black wind .
fire , pumice , gas , steam and ash covered the earth and rose in depth .
he went to the eternal flame , smoldering under a nights white ash .
wils driver said over 500 people lost their lives as the volcanic plumage of ash , smoke and mud as it rained and spilled down the mountain side .
maybe it was the smoky haze of the afternoon sun filtering the light through the coconut groves or the emerald green of the newly established rice , these fertile lands in the foothills of mount merapi abundant and worthy of a postcard image , and one day , they too likely to be covered again in ash from a fresh eruption from the mount merapi volcano .
beneath the clouds , closer to the ground , dark twisters of burning ash rose in the wind .
long fingernails brushed the tip of her cigarette in the ashtray as she knocked the ash off and took a last drag .
seth puffed on his cigar , then tapped the ash off the end of it into the hair of the man he was seated on .
he drove the pickup to the corner of ash and pitre , behind the white shrubs , where daniel and nadine first spied on the hughes bungalow .
well behind the soldiers ash cans spewed smoke .
a good cigar can be differentiated from a bad one by observing the leaf , the color of the ash and the burn rate , and by tasting the smoke for complexity and richness .
i swept my arm to the ash land that surrounded us .
i hid the sleds above the cave , partially covering them with ash and rocks .
the landscape around us is comprised exclusively of rubble and the atmosphere is filled with ash and dust .
i d forgotten about my cigarette , the ash now almost as long as the remaining filter .
ken took the cigar out of his mouth and laid it on the ash tray while he searched for another match .
it had collapsed into itself creating a pile of blackened timbers and ash .
i ca n't go tearing up greyfield park any more than i can go tilling the soil at the cemetery , but that pile of ash and rubble serves as nothing more than fuel for superstitious rabble .
replied preston , his face going ash white as he now heard the grumbling engines getting closer .
they found footprints of people and a dog in the ash layer from that first eruption .
he eyed him with those green eyes that laughed at the world from behind a mound of ash .
dr . tolbert was still scooping samples of debris and ash into her kit and sydney knew to leave her to it .
then the flaming wood and ash began to pour down in black snowflakes that hung camouflaged in the air before settling for a slow drift earthward .
he let go of the door handle as the ash collected on the windshield and he realized his initial assessment stemmed from shock .
paint had faded and peeled , and efforts to conceal small blights such as ash cans and laundry lines were flagging .
when one of the nurses objected to his dropping ash into the wounds , he muttered , ah , mais cest sterile , mademoiselle , and carried on .
and papi always warned me that the soil is pretty soft with a lot of ash from the burned buildings .
he had known that their escape attempt would involve a tunnel , but the reality of being underground , being surrounded by so much soft dirt , dirt that could collapse on him and smother him , dirt and ash that could fill his nose and mouth and eyes .
all tag could see of her was a wisp of ash blonde hair .
but the fire moved in fast , exhaling ash and smoke , swirling along both sides of the river .
warmed by the pumping of his blood , he slogged through the forest in a heavy downpour , the stale smell of rain - soaked ash lingering on his clothes .
when it was finally out , all that was left was a blanket of ash and the strong smell of smoke in the air .
as i watched him now from the back porch , i began to hope this latest ambition would wind up in the ash heap of martins big ideas , right alongside the quest to swim the length of the finger lakes .
i turned and stared as the remains of our lives vanished into ash .
all that was left was ash .
a pale , skinny man with ash blond hair and a black overcoat had walked out of the hotel and was hailing a cab .
foam from the fire extinguishers coated the floor and walls of the building , turning the ash and soot into muddy slush .
anything i could find in the ash of the remains would have shown up in the tests i did .
however , i will test the ash , if you like .
they re all ash and bone now mill approached and offered the plate .
you were gone so long , and her cunny so dry from disuse , she s begging the thorn - cocks to do her three times over while she writhes in coal beds and spreads brimstone ash on those fine , pale teats of hers !
they looked like corpses made of shadow and ash , their skins gray and lifeless , their bones visible through their paper - thin flesh .
in the darkness it was a thing composed of ash and soot and smoky shadows .
professor lepage , maly said , hoping down to the ash covered floor .
on the floor , in a mess of prints his feet had left in the dust and ash , he saw the telegram lying where maly had dropped it .
trying to avoid raising either of the houses other inhabitants , he rinsed the ash and dirt from his hands and face in a basin in the kitchen at the rear of the house .
he drew on the montecristo , then studied its perfect ash .
` ` with deepest gratitude , i must tell you it is too late , sato - sama , which i am sure you realize , '' nogami said , drawing on his cigar and taking care not to disturb the ash .
` ` but if he has been kidnapped , '' nogami 's brow furrowed as he studied his cigar , its ash still growing , ` ` then there could be a problem with the transaction .
he stretched out his arm and tapped the inch - long ash into a trash basket beside the desk .
he had seemed to be meditating on his cigar , inspecting the ash as he slowly allowed it to accumulate .
but he covered it quickly by reaching out to tap his cigar ash into a half - filled trash can .
` ` i want you to look at every damn piece of ash you find and give me an explanation of how this individual has left these flames without a scratch , '' he said to jim as he rushed after james white .
jamie held me tight , with my head buried sideways against his chest , the cigarette hanging from my lips , glowing in the dark , dripping ash onto the flagstones .
he kissed the cold metal urn and bent stiffly , placing bethys ash remains in the ground .
the sky is falling with the ash and mud they got ta make a promise yeah , blood to blood so shut the door and then slowly turn around and now you know you ca n't make a sound .
my food tastes like ash in my mouth .
before i went i had the feeling , one more drawing needed to be done , and so i did that final drawing , it detailed stairs that led to the top , and a light that called to me , and i thought , this is where the tower wanted me to go , so i went toward it , knowing that inside my destiny , wanting to find the power , inside that light , was something that i need , that without i 'd never be complete , i walked forward into the doorway , it was quiet , empty , and hallowed , i felt my footsteps echo around me off the floor , each one telling a new story , it had taken so long to get the courage , and now i felt at home in the watchtower , i walked through the lobby , it was lit up bright all around , i looked around and the doors were carved with stone , and engravings each different from the one before , the door handles all appeared to be gold , each had names i could n't pronounce , i walked forward toward the center of the room , there a tapestry carved in gold sat , it looked like a woman with unmatched beauty , seemed to be upset and crying , her eyes made of red rubies , seemed to call out in pain , i stared at it as long as i could , for something told me that girl had a story , that i had ended , for she was a favorite to the tower , maybe i was n't supposed to end her , but i 'd do anything to be noticed again , i walked past the statue without looking back , though i could swear the head turned and followed me , her cold red eyes were on my back , burning a hole through me like i 'd thought impossible , i did n't let it stop me as i walked across the room , my prize was just up ahead , the gate in that covered stairwell was also gold , and plated in diamonds , the security measures for the stairwell , were like none other i 'd ever seen , i stared in disbelief for a moment , finally feeling how close i was to greatness , to the left there was a keypad , with numbers on it , in 3 rows , labeled 1 to 9 , i stared for a moment , before the memories started to flood , my mind showed me visions of the drawings , and the dreams i 'd had , all of them had numbers in an order , i never remembered accessing them before then , but all of a sudden the numbers were right in front of me , 7 - 2 - 1 - 8 - 0 - 3 then and now , the numbers made no sense to me , to me they were random and meant nothing , but they worked at opening the gate , the gold peeled back slowly , but surely to reveal a doorway to my new life , once the gate lifted back , i began to climb upward , upward and further upward , it felt like miles but finally at the end , mere feet above me i saw the light , the light of the watchtower shone down on me , i walked into the room , my footsteps suddenly stop echoing , and i ' m blinded by the light , i shield my eyes , and finally once i become adjusted , the hell sets in , in front of me stands a man , taller than any i 'd ever seen , and much more angry looking , he steps up and opens his arms , and welcomes me home , but the watchtower is n't the home he 's talking about , i ' m rushed and feel arms and hands wrap around me , they tell me that my drawings were nothing more than a mind trick , and i ' m unhealthy for the population , they say there 's so much more i need to know , but now is n't the time , as i ' m forced back down the stairs , they stow me into the back of a van , the man climbs inside and joins me , i asked him what was going on , he laughed at me and said soon enough , we drove away and out of the back glass , the watchtower was on fire , they took me to a building , they called a hospital , i ' ve been here for how long i ' m not sure , but i ' ve heard a lot of their lies since they brought me here , they started with the watchtower , by telling me it was n't real , they said it was a figment of my mind , i started seeing years ago , after being put into a foster home , because of my parents double suicide , they could n't pinpoint a reason , but they said the watchtower was my parents in my mind , they said that the attention i had always longed for from them , i received from the tower , the affection that i needed from them , i received from the tower , that in fact the watchtower never existed , and that i burned it to the ground , the woman however was a different story , she was very real , in fact she happened to be my biological sister , that had been adopted some years before , they thought that my murdering her , was my minds way of expressing jealousy , they also added i did it , because she had parents now , it 's hard for me to believe that , but i meant what i did , the watchtower told me too , but the watchtower is no more , i watched it burn to the ground , but soon enough i will join it , i intend to end this nowt i will join the tower in the form of ash , to hell is where i ' m going , let me say goodbye for now , the fires already burning ... . a heart full of lead i love you .
my nose filled with the smell of ash , smoke , and burnt hair .
i swept ash under the table with my foot .
after the victims had turned to motionless lumps , the flames continued to burn , feasting on the bodies until nothing remained but ash .
the clouds were an ash black .
he twirled the ash tray in his hands and stubbed out one cigarette after another .
he took his original documents together with his sons and grandsons , tore them into small pieces and burned them on the small fire they had set , waiting until they were nothing but ash .
he then ground the ash with his boot until it was nothing but fine powder .
the man blew on the end of his joint , causing tiny red points of ash to drop onto his jeans .
smelling the pungent aroma of burnt material , he quickly flicked hot ash from the front of his hoodie .
empty cans topped with cigarette ash and half empty glasses with butts floating in them .
normally , before one of ralphs episodes there would be warning signs , like the plumes of smoke and ash that precede a volcanic eruption .
an image formed in his mind of people in a town below ; he was among them ; seeing the smoke and gas and ash fill the air .
there were no reds of molten lava , no colours whatsoever : just the grey of smoke and the grey of ash that began to cover everything and bleed the colour out of the world .
and the world was becoming grey : everywhere the taste and smell and colour of ash , that covered everything like dirty snow which would never melt .
in that moment he could taste the imagined memory of ash in his mouth .
the ash gray shawl draped over his shoulders bared arms that were covered with tendons .
locals to agnes riley gardens were shocked to - donna tutted , swiping the ash from her skirt and shaking her head in distress .
only a miracle kept the hanging branch of ash from falling from the tip of sally 's mother 's cigarette .
in the last decade or so air traffic had been crippled by volcanic ash spewing through the air , so the government had stepped up the funding for research of our country 's most active volcano in the lower 48 .
then they scrunched up the old vinyl signs , and murphy used his petrol lighter , and they burned quickly to a sticky ash .
he was covered with a sack , and his white hair was full of ash .
within moments , all that was left of the scaly beast was a pile of ash .
then , as her expression became tense and she brusquely flicked the ash from her cigarette onto the ground , perhaps it was simply because she was stung by the comment .
a cigarette butt was in a crystal ash tray next to the pastel orange chaise longue , and an unfinished drink , perhaps tasias usual sangra , had been left on the marble - topped coffee table .
lois kastenmeier would ve fainted to see her finery so close to beverages and cigarette ash .
his usual corona cigar was smoldering on an intricately carved ash receiver resting on a mahogany , flat - top desk .
despite the smell of soot and ash and one of patous finest , the room also smelled like stale wine .
silence fell over the room like a shroud , perfuming the air with a curious mix of cigarette ash and copper .
the blood is soaked through and there s soot and ash everywhere .
he drops the bat and turns for the door , rattles the thin piece of wood from its frame , takes three steps down to the ash path and is away , feet puffing dust toward his tied hound and her empty bowels .
the words drop into delaneys ear like ash from an urn .
all because the lady loves , foggy mimicks the voice over , tapping the joint into the ash tray in his lap .
foggy pushes nigel into the front room as hash walks through the peeling forest towards the kitchen table , the ash tray is piled high like indira gandhis funeral pyre .
a little later , and rick e. delaney watches dj bend to a knee and point his lens at the smoking white ash , top lip curled in concentration .
the girl who was decked out in red chiffon and hair styled like nichole kidman at the oscars was now clad in jeans and a tee - shirt , lank ash blonde hair given no attention to , and makeup minimal .
my hair is the same ash blonde as my norwegian mothers .
chaucer brushed some ash off his black dress pants .
all of her things had been put away , and the place no longer smelled like a car ash tray .
angie set her glass on the counter and tapped her cigarette over the ash tray .
i must have dozed off because when i next heard something i opened my eyes to almost complete darkness ; the fire was just about out , only a dim glow from some ash remained , and i could nt decide what had awakened me .
every surface in the room had a coating of volcanic ash in a vain attempt to find a print .
you re spreading ash all over the place by the way .
built on an old waterlogged ash dump , the metrocentre had built its reputation on being the biggest .
my lungs immediately burn as if i inhaled fire and ash .
but fresh ash and empty food cartons discarded everywhere proved abu 's assertions that this was the place , ' the invaders ' rat nest .
trying to control the flex response of my throat , fighting off a coughing spasm , i drew shallow breaths but could still taste grit and ash on my tongue and teeth .
i blinked away more tears , trying to see ahead but every time they d clear , more smoke , more ash would fill them .
the onyx surface was clear though far from clean , even in dim light from the doorway mug stain rings and small piles of cigarette ash were visible .
he put the ash into a bag and dusted it into the parks lawn where it disappeared between the blades of grass .
64 twenty miles from ground zero , the airborne clouds of smoke and ash filtered down unabated across the homes , boulevards , and farmhouses .
a trace of black ash and bones near the burnt - out gas pumps marked the spot where the maniac had immolated himself .
i thought he was considering telling me to just flick ash on the ground , maybe the butt , too .
the little table was crowded with empty beer bottles , full ash trays and cigarette packets .
it had happened so fast ; one minute they were full of life , the next a smouldering heap of ash .
it was black , covered in ash .
a shower of ash and spark surrounded us .
i was covered in ash and the uncovered parts of my arms and legs did nt have any hair left .
i looked down at my hands and saw the ash ; the vision of the tree being consumed in brilliant orange flames caused my eyes to flood .
ralph pumped the sink for me while i rinsed the ash from my skin .
the smell of ash was as strong here as it had been in my vision , but a light breeze carried other scents that mingled strangely into a smell that was almost euphoric , like a campfire in the mountains surrounded by evergreen and aspen trees .
i snatched it from the desk , shook off the ash , and revealed my fathers last letter to me .
hope dropped some ash into the crystal ashtray .
jones tapped some ash of his own into his ashtray , his elbow resting by it on the exquisitely varnished table , next to a large illustrated book on the great white fleets circumnavigation of the world .
badami tapped away some ash into his enameled , jade encrusted ashtray .
george hope smirked and dropped some ash into the brackish brown crystal ashtray and with a similar flick , this time from the chin murmured , the man who ran naked into the hudson ?
longworry spat , and flicked the cigarette ash into the breeze .
the soil was blacked , and there were sprinkles of ash and charcoal , but not the old fire debris which one would expect .
then when it was finished someone got a spade and dug out the ash and took it away .
it will be something to look for when we go diving , a big pile of ash sitting on top of the mud .
it was clearly fire residue , a grey fine ash with bits of charcoal and other fragments of small detritus .
i know you looked at this the other day , but then it was covered with a fine layer of ash , dust and leaves .
when the ash settled , it had to be decided whether or not to rebuild the town .
shit and ash .
flecks of ash landed on his tongue and he was surprised at the taste .
the bridge was gone as was the falling ash .
while climbing the tall stairs , he thought about the word ash .
then one day she showed up with the ring still on her finger , but also with a swollen eye that was the color of ash and a lame excuse about why she could n't stay with jesus and me anymore .
rebecca hargreaves shook the ash from the bent head of a lone giant sunflower , which had somehow , missed the blast .
the baby turned to ash and crumbled to nothing .
hengist laughed slightly , fly ash my boy .
around 1940 the united states started mixing concrete with fly ash which is nothing more than the soot from refineries or refectoriesi forget which .
there were dozens of hotspots still smoldering through heaps of black ash all along the coast in both directions and as the ship drew within gunshot , not a soul could be seen anywhere .
after the pinnace rested on the surface veronica saw that the water was black from all the ash and it stunk like rotting fish .
warin and the guard jumped over the side into three feet of water and pulled the pinnace onto the beach which was also black , covered with a heavy mud from all the ash .
his lips were tightly drawn over clinched teeth and veronica watched as an involuntary tear betrayed his resolve and rolled down his cheek leaving a white line as it washed away both ash and blood .
the table and chairs had a layer of ash over them as did the trees which looked like black christmas tree flocking .
you are of course aware of our clever ozone containers and the damage they can have on buildings made of cement containing fly ash ?
she then pulled back his hair and combed it with her fingers , gently removing small debris , snarls and ash and then leaned over and kissed his neck .
once that happens , what we will be left with is a scattered and scared people in a vast country of ash ; underscoring again our position of strength .
before this day is over the entire world will be a smoldering ash .
hank and matt rode along the old 401 highway which was now a pile of rocks and ash .
as they made way , they occasionally struck items in the water but it was too dark to see what they were exactly and even if the sun were up , the water was like thick black oil from all the ash in it .
as they approached the ruins of the once great panama city still smoldering under great piles of twisted metal and mountains of ash , they could see a very wide channel heading inland over the isthmus .
not a single soul was seen on the beach or anywhere along the coast and much like every other coast they had passed , the water was black and heavy with ash accompanied by a rancid smell .
the original canal was completed in 1914 , long before fly ash was used in concrete but in 2015 , a new and much larger canal was completed to accommodate larger ships that were too large to fit into the old canal .
looking at the gaping channel cut through the isthmus it was obvious that the new canal was made from concrete containing fly ash and the minimum totally obliterated it .
once inside the strait , both sides were black with wreckage and ash but where that ended , the jungle rose up thick and beautiful .
the ash in the water made it thick like coagulating blood and being an alchemist at heart , guss mind wondered for a few minutes as he contemplated the chemical makeup of the water and how deadly it might be to all the sea life .
dehydration had already claimed three lives on board her ship although they had stopped several times on their trek northward , all port facilities had been destroyed by the minimum and all the water they were able to find was contaminated by ash and death .
as matthew made his way toward kensington palace , he was surprised to see the new make - shift roads through the mountains of black ash and snow that were actually more like deer trails but it did make travel a little easier rather than having to pick ones way through all the rubble .
the minimum had destroyed most of what was once the proud city of sheerness and after the terrible storm ; most of the ash and debris had been washed away , leaving only a few skeletal buildings rising through the deep snow .
he stood up and brushed ash of his jacket .
and to get even the most casual of browser into a literary mood , framed pictures of writers and poets even i had nt heard of hung on the walls , overlooking ash trays and tea cups set about the place in matching number and scatter .
he replied , flicking ash towards the corner of the room .
i brushed the ash from my jacket onto the floor and on cranstons command joined them in the car .
his whole business was calculating the cost of life , and he knew his bodyguards would end mine in a second if he simply flicked an ash from his cuban cigar .
cosmo led the way around the promontory at the north end of cheltenham beach , across the rocks beneath the cliffs with their multicolored strata made up , so he told me , of sandstone and mudstone and volcanic ash .
mr aoki flicked ash away .
everything outside the circle was smashed to bits and he could see a lot of ash and singed bits of floorboard .
fhat a pain in the ash , gelia quietly muttered through her teeth and turned the wheel , making another sharp bend .
yeah , i m not hungry , either , donna says between puffs on her cigarette , absently wiping away an ash that the breeze has carried to the bosom of her tan summer dress .
i do nt know , donna allows , flicking ash out the window of her new perch in the passenger seat , it just seemed really messed up at the time .
first came the exile from his downtown high rise apartment , out to the relatively upscale blue ash suburb , one hundred percent due to his finally snapping over the appointment of mayor milton to the freaking secretary of transportation post .
blue ash it is , then , which maybe accomplishes nothing , but then again does yank certain revenues out of the greater cincinnatis tax collection mitts .
for her own disguise tracy favors a lengthy ash blonde wig , a black leather skirt , a garish shade of red lipstick last worn by serious folk in the 1980s , three inch suede leopard spotted heels , and giant purple sunglasses on par with something elton john might have once rocked the piano in .
he s a few steps behind her , and they are ankle deep in some greyish white ash that probably shares a great deal in common with a similar substance observed blowing out of the barge , the source of which is too grisly for him to contemplate .
its from the crematorium chimneys , came the answer , the wind has changed and it is blowing the smoke and ash this way .
still , to merry gay , tommy was like cold ash maintaining its unburned form until touched .
the soft spots of gray ash where the other houses had burned looked purged of their owners ' belongings , their ratty bedding and clothes .
across the tracks , raindrops fried in the hot ashes from the house fires and lifted tiny puffs of smoke and ash ; the houses left standing looked sodden , dark and empty .
june 13 , friday 9:37 a.m. on interstate 75 in central florida emerging into the bright morning sunshine like a slippery newborn colt out of her mothers womb , the mint green nose of the chrysler minivan slid slowly out of the fog bank onto the moist black asphalt billy , staring at the back of his mothers ash blonde head whined for the second time in fifteen minutes .
at the mention of cambridge , dana 's bagel suddenly tasted like ash .
but now that s gone ; now its a pile of ash blown away by the wind .
they turned to ash and blew away .
as he smokes he taps the ash into the vat , and i wonder if this is his secret ingredient for making his coffee taste so unique .
tables and chairs were involved in the melee , as were assorted beer bottles , glasses , ash trays , menus , and still - burning candles .
they glowed red with just a light powdering of white ash .
a sweating soft drink bottle and an ash tray full of butts sat on the table beside her .
senator hillary dewitt of rhode island , her political advisor shane bader , bob cutter , ceo of inter continental network , and george salazar , billionaire hedge fund operator and notorious currency speculator , are huddled at a round table covered with a stained white cloth and littered with ash trays , crushed cups , napkins and a few half eaten plates of hors d'oeuvres .
alyssa squirmed around and put the bank statements into the growing flames , watching as her last scrap of morality twisted into ash in the heat .
he knocked ash off his cigar , and then said , ` ` give us a moment with your mother please , alyssa . ''
born from ash a sampler by robert maas smashwords edition copyright 2014 robert maas * * * * smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
here is the first of several references to the title of this sampler , born from ash .
this is another link to the title born from ash .
he began to stride in that direction , kicking briefly through the cold ash of the previous nights fire .
watch the cigarette smoke : more ash .
the sky had slowly taken on the color of old ash , but she did n't care .
the focal point of each of the rooms was an oval table made of seasoned ash encircled by twelve chairs also made of ash with dark blue leather padding .
the focal point of each of the rooms was an oval table made of seasoned ash encircled by twelve chairs also made of ash with dark blue leather padding .
she said and pointed the ash end of her smoke at roxanne .
when the oak fire has burned down to live coals and ash , shelton places an iron skillet from the cabin over the coals and pours a coating of rancid oil from johns store inside to heat up .
smoke poured out as fragments of paper and ash floated on the toxic breeze .
her eyes were bloodshot , skin bruised from the beating and still sooty from the ash .
the fires still smoldered but she could see firefighters and police now sifting through the ash .
he was a handsome incarnation of the man she had travelled with , who had been beaten , bruised and smudged with ash from the flames of pentecost .
lotto pointed the ash end of the cigar at thomas eye .
lotto punched the ash end of his cigar out in this ashtray which thomas always took as a sign that the man was ready for business .
the ash dripped off his cig and landed on the soft synthetic materials of his dashboard .
that shame had settled on everything and everyone like fine volcanic ash and it took a long time for it to wash away .
his name is , as you might guess , is ash .
tabby , this is ash .
maybe ill find ash at some point in the future , but he wo nt remember me anymore .
i started to read : decipher the letter from ash .
find ash and find the place from the picture with the ribbon - colored sea .
you re a buddy , he flicked the ash off to the concrete floor , but then , when your wife leaves you in a mysterious way , you turn into a monster .
tabby and ash , i thought .
the same ash pathway leading to it .
hours later the bottle was empty and all that remained of his fags was a pile of ash and cigarette butts on the floor .
i mean look at those indentations under the ash . ''
but her footprints are on top of the ash .
` ` meaning by the time hannah got there the fire had burned long enough to create a thin coat of ash on the ground .
` ` but it 's just a thin coat of ash .
the fire had been burning long enough to create that thin coat of ash and hannah stepped on that .
there was ash on them but very little dirt .
her footprints would n't have been on top of the ash .
if the fire was burning there would have been ash on the ground outside the door .
ash , no ash , little holes in the ground .
` ` her footprints are on top of the ash , '' josie said .
` ` underneath the ash are indentations . ''
` ` you walked into the west wing before the fire started and you walked out before there was ash on the ground .
she walked through the ash into a burning house to save her paintings .
he took another swig from the bottle and stared at the ash at the end of his cigarette .
i nodded and snubbed out my cigarette on the ash tray .
even looking at myself sets off some suppressed pangs of anger : every part of my six - foot frame screams of my scandinavian heritage , right up to my ash blonde , nearly white hair , and almost non - existent eyebrows .
then , holding hands , they crept out the cave to find the centuries - old lavascape just as they d left it no birds , mongoose , or insects here and only a whiff of ash and cinder that tickled the nostrils .
she found a deserted plantation warehouse still bearing the fading title of the hamakua sugar company , its roof wracked with holes , its floor littered with fallen rafters and the air reeking of hobo urine and bitter ash .
he flicked the ash from the tip of his cigarette and peered at the body with more intent .
he had nt moved except for the increasing ash of his cigarette .
smoke drifted out of the shattered window in a thick stream and more smoke trailed in thinner columns to meet with the retreating clouds of ash .
his hands were filthy and he could only imagine the layer of film that accumulated due to dust and ash and blood .
on the wall opposite the door , surrounded by cracked beige tiles , an old rayburn back - burner is choked with winter ash .
eyes widened , the girl noticed the large chunk of burning ash hanging precariously over her bare legs .
only seven and the sky was black but without stars , the sun hidden by clouds of ash .
the ash from the fallout could be heavy .
that ash will turn into concrete if it gets into your lungs .
the fumes and ash has nt hurt us .
the falling ash from the second volcano would get into the engine and if they did nt land they would be joining the family below .
the pilot frantically searched with the helicopters spotlight , trying to see through the smoke and falling ash .
any further up the mountain and well be too close to the falling ash and well be joining them below .
the ash cleanup could take years , and most of the people would pack up and leave , never to return home .
everywhere you looked gray volcanic ash covered everything .
even though the roads were difficult to see , the snowplows kept ahead of the falling ash .
evening quickly fell , adding to the darkness of the ash making it more hazardous to travel , but everyone felt the need to get away .
the search and rescue efforts of the national guard would take place as soon as the ash cloud stopped .
the ash fallout had made it very hard to breathe at first , but once they accepted it , it no longer bothered them .
the pilot started getting nervous about the ash that had settled in the engine .
the falling ash slowed , not coming down as heavily as before and the fire still remained mainly on the mountain .
the town , now dark , covered over with ash , could barely be recognized .
i fiddled around with bertrams keys , tapped the jags of one them against the spout of my cigarette , watched the ash from the tip loosen , fall , then started to try the keys in the insert i was hoping caused the building door to unlock .
he sat there for a good few minutes and as he did so , the fire in his gaze was gradually doused out by the well of his loss until it had become mere ash and embers .
their faces were the color of ash and their eyes were spread wide open .
the delicate plume of white vapour which had heralded the current eruption had rapidly transformed into a great , billowing cloud of dense , black smoke , which both spiralled up into the air above the volcanic peak and also streamed down the sides of the mountain , engulfing the trees and vegetation in a thick blanket of choking dust and ash .
the fire danced and flickered in sympathetic rhythm to the music , little sparks of blazing ash breaking off from the main conflagration and spiralling upwards , eventually disappearing in the gloom of the cloudy , night sky .
with his ash blonde hair and light blue eyes , he was how she imagined william would look now he was a man .
a thumb nail of ash scatters down gavins suit .
i try to clean it off , but i end up working the ash into the fabric .
with that , i break and burn to a heap of ash .
no dna traces had shown up in the ash and residue , but no one could have survived such an explosion either .
still they d found no dna traces in the ash , and they d taken more than thirty samples .
the smell of wet ash was strong .
there was a big living room with navajo rugs and worn furniture and a fireplace heaped with last winter 's ash .
in contrast to the warm colors of the rosewood box , the inlaid rose had been crafted of a pale wood , probably ash , which shone clearly in the dim light .
he poked through the drifts of ash inside , still slightly warm , and then he pulled the shaft of the burned key from the ignition and popped the trunk .
he was n't a smoker , but he lit numerous cigarettes and held them between his fingers and flicked ash on the carpets , on the dash , on the wheel .
the stick was a straight seventeen - inch length of an ash bough , as thick as a child 's wrist , cut to fit the kitchen grate .
he fixed the tortoiseshell handle to the ash bough with the rubber bands .
he pulled the ash bough back , slowly and carefully .
in the moonlight it looked ash gray to me .
between the thumb and first two fingers of her right hand she held one of bond 's cigarettes , as an artist holds a crayon , and though she smoked with composure , she tapped the cigarette occasionally into an ash - try when the cigarette had no ash .
between the thumb and first two fingers of her right hand she held one of bond 's cigarettes , as an artist holds a crayon , and though she smoked with composure , she tapped the cigarette occasionally into an ash - try when the cigarette had no ash .
one by one , you take a puff at your cigarette , knock off the ash , like this , and touch the top of the paper with the lighted end - just enough to burn a tiny hole , like this . '
he tapped his ash on to the carpet and crossed one knee over the other .
he cut the cards to drax with his left hand and with his right knocked the ash off his cheroot into the copper ashtray in the corner of the table .
bond heard the faint hiss as the burning ash hit the water .
there were traces of cigarette ash in the folds of the admiralty chart .
drax reached out a long arm and tapped the ash of his cigar off on to the floor .
he carried his bag across the parched lawn , between the beds of beauty bush and forced gladioli , and let himself into the neat spare double room with the armchair , the bedside table , the currier and ives print , the chest of drawers and the brown plastic ash - tray that are standard motel equipment all over america .
the final ash fell off the end of general g. 's cigarette on to his tunic .
m picked his pipe out of the big copper ash - tray and began to fill it , thoughtfully watching his fingers at work with the tobacco .
every now and then he shook the pipe sideways so that the ash fell on the floor .
bond turned the pages of country life and flicked ash off his cigarette into the grate .
the governor examined the end of his cigar , took a quick pull and held the cigar upright so that the long ash would not fall off .
he watched the ash warily throughout his story and spoke as if to the thin trickle of blue smoke that rose and quickly disappeared in the hot , moist air .
the ash was about to fall and he bent carefully over towards the drink tray and let the ash hiss into his coffee cup .
the ash was about to fall and he bent carefully over towards the drink tray and let the ash hiss into his coffee cup .
it was masters who tidied up the house when he came back in the evening and found cigarette ash and chocolate papers all over the place .
then he took a puff at the cigar , knocked the ash off onto the floor , and leaned forward .
mixed with ash .
it had a half - inch blade and a nice ash handle .
cold ash from an old fire in the hearth .
he flicked ash from the cigarette .
there were three sofas in a rectangle around a cold fireplace full of last winter 's ash .
her skin was the same color as the ash .
swinton flicked the ash from his cigar into alec 's glass of wine , and said , ` ` you have a big bundle of stock in roffe and sons , do n't you , alec baby ? ''
the bat is usually made of ash , not more than two and three quarter inches in the greatest diameter , and not more than forty - two inches in length . ''
paul ash did not invite me to travel around the country with him , but there was one interesting fallout from the paul ash contest .
janine 's mouth gaped , the ash of her cigarette breaking off , spilling over her rigid hand .
malone 's building would soon be ash .
klein tamped down the ash in his pipe .
witkowski moved the cigarette to the right eye , an ash falling into it .
crossing to it , metrace lifted the stove lid , revealing glowing orange ash .
that 's paper ash , a lot of it .
she examined every scrap of metal , splinter of wood , fiber of cloth , and pile of ash .
` ` it 'll take me days , if not weeks to sift through the debris for any human ash .
she had cleaned them of the coating of ash , so that they gleamed an ivory color .
he rubbed off the snow , ash , and soot to read their names , which he 'd memorized from the packet of intel he 'd gotten from typhon .
dust and ash . ''
but nothing remained inside the concrete - block building except ash and cinders .
kim rose from her work : two metal trays filled with ash , charred bits of bone , and half - burned cloth .
when she pulled the stick out the can fell over , causing a shower of gray ash to scatter from the opening .
' there is more ash here than one could reasonably expect for a cooking fire .
he was more or less at the level of the second - story windows , which were , of course , all shut tight against both intruders and the city 's toxic ash .
the poker game had given up the ghost an hour ago , leaving the house off dupont circle redolent of the scents of men'and women'hard at play : cigar ash , leftover pizza , stale but honest sweat , and the ephemeral but powerful odor of money .
and then he saw it - conklin 's walking stick , polished ash with the turned silver knob at its top .
he tapped the ash off his cigar into a brass ashtray .
lloyd - philips , in a cheap suit , frayed at the cuffs , sported a gingery mustache and thinning hair that might once have been the same color , but now seemed dusted with ash .
taking up the ash shovel , he brought the long brass handle across bourne 's throat and , using all his weight , pressed down .
the ash from his unsmoked cigarette toppled soundlessly to the carpet , where it lay between his feet .
she could smell the old ash and creosote coating the firebrick after decades of use and , judging by what she saw , years of neglect .
then he struck a match , held it to the corner of the paper , which burned steadily until it crumbled into ash .
it was so warm the fireplace held only cold , white ash .
' we 'll make the hair light ash , but not as blond as you were after paris .
that ash tone varies with the lighting and we can use the same picture on each of these li'l dears with considerable differences - still retaining the face .
the blood drained from his head , his skin taking on the pallor of ash , his eyes steady , unblinking .
` ` first , let us discuss the fee , '' he said as the note coiled into flaming black ash .
` ` tremont contemplated the thick ash of his cigar .
tremont sipped his brandy , turned his cigar to study the ash , and nodded as if he had expected this .
there 'll be a private islamic service , and their remains will be flown back to dubai for burial in ash sharigah .
and everywhere was ash , and soot , and the lumpy remains of a fast - burning chemical fire .
mary 's room , and the rest of the house , was nothing but ash .
soon he saw the second signpewter - gray ash and soot that dusted vegetation and structures .
the farther he went , the heavier the ash grew , a ghostly blanket over buildings , trees , bushes , signshellip ; everything and anything .
the search had been remarkably thorough : even the ashes in the fireplace had been swept aside and then moved back ; someone had looked in the ash box , another clever hiding place he had n't used .
she saw that they 'd brought one of the robotic gizmos , which meant the museo di torcello would soon be ash .
as with what should have happened to the man in copenhagen , rafael would soon be ash .
she carefully removed it and spied teeth , a shoulder blade , a thigh bone , part of a skull , and ash .
far down the gray length of bluebell , a man in baggy coveralls dribbles ash from his cigarette onto the tiles over which he is dragging , with exquisite slowness , a filthy mop .
they were all going to look decidedly strange in the future ( however short that might be ) ; their hair , short by regulation , now looked like blackened , tangled clots of ash on top of their heads .
there was nothing left of the chickens charlie had set on fire but a few charred bones and a peculiar , dense ash that might have been feathers .
` ` did n't you dump that banker guy because he tasted like ash ? ''
would ' ve been like seeing his long lost friend , emilio , again , if he had n't cut emilio into four pieces and burned his traitorous ass into a pound of ash in a rusted - out oildrum .
he 'd mixed the ash into a gallon of lukewarm water and made emilio 's widow drink it before he shot her between the eyes .
isaiah dragged on his cigarette , the ash cherry flaring and fading .
i looked over at the hearth , saw that the fire had reduced itself to a pile of warm fine ash .
the air that streamed through the vents smelled like old , wet ash .
the stars shone through the pines , and he was caught up in a fever dream - crawling toward a stream and dying of thirst , but every time he reached the water and cupped a handful to his mouth , it turned to ash and the wind took it .
jack flicked off the ash .
he smells like cigarette smoke , booze , and ash , and the three scents combined make me want to vomit .
and only when it 's nothing but ash , gone , dead , burned , do i feel content again .
he began dabbing his thumb in the bowl and rubbing ash on his eyelids .
i glanced over to the hearth , wondering why there was n't more heat from the fire , only to see that it was unlit and the grate grey and dusty with ash .
the world burned until naught remained but ash .
one woman turned the color of cigar ash as she bent at the knees and yelled , get back up here , get back up here now , goddamnit !
she thought about it for a minute , her cigarette ash growing white and hooked .
she nodded several times and shaved some ash off against the rim of the ashtray .
she shrugged and flicked an ash on the marble floor .
he took a drag from it , the fat forgotten ash tipping forward and dropping to the bar .
metal gleamed up through the pile of ash .
i reached down , scattered the ash , and picked up a key .
her land trembled so badly the ash dropped off the cigarette onto the couch .
he shrugged , brushed at the ash on his jacket .
he tapped the pipe hard against his leg , dumping the ash and resin , his face flushed .
she flicked her cigarette ash on his floor .
he stared at his cigarette , then flicked ash into the sink .
her cigarette fed ash into the ashtray and a pirouette of smoke into the air .
she flicked her cigarette ash at me .
he took the cigarette from his mouth , tapped the ash into the black plastic ashtray .
he took another drag off his cigarette and his eyes left us and followed the smoke as it pirouetted from the ash and floated over angie 's shoulder .
she tapped her ash on the floor .
helene raised a can of miller to her lips with the same hand that held her cigarette , and the long ash curled down toward her chin as she drank .
he was in his late fifties probably , squat , and the hair cropped tight to his head was the color of cigarette ash .
she stared at me with still , empty eyes , her ash - blond hair falling limply around her face , as if it had been plastered to the sides of her head with a wet palm .
both bodies had thickened with gas and turned the white of volcanic ash after blood stopped pumping through their veins .
angie flicked her cigarette ash over the top of her window .
broussard flicked ash into the street .
he tapped some ash from the cigar , put it back in his mouth , and looked at me .
angie 's cigarette had burned to a long curve of white ash in the ashtray , and she pushed the filter off the indented crevice that held it .
lionel stared into ryerson 's cigar ash , then eventually shook his head .
she removed the cigarette , flicked the ash on the floor behind her , and leaned into the counter .
she tapped a modicum of ash into a crystal ashtray .
diane bourne shaved some excess ash off against the waterford crystal .
she shaved off another sliver of ash in the crystal .
dr . bourne 's cigarette had turned to a curled finger of white ash in the crystal tray .
she leaned forward , tapped some ash into the tray .
diane bourne flicked some ash and missed the ashtray .
oscar tapped some ash off his cigar .
siobhan flicked her ash into the ashtray .
she had ash - blond hair cut in a bob and not a strand of it out of place .
the living room was white on white - white couch , white throw rugs , off - white fireplace mantel , ash - white logs in the ivory metal log basket , a huge white christmas tree towering over it all from a corner .
he smoked a cigarette with the kind of loud , liquid smacks that made you never want to smoke a cigarette , and flicked the ash in the vicinity of an overflowing ashtray by his right hand .
a sucking noise as he took a drag off his cigarette and flicked the ash onto the faux - oak floor .
off the wharves , the sunday streets were cold and quiet , dusted from snow that had been falling all morning , the flakes tiny and dry as ash .
danny tapped some ash from his cigarette as the launch cut its engine .
she tapped her ash against the parapet .
the streets were empty , and much of the reason , luther knew , had to do with the flu , but it was also because there would n't seem to be much point to walk streets where all the buildings were either blackened or crumbled or lost forever beneath rubble and ash .
whole blocks were nothing but ash , great piles of it that the early - eve ning breeze blew from one side of the street to the other , just trading it back and forth .
so much ash that not even a tornado could have erased it all .
it went on for some time , and he felt as if he were puking up soot and yellow fi re and ash .
he was steaming away from a whole country , the motherland that had given him his name and his nature , now wholly unfamiliar , now foreign ash .
finch crossed his legs and flicked ash into the tray beside his chair .
her jaw tightened and her eyes remained ash , but she stepped back from the door enough so danny and his father could enter the room .
thomas considered the ash at the end of his cigar .
he held it out to the wind and watched the wind eat the ash until the flame glowed underneath .
thomas looked over at him and claude flicked his ash into the sea and took another hungry puff .
the city would become rubble and ash .
` ` such men love ash . ''
connor and o'keefe 's -- ash .
around them , gray ash and the endless crunch of glass .
the el car rolled through a shell of a city , a ghost town of ash and glass pebbles .
she thought about it a bit , that birthmark rippling every time she stretched up the bed to tap ash off her cigarette .
along the wall , joe and maso stopped to watch an orange moon as big as the sky itself rise over the factory smokestacks and the fields of ash and black poison , and maso handed joe a folded piece of paper .
he flicked his ash on the desk .
he noticed sal looking white as ash and moist as a hot towel .
` ` it kind of looks like an ash field ... except for the steam .
he waited , patient only because he knew this male 's death would bring him one step closer to fulfilling the vow he 'd made some twelve weeks ago ... the night his world had disintegrated into a pile of ash and rubble .
it was the same thing she 'd been asking herself some three months ago , when another darkhaven had fallen to tragedy -- a tragedy that also had left behind only ash and smoke in its wake .
he walked unfazed through the smoldering ash and ruin on the pavement .
she took a step forward , only to back off a second later as blackened leaves and pine needles fell from their branches around him and turned to white ash at his feet .
so much smoke and ash .
she wondered how long it would take for her to forget this vibrant , magnetic side of him again , once the dust and ash settled on the perilous journey they found themselves on together .
the spinning white - hot orbs struck their targets in an instant , incinerating the vampires on impact , bodies and weapons reduced to a flurry of drifting ash and molten bits of metal showering down from the top of the double staircases .
the same location where she 'd felt the anguish of losing andreas in that pile of smoking rubble and ash .
still , she kept moving toward it , transfixed by the earthen crater of rubble and smoldering ash that had collapsed inward with the blast .
tears filled her eyes , her hands trembling as she held them out to him through the smoke and pale , floating ash that was raining down like snowflakes from the canopy of trees above .
the choking ash and smoke cleared away .
the flower crumbled in his palm as if it were made of ash , as if it had already been dead .
` ` you look like somebody dragged you by the hair through an ash factory , '' eve said .
he left behind a skeleton that slowly collapsed into ash in the middle of the cage .
only her golden hair was left , and even that was flecked with ash and slowly crisping .
with a soft shiver , my aura finished rising through me , carrying the thought of my body with it and coalescing around my mind to leave a nasty taste of ash on my tongue .
i was covered in ash .
angry , i rubbed an ash - coated chunk of strawberry off my sleeve .
came a worried call from the door , and i looked up from the bit of ash that was left of my hair .
i ran the water a long time , cleaning the basin until there was not even a hint of ash .
seeing me stirring the ash at the center of the pit for signs of life , he crossed the room to set that ugly ceremonial knife with the writhing woman on it beside the bag .
again my head nodded , and i dropped a chunk of wood in the pit to serve as a heat trap , snuggling it into the ash .
` ` yes , '' i said shortly , thinking the ash on my hands smelled better than the burnt amber that permeated the place .
it was a joined spell , and i could taste the three of us mixing , the bite of metal and ash , the powdery residue of sun and pollen , and the cold edge of wild , windswept water in winter .
outside pierce 's circle , paths of ash showed where the spell had started to take hold , but the garden was green .
almost like an oil , the scent of ash coated me .
` ` no worries , lovey , '' he murmured , his gloves showing the black of ash as he set the pyramid away .
i felt the bubble go down , leaving a white disk of ash where the carpet had burned away .
inside it a few pathetic bones glowed red hot and then crumbled into fine ash .
he knocked the ash off his cigar .
the paper was ash in seconds .
` ` no , i ' m having dinner with mom and ash . ''
` ` hey , ash . ''
ashley still lived with mom while she attended school , and they often drove together ; driving was a touch uncomfortable for ash .
i discreetly winked at ash , to let her know that i had no intention of doing anything of the sort .
staring at ash , and not even bothering to hide it , she asked , ` ` what'cha want ? ''
he started , but ash was too excited to notice .
i supposed , just like ash , he was n't one to question someone else 's differences .
` ` he would never harm me , ash .
` ` but there is n't ... and i do n't want to be a full vampire , not that you 'd change me any more than you 'd change ash . ''
` ` i am dating a vampire , ash . ''
she wiped off a few drops as i brokenly told her , ` ` he 's leaving , ash . ''
` ` he thought he had more time , ash .
` ` i know , ash .
` ` please do n't worry about me , ash .
mom and ash were still dazed when she left .
` ` thanks , ash . ''
tracey and ashley both laughed at my reaction and ash muttered that it was sort of hypocritical for me to wear white , when i was already pregnant .
he leaned in to kiss me and then excused himself so ash and i could excitedly whisper about the wedding .
i nodded , agreeing with her , and showed her the areas of the house i could , while tracey and ash changed back into regular clothes .
she walked slowly and stiffly from the room , sort of resembling the way ash walked .
as ash and tracey adjusted the clingy , blood red fabric of their dresses , i put a hand on my stomach and exhaled slowly and carefully , hoping pure will power could convince my belly that everything was fine .
i sobbed into the phone as ash sobbed into her end .
ash and i walked around to the other side , and i helped ash get in the back seat , wanting her as far away from the stranger as possible .
` ` no , ash .
even though the place was n't technically my childhood home , that one having burned down when i was young , this place had memories of me and mom and ash , and now memories of my children .
` ` that 's amazing , ash .
mom and ash found a spot near the front to park and tracey finally noticed they were here when ash stepped out of my mom 's compact .
according to the world , they were both monsters , ash on the outside , teren on the inside .
i was pretty sure ash would cry , or freak out , or demand to come over here , and mom would n't buy teren 's cover story after witnessing my sister going into hysterics .
` ` did ash stay the night too ?
the kids started complaining that i was leaving , then seeing where they were , they started complaining that they could n't go see ash too until teren finally revealed where they were going .
i heard ash mutter that she was coming long before she made it to the door .
` ` i ' m fine , ash , better than ever . ''
especially with ash .
` ` oh , ash ... '' she smiled again , tears in her eyes but joy in her expression .
rolling my eyes , i dragged ash to the edge of it and made her sit down .
i stayed up late into the night once mom and ash turned in , just listening to everyone breathing .
` ` it will be fine , ash . ''
pleasantly plump , mom was sort of what ash and i would have looked like in the future , if life had n't deviated us .
alanna and imogen put their arms around me as ash turned to sit with mom and nika in the living room ; i could hear my mom humming and rocking my distraught daughter .
expecting to walk back to the living room to rejoin mom and ash , i was a little surprised when he twisted us so we left the main building .
as a rage boiled within me , i was immediately grateful that malcolm was already a pile of ash .
but , then again , if i 'd been mom , ash or jack , and i knew what my supernatural loved ones were doing , i would n't have been able to sleep either .
` ` emma and i have talked about what to do , whether to stay ... or go ... '' mom and ash both looked at me and i dropped my head .
` ` i ' m gon na miss you too , ash . ''
teren and i both turned to watch her walk away , julian leaning over to tell nika that he was going to marry auntie ash one day .
they arranged it to sit straddling the distribution hatch - a massive opening used to bring in coal and shovel out ash .
she could never have known he would belch steam up the older girl 's drawers and deposit a pile of ash on her very expensive pink kid slippers .
there 's wax remains of five blacky candles standing at each of the points of a pentagram that appears drawn onto the floorboards by ash of something like that .
red fire erupted , surrounding the hellhound in a whirling , incandescent cauldron of flame , burning it , consuming it , in little more than a blink of the eye , until there was nothing left , not even ash , to scatter lifelessly down to the floor .
a whip of lightning flicked across the layer of carcasses in the snow , turning them instantly to black ash .
as the last wriggling tentacle withered into ash , a huge bulb erupted a few feet from julian , its mouth yawning wide .
he then directed an orange flame at the still - pulsating organ , incinerating it to a fine gray ash .
the jagged whip leapt to the body , burning it to a fine ash before flames engulfed the blood on the ground and the nearest circle of bats .
flinging the heart as far from the flopping vampire as she could , she struck a spark off the rock wall , fanning the embers as she raced up the wall , then tossing the flames at the pulsating blackened organ so that it incinerated immediately to a fine ash .
she tossed the heart out onto the street so the jagged bolt of lightning nicolae was conducting could incinerate it into black , foul - smelling ash .
falcon struck fast and hard , a calculated risk , flying toward the bizarre figure made of ash , his fist outstretched before him .
the ball entered the mined chest , and before his eyes the betrayer blackened , withered , became the ash of the earth once again .
she was able to once more gather the particles of electric energy together and direct them to the bodies , leaving only fine ash to be scattered by the wind .
she kept her face averted as lucian gathered energy from the skies to direct straight to the heart so that it incinerated the organ into fine ash .
most vampires were messy with their kills and the remains usually had to be incinerated to a fine ash , leaving little for the human police to trace .
at once lightning slammed to the ground , incinerating the body to a fine ash .
dominic directed a fireball at it , watching with satisfaction as the last remnant turned to ash , completely incinerated .
the cat disintegrated into ash and the tree toppled with a terrible splintering crash .
the trail of burning ash grew long and wide , racing over the ground and under it , following the path of the vines back to the original source - the edge of the rain forest .
it was clear , seeing the blackened ash , the vine had been traveling toward the hacienda , searching for zacarias 's resting place .
to zacarias they looked like white - gray ash falling to the forest floor .
and then : ` ` white ash wood !
` ` white ash wood , '' said stefan .
meredith was sawing through caroline 's ankle cords ; matt was pummeling tyler in a way that certainly would have gotten him disqualified on the football field ; stefan was whirling that white ash staff as if he 'd been trained for it .
now she saw stefan bearing down with his white ash lance , pressing klaus to his knees , forcing him backward , farther and farther back , like a limbo dancer seeing how low he could go .
she did n't need to be told that white ash might be the only wood deadly to klaus , but that any wood was deadly to stefan .
hot lava poured through the vents the geysers had opened , spewing up from beneath the earth , ejecting ash and fire high into the air .
smoke and ash swirled together and drifted on the slight breeze .
it seemed to carry on forever , not some great bombastic spectacle of furious noise and spewing fire and ash but a quiet yet thorough annihilation .
he swallowed past the unwanted desire , his throat as dry as ash .
he pressed deeper , staring down at her , his voice little better than ash in the back of his throat .
soon the blood and ash of the violent hours earlier that night were sluiced away , leaving only tavia 's naked beauty before him .
her voice felt like ash in her throat , hardly recognizable to her own ears .
he asked , his voice sounding as dry as ash .
his throat was ash , blood thirst raking him like nails over scorched earth .
in the distance , great fires burned , choking the landscape with smoke and swirling ash .
his choked curse was ash on his tongue .
she did n't wait to watch the rogue 's body disintegrate into a heap of sizzling goo , then ash .
smoke and ash billowed from the smoldering shells of looted storefronts and residences that had been smashed open during the worst of the attacks .
as for the rogues who remained uncaged and loose in the cities around the world , the order would continue taking them out until the last one was ash in the street .
in it , i ' m a breakable little girl with ash covering my skin .
then it starts to rain , black raindrops laced with the ash and smoke .
i lift a strand of my hair , which is black as ash .
the ash and smoke is growing thicker and seems to be traveling from the direction we 're heading , so that means the city has to be getting closer .
the smoke rises , twisting up to the sky and polluting the air with ash and debris .
fires crackle from the barrels , pouring out smoke and ash into the streets and sky .
our eyes move to the sky , dark with smoke and ash .
the guy that speaks is tall and lean , with dark hair and eyes as black as ash .
the guy i speak to is a few years older , with dark hair , and eyes as black as ash .
there 's nothing left but ash .
rubbing the wound , i pick a stray piece of ash from my hair .
i shove off him and dust the ash off my hands , glancing around the street frantically .
i spot his eyes in the smoke and ash , but a needle stabs my neck and just as quickly as i ran through the crowd , i ' ve forgotten why i did it .
morning 's parting through the sky and the ash and smoke is thinning .
her skin 's like snow , her hair like ash .
my skin is charred with ash and chains dangle from my wrists .
it breaks into ash and the others shriek with murder .
it shifts to bones and ash .
it squeals at the night and combust into ash .
by the time i ' m done , a thick ring of ash encircles me .
sylas blinks and fixates on the slain vampires that are nothing more than ash .
they flutter to the ground , pieces of ash mixing with the sand .
i glance over my shoulder at the sand stained with ash .
my gaze elevates to the sky , hidden in smoke and ash .
the green grass is a sheet of ash and the trees are charred pieces of wood , striving to stay in the soil .
tristan scrambles by the ash and blood and squirms his way between sylas and i .
` ` but if ash figures it out - he 's the only one whomight realize- '' ` ` we are not going to get caught , '' rowan said .
` ` buti doworry , ash .
` ` mary - lynnette , this is ash .
` ` ash , this ismary - lynnette .
mrs . burdockdid say something about you ... about a littleboy named ash .
it helped if she looked away from ash .
she glanced at ash from the side of her eye .
mary - lynnette had an inexplicable impulse to knock ash flat and fall down on top of him .
she 'd nearly walked into ash .
it 's not ash coming back .
maybe it was just the scene with ash that had shaken her , made her feel confused and discontented .
like ash , i guess , mary - lynnette thought .
` ` i know because ash belongs to one . ''
but what about ash ? ''
who 's ash ? ''
after so many missed opportunities , it was going to sound extremely peculiar when she casually mentioned that , oh , yes , she 'd met ash .
` ` all ashthinksabout is ash .
` ` ash is n't here .
` ` mark , that 's ash . ''
what she found strange was that ash did n't return the smile .
rowan said , ` ` we ca n't go home , ash . ''
they all looked at ash .
` ` oh , ash , this is rich .
somewhere inside , you 're still that nice little kid , ash . ''
` ` what have you beendoing all night , ash ? ''
a dear voice sounded in her mind : whydoesn'tanybody say ` ` poor ash '' ?
she also considered it strange that ash would go to such trouble for her and rowan and kestrel - for any bodybesides ash .
she also considered it strange that ash would go to such trouble for her and rowan and kestrel - for any bodybesides ash .
` ` you and mark can sit in the front with me , '' marylynnette told jade , not looking at ash .
` ` it 's broad daylight , '' kestrel said disgustedly , but ash was already walking bunny away .
` ` she was staring at ash .
` ` come on , let 's go around back , '' she said , alreadywalking , not waiting for ash to reach them .
turned hisback on ash .
then he glanced back at ash , and mary - lynnette saw a gleam of teeth .
marylynnette expected ash to chime in , but ash was staring across the street broodingly , his hands in hispockets , apparently having given up on the conversation for the moment .
` ` and mary - lynnette - our father is alwaysyellingat ash for visiting the wrong kind of people on the outside .
she did n't turn back to look at ash .
she examined ash .
there seemed to be something wrong with ash , too .
wherever she 'd been going with ash , she 'd been getting in too deep .
even his own sisters had n't believed ash would n't hurt her .
his brown eyes were dark and his jaw was tight as he looked at ash .
and the fact that he did n't like ash at all .
` ` rowan , i always meant to ask you - you said that only ash could havefigured out where you were going when you ran away .
now that ash was indisputably all right , she wanted to forget what she 'd been feeling a minuteago .
she was more violent - she 'd kicked ash , had n't she ?
but what ash said was ` ` can we stop fightingnow ? ''
i 'll be beautiful and scary and dangerous and of course i 'll kiss ash a lot .
she couldfeel ash as he said the words , feel that hemeant them with desperate earnestness - and feel that there was a lot to make up for .
she wanted to stay here , alone with ash in the dark cathedral of the forest - but shedidfeel weak .
she stopped and looked at ash in alarm .
and a third part just kept saying ash .
mary - lynnette looked up from ash to the strangerwith jeremy 's face .
just now , as he stood over ash with his teeth all exposed and his chest heaving , jeremy looked completely , quietly insane .
and jeremy fell on ash , lunging down , head darting forward like a striking snake , like a biting dog , like every animal that kills with its teeth .
it stepped back and looked at the entire scene by the roadside : the car , which was still burning , sending clouds of choking white smokewhenever the wind blew the right way ; the limpfigure of ash on the pine needles ; the blur of snarling motion that was jeremy .
you have to keep him talking , keep him away from ash .
marylynnette did n't dare look at ash to see how badly hewas hurt .
do n't look at ash , do n't call attention to him , mary - lynnette thought desperately .
heart pounding , mary - lynnette grabbed the opportunity todart a look at ash .
now keep him distracted , keep him moving away from ash ... . ` ` go on , '' she said breathlessly .
it was going to tear ash 's throat out , like the horse , like the hiker ... mary - lynnette was running .
not toward ash .
it was n't easy and it was n't naturaland i 'll never forget the way he looked at me ... . then she thought , ash .
mary - lynnette picked up the shirt and dabbed at ash 's neck .
quinn glanced at aunt opal , then finally looked back at ash .
sheasked ash .
i ' m still in high school , ash . ''
mary - lynnette held on tighter and tighter , her face buried in ash 's shoulder .
they all smiled at ash and mary - lynnette in a way that made mary - lynnette blush .
it was right above ash 's path , as if lighting his way .
and ash would come back next year .
the faint scent of wood ash on them was n't unpleasant , but it seemed to cling to me .
nice little pile of ash on the berber carpet .
under it was that incenselike ash smell i identified with ivy , and i wondered if a vamp 's nose was as sensitive as a mouse 's .
i could hear her breath and smell the sweet - sour tang of wet ash and redwood : our scents dangerously mingling .
a heavy boot smelling of ash lashed out , striking my kidney .
it seemed to carry on forever , not some great bombastic spectacle of furious noise and spewing fire and ash , but a quiet , yet thorough , annihilation .
all the demons in ash knew how malkom had earned his bread as a boy , how he 'd eaten from their trash once he 'd grown too old for a vampire lord 's tastes .
far in the distance , in the city of ash , sacrificial pyres burned bright .
everything was just a gradation of brown , dirty white , or ash .
she exited that room into an even larger one , as large as any dwelling in the city of ash .
this is how we punish criminals in ash .
as he stepped across the threshold , the sun shone brightly , even more strongly than in ash .
there were too many of them , and malkom was still weakened from his imprisonment in ash , from his journey across the desert .
she rubbed her eyes against the ash .
when he 'd been in chains , humiliated in front of all the citizens of ash , carrow had looked up at him with realization .
mira cleared her throat , still tasting ash and smoke all these years later .
i can still taste the smoke and ash from the fire . ''
that day had ended in a nightmare of fire and ash and tears .
the mirror was charred and blackened with soot and ash .
her palms were damp , mouth dry as ash .
the words tasted like ash on his tongue .
but what nathan had n't seen , he realized now - what no one had ever sought to find in the ash and rubble left behind - was kellan 's presumed remains .
he stamped again , trying to shake the ash , which clung in a black tidemark on the battered leather .
bumbersnoot crouched down in one corner of the parlor and deposited a pile of ash in a small mound .
sophronia slung bumbersnoot over one shoulder and instructed him not to squirm , belch steam , or deposit any ash for the next three hours .
there is ash all down my evening dress .
i could smell her rich scent of dark incense and ash .
cold rock bit through my nylons , and i sucked in the air , gasping , gagging at the choking smell of ash .
the scent of leather became obvious , mixing with the hard aroma of burning ash , and i snuggled closer into kisten .
and there was nothing left of his body but ash , so i do n't think there 's a possibility of pulling a zombie move . ''
the water faeries are out , even though the lake has n't been sprinkled with ash .
i ' m not a criminal and no ash was sprinkled into the lake . ''
` ` i sprinkled ash in the water , '' he says .
it 's against the law for water fey to surface the lake without being summoned by the ash . ''
` ` without the ash ? ''
` ` i never said there was n't ash , '' i tell him , evading the truth because ... well , because he 's himself .
there 's a mob of people chatting in a slender hallway with blood red walls and an ash black floor .
leaving me zero time to react , he lunges at me with his fangs protruding out from his lips and his eyes are as black as ash .
evan 's eyes char like fragments of hot ash and the ropes around my wrist and ankles flame and singe apart .
from the ash tree came the high - pitched sounds of organization .
the ring of twisted hair vanished with a pop , replaced with a pile of ash .
i tried not to taste it , but the biting grit of ash and the bitter taste of tinfoil , chlorophyll , and salt puckered my lips .
past the drifting curtains , pixies shrieked and played , shredding the fairy nest in the ash tree with a savage enthusiasm .
logs were arranged in a circle around a large defunct bonfire , and i could faintly smell the acidic odor of hurt and pain over the scent of old ash .
it is the cold , i thought , not the rank smell of ash and emptied bowels or the people joining the noisy throng in twos and threes .
the scent of ash and decayed flesh was choking .
i held my breath against the rising strength and the taste of ash flowing into me from the focus , overwhelming my sense of self until i was everything it was .
feeling safer , i blew the candle out , then maneuvered around jenks to wash the ash down the sink .
he held it to his forehead for a moment as he gathered his calm , then sipped it and set it on the solid ash coffee table before us .
there was n't anything in the bowl but a smear of ash stinking of burnt vegetation .
i did n't like the way he was rubbing his thumb and finger together , smelling the ash as if it had meaning .
minias touched the crucible , his fingers coming away with ash .
` ` here , '' i said , smacking the ash handle into ivy 's bare hand with a soft and certain pop .
my heart felt like ash , unstirred by the power of the ley line as i touched it to make a shimmering black sheet bisect the table above me .
i had to feed the boiler with the special coal mix ture that brenda gives it and empty all its ash into its boiler bucket .
i emptied the ash and got the fire going again with little pieces of wood and coal .
there was a funny smell com ing from the kitchen so i thought breakfast was probably ready , but as i was about to go , a spooky green glow appeared in the corner of the boiler room by the ash can .
the metallic taste of ash coated my tongue as dr . anders muttered an incantation .
taking down a rattling shoe box , he opened it to show a zippy bag of gray ash and about a dozen milky green tapers already burnt .
and the candle is to make sure he does n't focus on anything but the ash on the table .
i could feel the ash , gritty between his hands and my skin .
as nick tossed the zippy bag of ash to land next to the shoe box , i tried to wipe the ash off my shoulders .
as nick tossed the zippy bag of ash to land next to the shoe box , i tried to wipe the ash off my shoulders .
i glanced at the lit candle and its little mound of ash .
the pile of ash at the end of the hallway was hazed with a smear of ever - after .
i followed his gaze to the pile of ash .
i heard algaliarept swear , then the ash vanished .
under it was a rich scent of well - turned earth , mixing with her burnt ash smell .
turning away , i pulled ivy 's soft coverlet down to expose the black satin smelling of wood ash .
the batter dropped the shattered ash , swearing loud enough that i could hear him .
he smelled only ash , tasted nothing more than air , and saw only black - and - white .
here , the rocky walls were covered with strange , colorful markings , like liquid gold upon forgotten ash .
he 'd smelled nothing but ash for so long ; he could n't help but luxuriate in this new fragrance .
their scorched bodies withered into ash and floated on the breeze .
he ran his hand down his face , smearing more ash over it .
his feet heavy , he plodded through the ash , rocks and twigs until he came to a grove of white trees .
that you reek of ash and death .
smoke billowed toward the skydome , a curling , scented stream of ash .
the sweet scent of ash and sulfur so prevalent to her kind did fragrance the air , but underneath it was the scent of flowering blooms and sea salt .
he forced down the rest of his fish , even though it had grown cold and tasted like refrigerated ash .
` ` white ash . ''
they may have white ash , so tell everyone to be wary . ''
beneath the grime and smudged ash that marred his skin , all of his sundry scrapes and lacerations were healed .
on the street in front of them , all that was left of the rogue was a scattered pile of ash .
his throat was dry , his mouth filled with ash .
the smoke reduced from massive , roiling clouds of black ash to thin gray tendrils that crept in along the ceiling .
dante spat the name out like ash on his tongue .
he 'd been trapped by a wall of fire , blinded by the flames and ash .
two more followed , the bodies of the dead thrashing as they began their swift cellular decomposition from oozing acidic pulp to incinerated ash .
with their enemies dispatched , their corpses reducing from flesh and bone to fine , drifting ash , lucan and dante surveyed the other carnage in the street .
when the great battle was over , the dust and ash finally cleared , there would be none to stand in his way .
left alone , his body and soul would scatter to the four winds as ash , a part of the elements forever .
like his lungs were made of cinder and his breath was ash .
the command came out of him , dry as ash .
three of the founder houses were piles of smoking wood and ash , and the morganville fire department was still pouring water on one of them .
when she finally looked back , officer o'malley was a pile of ash and smoke and burned blanket .
books were piled in the corners and burned , reduced to scraps of leather and curling black ash .
in the street , the remains of the two dead vampires exploded suddenly , one after the other , raining down around the fighting vamps like ash , leaving nothing visible behind .
her grandmother locked the door and kicked down the ash branch that always rested in front of it .
` ` jesus ... christ ... '' she whispered as the slayer who once had had form disintegrated into ash at the brother 's feet .
i held him to the ground whilst i burned him into ash .
snowflakes fell around him like floating white ash , blanketing the city that spread out beneath him some six stories down .
she was what was left -- the phoenix that rose out of the ash .
the three bodies dissolved in the snow , reducing flesh , bone , and clothing to nothing but dark spots of ash against the pristine white .
as they neared the building , niko spotted a dark ash trail on the ground .
he had wanted the crimson lab erased from existence , nothing but a scar of black ash on the empty lot where it stood .
the lab , the manufacturing supplies , the inpiduals running the facility ... all of it is ash now .
he felt the shower of heat in his face , the suffocating thickness of clouding ash as it engulfed him like a wave .
and in the rising smoke from the dying bonfire behind him , dylan watched over his broad shoulder as an ethereal , feminine shape took form between the flurry of floating ash .
you got a feel for how long a fire burned , and the logs on this one were grey with ash over the glow beneath .
she caressed it through the case , feeling the sharp spikes of different materials that dotted its ends : silver for werewolves , wood for vampires , white ash for old ones , iron for al eldritch creatures , tiny hypodermics to fil with poisons .
instead she said , ` ` er , i could n't help noticing that you had a model three with double ash bins and a reverse riddler .
a fleck of ash landed on her dress , and she absently brushed it away .
but damon 's chiseled features were pale under his dark hair , and more ash had landed on the shoulders of his jacket .
more ash was fal ing around them , like a fine gray rain , the same gray ash damon 's body was buried beneath , worlds and dimensions away .
more ash was fal ing around them , like a fine gray rain , the same gray ash damon 's body was buried beneath , worlds and dimensions away .
fine ash had fal en for a long time .
deep within the ash , his fingers twitched .
it was deadly but elegant - looking , the hilt covered with jewels , the ends spiked with silver , wood , and white ash , and the needles steeped in poison .
the ash was unbearably heavy .
it seemed as if he were clawing at the thick ash forever , but final y his other hand broke through the crumbling layers and relief flooded his body .
ash and mud slid under his fingers , giving him nothing firm , and he floundered until he found what felt like a piece of wood in his grasp .
with one last great effort , he wrenched his body out of the ash and mud , which gave a thick sucking noise as his shoulders emerged .
blackened mud , puddles of water choked with ash .
it was freezing , and he realized he was naked , covered with only the same muddy ash that was everywhere .
or was it the thick , shimmering fluid that was everywhere here , mixing with the ash and mud ?
he shuffled forward through the ash and mud , toward the castlelike gatehouse with high spires and heavy black doors that he somehow knew would be there .
the same dim light filtered through a constant cloud of ash .
if he stopped he would sink back below the ash and mud , back to the grave back to death .
he walked faster , his footsteps shuffling through the ash .
his fingers slipped , mud and ash sliding beneath his hands .
damon hesitated for a moment , glancing at the emptiness and ash around them , then trudged after him toward the open doors .
there was a strange empty ache inside him , as if he 'd left something behind , buried deep under the ash .
as the atmosphere cooled , the magic turned from vapor back into liquid and fel down on me , with the rain of ash .
he told her how he had woken , buried deep in ash and mud , clawed his way to the surface , and set off across the desolate moon , not knowing who he was or what had happened to him , and how he had almost died again , and that sage had saved him .
before her now lay a curling red lock and a waving gold one , as bright and shiny as if they had just been cut from freshly washed heads , rather than left on a world with ash fal ing al around .
he frowned and poked one tentative foot into a heap of ash that might conceal a body , but was unsurprised to find nothing but mud beneath the ash , smearing more filth onto his once - polished black boots .
he frowned and poked one tentative foot into a heap of ash that might conceal a body , but was unsurprised to find nothing but mud beneath the ash , smearing more filth onto his once - polished black boots .
he 'd had a powerful image of what she would look like , pale and silent in the darkness , long red curls caked with ash .
alone on this ash heap of the moon , he felt oddly rejected .
the door closed behind them , and they found themselves in a landscape of ash .
harsh winds had blown the fine black ash into shifting hil s and val eys .
as they watched , a strong gust caught at the light top layer of ash and sent it flying in a cloud that soon settled into new shapes .
below the lighter ash , they could see swamps of wet , muddy ash .
below the lighter ash , they could see swamps of wet , muddy ash .
nothing but ash and mud , except for an occasional scorched and blackened bit of wood .
soon they were not so much walking as wading through black ash that stuck to their legs in nasty thick clumps .
the mud underneath the ash clung to their shoes , releasing them at each step with a wet sucking sound .
the ash was thicker and deeper here because they were approaching where the trunk had been , the very center of this world .
damon 's body had lain underneath and had been completely buried in the fal ing ash .
there was a thick , drifting pile of ash that looked like it would be at least as high as her waist in places .
she thought she could see where damon had awoken - the ash was disturbed and caved in , as if someone had tunneled out of one of the deeper drifts .
a cold wind blew up a spray of ash , and bonnie coughed .
elena , kneedeep in cold , sticky ash , dropped bonnie 's hand and wrapped her arms around herself .
` ` we have to save him , '' she whispered , a fierce determination on her face , and immediately took off running , shoving her way through the piles of ash .
then it moved , so quickly matt saw only a blur of bluish green , sending elena flying , her arms and legs flailing , into a heap of ash .
she scrambled to her feet immediately , blood trickling from her hairline , leaving red tracks through the ash that now coated her skin .
beautiful elena , covered in ash , streaked with blood , her teeth bared and her eyes flashing like a warrior goddess .
confused , weeping , staggering , streaked with ash and mud , three humans had appeared there as wel .
elena turned to stare at him , her cheeks pale beneath their coating of ash .
her face was smudged with ash and her eyes were red , but she gave elena a genuinely happy smile .
and in her trembling hands , a black ash bow and a single golden arrow had appeared .
extending out from the arrow , ash began to replace his scaly skin , spreading like a poison through his monstrous form .
his hulking body disintegrated , becoming a layer of ash atop the blood pooled on the floor .
but i have my excalibur vixen crossbow 285 fps with me , with a twenty - inch - long easton xx75 ( the tip , formerly gold , now replaced with hand - carved ash ) already cocked and ready to be released at the merest pressure from my finger .
i 'd strapped a hand - carved piece of ash there , using mom 's old thigh holster .
and i plunge the hand - carved piece of ash deep into the place where his heart would have been .
too bad he 'd fizzled into ash out in the garden , where no one but adam and i could see it .
the stake swung down , and there was a sound almost like the popping of a bubble , and pascal vanished in a surprisingly tiny cloud of dust and ash .
a thin layer of vampire ash rose from them .
all that was left of adam 's textbooks was a smoldering pile of ash .
` ` bring her home , ash , '' maya said , stirring her concoction .
` ` no , ash is the real thing .
poppy was prepared to love all james 's cousins forhis sake , but shad to agree that ash soundeddangerous .
` ` i would n't trust anyone to know about you justnow , '' james said , ` ` and ash is out of the question .
` ` i ' m ash , '' he said . '' hi . ''
once he found her he 'd findout that ash was over here , and then he 'd come backfast.which meant ... well , poppy supposed it meantshe should keep ash occupied until james arrived .
once he found her he 'd findout that ash was over here , and then he 'd come backfast.which meant ... well , poppy supposed it meantshe should keep ash occupied until james arrived .
she was dripping tears onto the paper as shesigned it.she put the flyleaf on the pillow and went outto ash .
no sign of ash , either .
only to find , once he did catch up , that ash was already in elcamino , and had , in fact , been sent over to james'sapartment hours ago .
he was going to break one of ash 's bones for each one .
if you see ash , leave me amessage .
` ` who 's ash ? ''
` ` he 's dead , '' james said , and somehow phillip knew he did n't mean ash was one of the walkingdead .
` ` okay , now tell me about ash .
and that'swhere ash would go . ''
but do n't let ash get you rundown like that , either .
` ` blaise was staring at ash with an odd insistence .
she 'd been afraid he 'd be disgruntled and huffy - or mean.despite his charm , shecould always feel something cold running below thesurface in ash , like an icy river .
she tried to get ash to go , but he said he wanted to show poppythe town . ''
` ` and you think that 's what ash is going to do ? ''
` ` i know that 's what ash is going to do . ''
but ash came after her , just as rapidly .
she made herself relax a fraction and met ash 's dark gaze .
did she wantto live in the night world if it wasfull of people like blaise and ash ?
which was obviously ash 's entire philosophy .
shethought it directly at ash , throwing all of her angerand grief and betrayal at him .
poppy could feel it in his thoughts , in every muscle and sinew of his body.he wanted to murder ash .
she lifted her head at the sound of ash 's laugh .
james gathered poppy in hisarm again , but he paused and looked back at ash .
` ` what dream was ash talkingabout ? ''
when she finally glanced over at him , kade saw that her face was pale as ash , her features stricken and wary .
in just a couple more hours , nothing but a pile of sun - scorched ash would remain of his brother -- or of kade 's place among his kin .
kade swallowed past the ash that seemed to have settled in his throat .
inside is a small room , with blood - red walls and floors the color of ash .
each has a black leather dress on that resembles mine and their hair is as black as ash .
chapter 13 i ' m drowning in a black ocean and the clouds above rain ash .
he scoops out a handful of what looks like ash from the bag and then sprinkles it into the lake .
my muscles constrict beneath his touch and every ounce of the comfort laylen put in me singes into ash .
* * * the black water crashes against the sandy shore and ash rains down from the clouds and floats across the land .
he also has a black smudge on the center of his forehead , like ash or charcoal .
laylen says , then makes a veer to the right toward a corridor with blood - red doors and floors as black as ash .
` ` yeah , its invisibility ash . ''
aislin will give you the ash after you take me to the city of crystal .
with the contact , they shrivel and die , the browned pieces fluttering to the ground like ash .
the queen laughs as i scream again when i picture myself burning into ash .
black ravens caw above my head and shower black feathers all over like ash .
it sears into my bones , turns my heart into a pile of ash , and leaves my soul empty .
behind them , the pile of ash on the floor blew away in the night breeze .
his name is ash . ''
` ` i do n't have any ash looked at the ceiling , choice . ''
hannah turned to see ash , his lanky elegant body propped against a wall .
it had to be made from oak and ash , the two kinds of wood that had been burned to bake the clay .
her throat felt as dry as ash , her tongue thick and listless in her mouth .
any fucking hotter and i 'd be ash . ''
he usually enjoyed elvi 's gift , but tonight it tasted like ash in his mouth and he had n't a clue why .
all the protests and arguments i 'd given ms . terwilliger were like ash in the wind now .
although it had n't quite made it to the front of the house yet , our way was still thick with smoke and ash .
low racks of amulets surrounded it , the wood structures having the smoothness and color of hundred - year - old ash .
i glanced at the pentagram al had sketched on my counter and the second book sitting in a pile of ash .
i said , thumping the underside of the table with my knee , but the antique ash was heavy and jenks did n't even jump this time .
ceri 's light steps on the stairs grew loud , and chalk in hand , i looked at the unfinished ash floor to decide how big a circle i wanted to draw .
there was a soft murmur of incantation , and the scent of ash and candle mixed with the reek of burnt amber flowing from me .
tom 's eyes were wide as they took me in : my long duster white with ash and dried salt , my hair a tangled mess , and the dust and grit from the ever - after coating me .
ceri took the end of her pencil and crushed even the ash to dust .
he would have found a pile of ash outlining the shape of her .
there was white ash on the ends .
thousands perishing in smoke and ash .
his bones turned to ash , the brain a mass of glowing embers in its last moments .
these tiny spikes were of different materials : silver for werewolves , wood for vampires , white ash for old ones , iron for al eldritch creatures , and a few that damon could n't quite work out .
then she saw a girl who could n't seem to get up off her pal et and saw a woman with arms like a man 's go over with a white ash rod to administer punishment .
ironwood and white ash piercing her heart , stilling it forever ... sealing off the evil that was meredith sulez .
the huge roots in the ground underneath them were bucking as if there was an earthquake , and then - there was a deafening sound as the trunk of the great tree exploded straight upward like a rocket , disintegrating to fine ash as it went .
` ` the ash that was fal ing - you and bonnie would have died if you 'd had to breathe any more of it .
on the smal est moon of the nether world fine ash was fal ing .
after what seemed like centuries but was only a few hours , something moved in the ash .
elena looked at the ash cane contemptuously .
a penalty of ten ash rod strokes is laid upon this slave as an example to other mischief - makers .
but i want to see that ash rod before you use it ! ''
it all had to do with some silly dream about damon and an ash rod .
digging on the field was still going on in a dilatory way as the vampires who had put her up to this fetched an ash stick they had brought , and allowed damon to inspect it .
the nails still glistened in a manner that might alarm humans , but it would be a simple thing to rub a bit of ash over them .
they were burned away , rendered ash .
chrysoprase puffed his cigar and flicked the ash into the frost , where it sizzled .
in sator square , and in the plaza of broken moons , it hissed on the white ash of the bonfires , occasionally exposing the orange glow , which would briefly sizzle and spit .
` ` it is no tale , '' seba insisted , rubbing the webby ash into my broken skin .
when i was covered in ash , seba tied some thick , whole webs around the worst - infected areas , including my hands .
` ` it 's a silver ash , '' her father told her .
the wall shook on contact , and more bricks turned to ash , disintegrating on impact .
missy , when she finally came to bed at night , spoke to gene in hardly - hushed voices about kahli , and how everything she touched turned to ash .
` ` by this hour of the morning , he and the others in the lodge are nothing but ash , '' niko said as he reached up to hook some of her glossy black hair behind her ear .
nothing but the smallest trace of ash left behind - just as nikolai had promised .
when the tunnel opened up into a soaring cavern chamber , filled with smoke and wafting ash , bowe hurried inside - and spotted sebastian wroth at the edge of a pit of lava , his arm trapped under a huge boulder .
the force blew the roof off the house , searing it to instant ash .
she glances at the place where ivan once stood , which is littered with ash that swirls in the soft wind .
she clutches his face with both hands , some of ivan 's ash getting on his skin .
the words are in the back of my throat and burn like ash , but i ' m able to swallow them down .
` ` we turn into ash . ''
if he only knew ... . ` ` call me ash .
she paused as she entered the doorway of the kitchen and saw ash .
a chill went down nick 's spine at what rosa was saying and about her lack of memory where ash was concerned .
what if that innocent kid eating the gumbo ash had repaired was a creature like him ?
the only question was why ... . chapter 8 nick froze in front of ash 's shiny black car ... . no , not car .
now , with anyone else , that would be a stupid question , but since nick had seen what ash could do , he knew ash had gotten them from somewhere , not the local walmart .
nick fell quiet as he digested ash 's comments .
` ` well , you know , you have n't told me what you are , ash . ''
nick remained still as that sank in and he tried to imagine the world ash must have come from .
he grinned at ash .
he blinked like a girl and leaned against ash 's shoulder .
` ` please do n't hurt me , ash .
nick 's eyes widened as he tried to imagine ash dressed like a goth caveman in a studded black loincloth chasing down saber - tooth tigers and killing them with a spear ... . did they have saber - tooth tigers eleven thousand years ago ?
nor the point of what ash was telling him .
or better yet , a genetic implant that left him with one arm as a chainsaw like ash in army of darkness .
nick kept waiting for ash to use his powers , but for some reason he did n't .
kyrian looked at ash .
nick waved at his mom as he followed ash out the rear side door to the lot in back , where his black porsche made an awesome sight .
for now , though , he was content to ride in ash 's .
fourteen , ash .
do n't trust ash ... .
given ash 's geriatrics , if that predated him ... that was scary .
kyrian had told him that ash did n't like talking about his past .
from his tone of voice , nick would guess that ash had n't had a very happy childhood .
then again , it had to be gruesome for ash to have died so brutally at age twenty - one that he 'd sold his soul to the goddess artemis for vengeance .
nick looked around ash to see a young african - american guy rushing over to them .
tate leaned in to speak in a low tone with ash .
tate and ash turned to him as nick pointed at the body they were now moving .
tate met ash 's gaze .
the door closed behind them without ash or nick touching it - something that always unnerved nick when ash did it .
theodore flicked his cigar ash toward devus as he cast a scoffing glance at the others .
to have that kind of hatred eleven thousand years later ... . yeah , someone had hurt ash badly .
his mother scanned ash with a doubting stare .
he 'd never seen ash explode like that to anything .
nick was impressed with ash 's spin on what dark - hunters did .
nick arched his brow , waiting to see what ash would come back with .
` ` ash is so embarrassed by his own eyes that he wo n't show them .
he snapped at ash .
but nick feared almost nothing , and ash was definitely no longer on that list .
but ambrose had been emphatic that he keep acheron out of his life as much as possible ... for ash 's sake as much as his own .
no one else ... ` ` thanks , ash .
` ` i ' m serious , ash . ''
as ash left , nick headed upstairs to install the ram in kyrian 's computer while his thoughts churned over ash 's information .
as ash left , nick headed upstairs to install the ram in kyrian 's computer while his thoughts churned over ash 's information .
` ` i do n't know , ash .
` ` i ' ve had enough excitement for one day , ash .
if only he could make ash 's conviction his own .
he paused as he let ash 's words play through his thoughts for a minute .
he thought he 'd imagined it until he saw the way ash stood on the pathway , tense and alert .
` ` next time , warn a brother before you snatch him around , ash .
a tic started in ash 's jaw , letting him know that ash was extremely self - conscious about them ... which must be why he always kept them covered no matter how dark it was .
and ash was n't as calm as he appeared .
in that moment , nick had an epiphany of what ash 's childhood must have been like .
that scream shredded nick 's nervous system like an electrical torture device as he ran from his bedroom to the living room with ash one step behind him .
with a ragged breath , she let go of ash and turned back to nick , who stepped away before she seized him again in that tight anaconda grip .
` ` i did n't mean it that way , ash . ''
` ` it was still thoughtless and cruel , and i would never hurt you that way , ash . ''
her features sad , she reached up and pulled ash 's face down to hers , then kissed his cheek .
nick swallowed at those words , especially after what ash had told him about killing someone .
nick jumped at the sound of ash 's voice in his room .
he did a double take before he gaped at ash .
no way ... nick could n't have been more stunned had ash pimp - slapped him .
letting out a loud whoop , nick threw himself against ash and hugged him .
a sick feeling settled in his stomach as he watched ash vanish into the darkness .
his ash was not normal in any sense of the word .
bracing himself for the pain , he rolled over on the small bed to find the ash from his school sitting on a chair in the corner .
he tried to stare at ash , but he could barely keep his eyes open from the pain that cleaved his skull .
but every time he looked at ash , he lost it again .
play stupid and see what ash knows about all this .
as if on cue , the ash from school flashed into the room .
it walked forward , into the room , and stopped beside kid ash .
and with that , ash vanished and left him alone .
younger ash appeared in the room .
one second they were in the room , the next , they were inside a large , doorless study with big scary ash .
he really wanted to , but there was an air about ash that said he needed a few minutes to get a handle on everything .
his tone said that ash could n't reconcile any kind of compassion with nick 's dna .
touching the invisible forcefield , he glared at ash .
all of a sudden , they threw their arms out in unison and sent a sonic blast toward ash and nick .
the soldier blasted ash away while he increased the pressure on nick 's neck .
` ` admit it , ash .
for a second , he was sure ash would take over where ameretat had left off and choke the rest of the life out of him .
but he had a bad feeling ash was n't going to like it .
nick held his breath , waiting for her to answer ash 's question .
` ` i thought you did n't know ash ? ''
` ` ash and savitar , along with simi , routed them . ''
` ` savitar and ash are still out , making sure our enemies do n't come back any sooner than necessary . ''
even his shoes were fancy , made of italian leather , and he carefully rubbed his white skin with oil and clean paper ash to make himself look less luminescent in the bright city lights .
18 lestat sevraine and the caves of gold millions of years ago two great volcanoes poured lava and ash again and again over the land now called cappadocia , creating a stark and breathtaking landscape of serpentine gorges and valleys and soaring cliffs and countless clustered knifelike towers of stone piercing the sky which have come to be known as fairy chimneys .
the air was viscous , full of the murk of the east river and the hudson and the sea and the swamp , full of smoke and ash , full of the smell of every kind of cooking food , and the raw smell of gas .
nothing tells the public better that a badass powerful wizard lives here than dumping a pile of bone ash into the gutter where everyone can see .
fitz was ash and gone , but he 'd provided sybil with months of entertainment .
` ` if i 'd faced her in a proper fight i 'd be ash .
corona had been ash before she touched the floor .
their weapons looked handmade , carved from pieces of ash and rowan wood .
mistletoe is very powerful - as you saw - and there are a couple of spells that use mistletoe ash , so ... better to just dump them . ''
he felt like he 'd caught a fever , or like he was on fire , his entire body erupting before crumbling into ash .
this time , the food was like ash in her mouth .
vlad , though ... would he burn to ash ?
through the haze of ash , i desperately sought lucas 's eyes .
by now the smell of ash was thick in the air , and i had to tug the collar of my robe over my mouth to keep from choking .
my back still ached from the fall i 'd taken while running across the flaming roof , and i imagined i could still taste smoke and ash .
not a speck of ash or dust marred the black sheen of his suit .
skye clutched balthazar 's arm , but all he could do was stare as redgrave 's head and body both tumbled toward the snow - then dissipated into so much ash .
the heat of her hunger would burn her to gray ash and then the ash would blow away on the wind of her frustrated need .
the heat of her hunger would burn her to gray ash and then the ash would blow away on the wind of her frustrated need .
i unwrapped the gum hastily and tossed the discarded paper in my ash tray .
i dashed out my cigarette in a glass ash tray around the corner , then went back to my post just inside the hallway .
men slathered the edges of the lid with a slurry of ash and lime to bind stone to stone .
if ancient , probably lime and ash .
` ` i found these accretions of lime and ash , an ancient form of concrete , broken into pieces around the pedestal .
erin pictured a slurry of lime and ash being poured over this lead sculpture and drying like clay , hardening to create an impression of the design on the lead box 's top .
if his path was righteous , he would not burn to ash before this holy sanguinist .
entirely on fire , it leaped for the cool darkness of the canal , but only ash fell to the water , the body already completely consumed .
already ash flakes began to fall , collecting on the glass like foul snow .
a chunk of ash slipped down across the window , leaving a sooty streak .
bernard pointed to the dance of lava at the heart of the ash cloud .
the quakes had stopped , but the eruption continued , churning smoke and ash into the world , jetting sprays of fiery lava into the darkness beyond the rim of the cone .
inside the cabin , erin and jordan covered their noses and mouths with scraps of ripped cloth , like thieves in this endless night , protecting themselves against the ash fall .
jordan picked up something glittering out of the black ash .
i bet the gears and clockwork could n't handle all this ash . ''
even dusted with ash , the fresh tracks were plain , crisply impressed into the soft sand .
despite the ash fouling the air and caking his nostrils , he smelled the breath of brimstone coming from this tunnel .
free of the rain of ash , the two had tugged off their masks , breathing easier , but their faces streamed with salt and sweat .
evidently , there was enough foul ash shrouding the air to allow strigoi to walk under this dread sky .
he pictured the ash cloud circling the world , waking horrors long slumbering in crypts , graves , and other sunless places .
even overcast with ash , it was the first daylight sky she had looked upon with her naked eyes in centuries .
tommy blinked ash away from his long lashes , looking doubtfully at him .
again they waited as ash fell , and the ground still trembled .
it was a torch - hastily drawn , shaded with the ash , depicting a bundle of rushes , bound and set aflame .
if the ash gets any thicker , no one 's going anywhere . ''
moments later , the helicopter 's engine sputtered coarsely on the beach , choking on ash , before rumbling loudly to life .
erin shielded her eyes from the sand and ash kicked up by the rotors .
but worst of all , the ash cloud continued to pursue them , chasing them across the sea and out into the desert .
by now , he had little trouble believing the ash blew straight out of hell .
overhead , the sky continued to grow a deeper gray as the ash cloud moved farther upon them .
christian asked , his eyes narrowing in the sunlight , even though it was dimmed by ash to a harsh glare .
then a flake of black ash fell and stung her eye , reminding her that they needed to hurry .
whether from the contamination of the ash in the air or from the blowing dust of sand , apparently its delicate cogs could not handle this harsh terrain .
the world surrounded by ash and blood .
the ground is a sheet of ash and the remaining trees are charred .
his hair is white like the outer part of ash , he has creases in his skin and his clothes looks old .
i wait until they 're gone before i sit back down behind the car on the ground covered in ash drifting from the burning barrels .
he asks me , brushing ash out of his hair .
they stand out like a sore thumb ; dark clothes , leather , their hair colors like fire and ash .
death walkers ... stephan ... fire ... then nothing but ash falling from the sky and not even alex and i survive .
he screams as i scream , my whole body feeling as though it 's melting , my skin hot wax , my veins ash .
there 's no sign of the vampire anywhere , but there 's ash is scattered in the gravel just in front of my feet so i ' m guessing when i stabbed him , it went through his heart .
` ` at least i think that 's what the ash was on the ground in front of me .
the hammer was made of solid silverstone , although you could n't really tell , given how much soot and ash had blackened it over the years .
the sound made me think of fire , smoke , ash .
even through the crispy , ruined skin and flaky ash , i could see the white gleam of her teeth , her mouth open in one last scream .
maybe it was the smoke , but he seemed to be a pale , ghostly figure , like some sort of horrid ash golem come to life .
after a moment , she took a breath , opened her fist , and clapped a bit of ash off her hands .
a large hunk of his body disintegrated into gray ash at her touch and puffed up like some kind of cold , macabre fog .
mab 's flames had washed over her - hot , hungry , and unstoppable - consuming my mother until she was nothing more than a pile of smoldering ash .
i supposed it was only appropriate , since mab herself consumed everything she came into contact with , just the way fire destroyed whatever was in its path and left nothing behind but dull , gray , useless ash .
finn had been right when he 'd claimed that i 'd started a four - alarm fire , because virtually nothing remained of the structure but mounds of flaky ash .
here and there , warped pieces of metal stuck up out of the gray ash , gleaming underneath the portable spotlights that had been set up around the depot .
bits of ash flaked off her charred remains at the impact and drifted up to me .
somehow , i shoved the giant 's melted body away from me , even though it disintegrated into smoking ash at my touch .
what little there was left of my heart would disintegrate into ash and blow away , leaving nothing behind but aching , bitter emptiness .
everything about her reminded me of blood and death and fire and that horrible night when she 'd so casually destroyed the people i 'd loved , leaving nothing behind but dirty , crumbled ash and the hollow echo of my hoarse screams .
mab 's magic burned red and orange and yellow and black , spitting , hissing , and crackling with ash and heat .
when it was finally over , mab dusted the pieces of ash and burned flesh off her hands and turned to face the horrified crowd .
the other man was a dwarf , wearing a gray cotton work shirt and matching pants , both blackened here and there with the embers and ash that had shot up out of countless fires in his forge .
soot and ash flaked off sophia 's once - white dress , which hung in burnt tatters on her back , while the heels had snapped off her shoes .
the smell of burning paper filled the air , along with bits of ash .
we stood there and watched the rest of the photos curl and burn , until there was nothing left of them but ash - and the memories , which were n't nearly as easy to get rid of .
all it would take would be the merest wave of her hand to reduce all but the strongest elemental to charred ash .
` ` the kid sat in the ash .
i corked the vial - about a third full and there were ash flakes floating in it .
i poured water into the bowl , unbuckled my belt , and sprinkled the herbal powders from the compartments into it : lady fern and ash for clairvoyance , and a touch of wormwood to keep interference from curious things to a minimum .
i did n't bring my spinner but a few weeks ago i had happened on a very good staff of european ash and promptly defaced it by carving small chunks from the shaft and loading my belt with them .
i dropped one of the ash chips into the water and whispered the incantation .
the fire had died , leaving a charred , smoking mass of ash and bone .
ewan stood over the mass of ash on the floor .
nothing left but a pile of ash .
six piles of ash in various stages of smolder littered the floor .
smoldering ash coated the once - white linoleum floor .
spilled wine , which spread like pools of blood among the ash of the dead , coated the concrete .
vamps burn to ash when they die . ''
one second the avenger squirmed and screamed to avoid the spell , and the next he was a pillar of black coal and ash .
well , not nothing exactly , but the landscape before me was little more than a barren field coated in gray ash - like pictures i 'd seen of the surface of the moon .
` ` if sabina had wanted you dead , you 'd already be a pile of ash .
tall walls built from charred bones and ash spread out from the entrance in a broad circle .
for a second stone stood still , the outline of his body glowing with violent red , and then he fell apart , a man made of ash .
its tip shone with brilliant light and a blast wave rolled through the city in a huge circle , sweeping the ash that used to be the coven off the roof .
he blazed bright like a sparkler and vanished into a cloud of ash .
the fabric broke to green - glowing ash under his touch .
i knew that logically , but the part of me that was having the hardest time saying goodbye to my uncle did n't want to acknowledge that what i held was nothing more than ash surrounded by metal .
see everything around him burned into smoldering ash .
with the soot and ash smeared all over him , he looked very dangerous .
to keep shoving flares into delphine and burning her until there was nothing left but ash , except there was n't time .
all the dish towels , foodstuffs , aprons , and napkins had been reduced to piles of flaky gray ash , while most of the silverware had melted to the floor and was now stuck there , as if someone had glued down all the forks , knives , and spoons as part of some weird abstract - art project .
i was so exhausted that i dragged my feet along the floor , sending up clouds of ash and soot that tickled my nose and made me cough .
i kept banging into the scorched walls , knocking free giant chunks of brittle ash , and i tripped over something lying just beyond the obliterated double doors .
but i was weak and exhausted and still coughing up all the soot , ash , and smoke that had polluted my lungs , so all i could do was loosen one brick at a time , pry it free from the wall , set it aside , and then wearily start on the next one .
there was nothing left inside to steal , unless someone had a hankering for piles of ash , rubble , and ruin .
i breathed in , and the scent of smoke and ash drifted over to me , making my chest clench .
by some stroke of luck , the fire had n't so much as touched the sign , although i 'd hired a crew to clean off all the residue left behind from all the smoke and ash that had boiled out of the restaurant .
releasing it , it fluttered to the ground , the fire out and the sheet ash before it hit the floor .
my anger blasted a new stream of power into my golden shields and selene 's lingering red disintegrated around me like ash .
another tremor hit , erupting its vile ash into my psyche like a volcano .
` ` ash cakes ? ''
when she shopped for food , she found herself remembering that his last meal had been ash cakes and venison stew .
i wonder , do they burst into flames immediately , or do they die slowly , the flesh melting from their bones , the bones turning to ash ?
she had never staked a vampire before and she was surprised at how easily the wood pierced its flesh , and how quickly the body turned to ash , until all that remained was the gaudy dressing gown looking like a splash of fresh blood on the white satin , and her stake .
see the look of astonishment on his face as it pierced his heart , see his body disintegrate into a pile of gray ash .
` ` ash and bones . ''
then she passed the ash grove and the utilities complex .
chapter 29 vlad studied the ash that drifted off the two bodies .
however , considering she made her share of mistakes and had n't been burned or turned to ash , she questioned the rumors of those who had .
wall debris , like black ash from a fire , blanketed the area and three wreckers broke through , three massive third earth warriors , in kilted flight battle gear , shotguns over shoulders .
a shotgun had just taken out the darkening wall , the smoky ash boiling past the breach , obscuring what lay beyond .
her bones turned to cinder , her muscles became ash as something else raced forward , consuming her , changing her .
like a log that had been burnt out , all of her hope had been turned to a pile of ash that was choking her from the inside out .
once day broke the bodies would burn away , all evidence of their existence would disappear into a pile of ash .
the copper tang of blood mixed heavily with the smoke and ash swirling about them .
the smell of smoke clung to her ; she could taste the ash upon her tongue .
the scent of maybelle 's ash still hovered in the air , and she swore she heard max sniff as he slipped in after her .
a stand of trees cast long shadows from the north side of the graveyard , mingling with the gray and ash colors of the headstones .
a large ash - colored crypt rose low in the center of the room .
but it would be rather difficult to explain how a man suddenly disappeared from his saddle and turned into a puff of musty ash .
the only way to get it off would be to kill katerina , for , as victoria knew , the only material that survived a vampire 's dissolution into ash was copper .
perhaps word had spread that those who did found themselves quickly turned to ash .
the battle became a mess of stamping hooves , the cry of gale - force winds in her ears , the scrape of claws and the rank smell of demons and death ash .
by the time the ash from the two guards had settled , victoria , brim , and michalas had clambered onto the stony balcony from their hidden locations .
putrid , dry ash burst over her .
victoria 's fingers closed around the wood of the ash stake , made from a fresh branch on the mountain only a short time ago , and relief surged through her when she slipped it free of her waistband .
brushing away the last of the vampire ash , max tucked the stake into his trousers and turned back to the door .
he smelled ash and roses and ... blood .
` ` well , it might get a bit messy , and you know how i deplore drawing blood or exploding ash . ''
she was waiting when the first undead stepped through the door , and the element of surprise along with the fact that he was turning to speak to someone behind him made it easy to turn him into a pile of ash .
just as she began scrambling to her feet , a soft poof sent the bald vampire into an explosion of ash .
a cloud of ash showered over victoria , sprinkling her mouth and nose with the dusty , decayed smell .
unless you counted the pile of ash that had poofed all over her bedchamber .
he saw the small explosion of silvery ash , heard the faint sob of grief , and he lowered his stake .
mrs . debora guyette - foster had tears running down her face , making glistening white lines in gray ash streaks .
meeting him with the point of her stake , she sent him to his destiny in a poof of ash , then spun to take note of the situation .
his ruby eyes froze wide before he shattered into ash and dust .
` ` should we clean up the ash ? ''
he exploded in a satisfying puff of ash , and victoria was able to swing her feet and pull herself up onto one of the trestles .
i can only imagine how much ash exploded after that - and after last night , when we foiled her plans to kidnap the king .
` ` i regret to inform you that gwen is a pile of ash . ''
he poofed into ash , and the other stumbled backward .
standing in the pile of ash , she faced lilith .
she took little satisfaction in the pile of ash that the other had become .
then her view was cut off when a large undead closed his hands over her throat , squeezing , as another captured her legs , pinning them down as she writhed and fought for air , her stake flailing ... and suddenly her legs were released and the smell of vampire ash poofed through the air .
victoria and sebastian backed up to each other , battling the vampires , cutting them down into piles of ash .
it was n't as effective as an ash stake , but it had produced the effect he 'd desired .
when her stake plunged through to the creature 's heart , he froze , then poofed into the malignant pile of ash and dust that was the final result of a life of damned immortality .
an ash stake is all i need .
but suddenly there was a whistle of movement and the vampire jerked , then froze , then burst into a cloud of dust and musty ash .
victoria looked at him as she brushed the dank ash from her hair and clothes .
the vampire disintegrated , as vampires did , into a poof of ash that burst over the partygoers , causing a dainty little shepherdess to forget about protecting her moccoletto for a moment in favor of brushing away the sudden gust of dust .
it was a woman with long dark hair and glowing red eyes , and she gave a surprised squeak just before she disintegrated into a cloud of ash .
lady catherine 's emerald ring , which she 'd worn during her days in queen elizabeth 's court , was in a small , silver - cornered box made of ash .
the shard looked like a weapon she would carry ; it was ironic that the obsidian piece that exuded such malevolence was the same shape and size of an ash stake she 'd use to destroy evil .
of the undead imploding into dust and ash .
it was n't the most powerful thrust , nor the smoothest , but max felt the echo of satisfaction slam through him as he staked the vampire , driving the ash pike into her back .
an ash stake .
chapter 1 in which lady rockley 's weapon is alarmingly ineffective victoria tightened her fingers around the ash stake , more out of habit than necessity , and peered around the rough brick corner .
did she imagine it , or was the oaky smell of ash still in the air ?
yet , the other two - thirds of the arena was merely covered with ash and smoke stains and showed no other damage .
the craving to drive the stake through nedas 's heart , to make him poof into ash , was so strong she considered taking the chance .
the blade severed nedas 's neck before he realized she 'd come up behind him , and in an amazing , frozen moment , he exploded into foul - smelling ash .
she lunged to the ground and closed her fingers around the smooth ash stick , but before she could rise , he recovered and sent her sprawling .
fantasies about kissing might not be appropriate thoughts for a young lady , but then again , most young ladies did n't wear ash stakes in their hair and seek out vampires .
she had four new polished ash stakes , each to be painted a different color so that they could complement her various gowns .
the only good thing about there being so many was that they could n't all jump on her at once ; there was n't enough room ... so if she could just hold one or two off at a time , and send them to their destiny with her ash stick , maybe she could hang on until- victoria stifled an un - venator - like shriek as something landed on top of her from the tree above .
he had no sword , no weapon but the ash stakes and a long , slender branch that had a jagged end .
they looked around as if searching for their missing colleague ; since he 'd popped into ash , they would see no sign of him .
half of it was burned ; the place stank of ash and oil .
you can not take it from me or it will crumple into ash . ''
the sound etched itself into gus 's mind , but he kept working the reflection around until all that was left of felix was a charred mass of smoking ash .
with a boot to the lower back , he sent the guy flailing into the sun - and watched him break and crumble all at once , shredded by the burning rays , sinking into ash and steam .
for what roason , wondored sotrakian , had this formor ranking officor of the schutzstaffol como to colloct oarth from the sito of the formor troblinka campi this loam fortilized with the gas and ash of gonocidoi tho vampire looked down upon him with rusty red oyos , its gazo romoto .
whoro the third had stood , to the far right , all that romained was what appoared to be a pilo of whito ash in a small woodon urn .
a blast of whito light and a pulso of onorgy , and the last romaining now world ancient vanished into a scattoring of snow - liko ash .
tons and tons of ash were injocted into the stratosphoro , along with sulfuric acid and massivo amounts of groonhouso gas carbon dioxido .
the sun was oblitorated by a murky voil of ash floating in the sky .
across the black sackcloth of planot - smothoring ash , a fiorco flamo was falling , cutting liko the blazo from an acotylono torch .
as the falling satollito burned bright in the sky , it parted the donso ash cloud and a brutal shaft of daylight ponotrated the air liko the fingor of god , burning it all , falling ovor a throo - milo radius that included the outor odgos of the farm .
the palo outlino of the sun was baroly visiblo bohind the ash cloud , a fow of its rays filtoring down through soams and woaknossos in the pollution cocoon .
... l o y r z o l o y r z o l o y r z o l o y r z o ... tho smoky lottors dissipatod , bocoming a light ash drifting to the grass .
the ash had turned the grass black at his foot , furthor sharponing the blados so that ovory stop slashed at his baro foot .
atop the castlo , a factory - sized smokostack chugged black ash into the sky , turning fair day into ominous night .
addison and kline were dead , their ash scattered across the floor where gavin and tony had surprised them and taken them down .
aedan knew the winds and coming rain would wash away his ash .
wildrif 's screaming had been brief , thankfully , and only a dusting of ash remained .
the ash from their bodies was drifting down the street , floating with runoff from the rain that fell .
` ` dude , wo n't he just be ash or something , if he is dead ?
when a vampire died , their bodies turned to a dusty ash .
a pile of ash lay there in the shape of a headless man .
` ` head over here , '' aedan found a second , smaller dusting of ash .
ashe shivered , remembering the piles of ash in the floor from the previous evening .
` ` if he were not making at least a partial turn , his body would be gray and already turning to ash .
the floors beneath out feet were slick with blood , gore and vampire ash .
` ` you 'll be a pile of ash this big when i ' m finished with you , '' erland formed a small circle with his hands .
` ` do that again and you 'll be less than ash , '' erland snapped .
the dead vampires , now turning to ash , had n't had much fighting experience , i could tell .
they wanted to see death and destruction and were ready to interview guests from casino city after happily recording vampires screaming , dying and turning to ash .
` ` that may give us time to work the ash from baetrah into the soil and plant cane crops .
most of the cuffs were near piles of ash , but many were clean .
` ` lissa , tell me how you 're here , now , instead of a pile of ash , somewhere , '' daryl asked .
there was probably ash to be dealt with , and none of my borrowed clothing went well with blackish - gray .
` ` if they 're hiding , i have no idea how they 're surviving if the damage from the ash is as bad as i ' ve heard , '' gardevik replied .
that day we came across volcanic ash and it kept getting deeper the farther south we traveled .
furrows were buried beneath heavy , suffocating ash and the plants were dead when garde kicked away some of it to check .
` ` heat from the ash and lack of sun , '' garde grumbled .
` ` they were running away from the eruption when they were poisoned from eating ash covered plants , '' i said , and then clapped a hand over my mouth .
i did n't look back , but imagined his mouth may have been hanging open as i left him standing there , ankle - deep in volcanic ash .
* * * the ash was nearly a foot deep the following day and deeper than that when we arrived in the deserted city of baetrah an hafei .
buildings that had n't burned had collapsed beneath the weight of ash .
i 'd slogged along behind the others - the high demons had the easiest time getting over the thick piles of ash in the town .
* * * my breaths were sobs as i collapsed in the ash before kifirin .
i turned and slogged my way over more ash .
gavin already had one down and turning to ash , now another of their adversaries was attacking .
at least he had n't brought dresses or skirts ; we were still traveling over ash and with the rains on the southern continent , it was hardening and causing problems .
` ` jayd , there 's nothing there except ash and devastation .
* * * gavin stood over the little queen , thinking it would only take a quick swipe with his claws and she 'd be ash .
the area was completely covered in ash and impossible to get the wagons through to check .
` ` we made a second journey to the southern continent , '' garde began , ` ` taking only high demons with us so we could skip in and out , avoiding the ash that covers a great deal of the area .
` ` you are doubly fortunate that karzac wished to repay lissa in some way by healing those six you infected with vampire blood and ash , '' griffin said .
the animal roared in agony before falling over and turning to ash .
richter did n't have time to blink - gavin blurred as he flung out a hand and richter 's head smacked against the wall and then bounced across the floor , leaving a trail of ash behind it .
bill pulled his gun out as we walked inside our hotel room , stepping around two piles of ash that used to be richter and richter 's head .
the housekeeping staff had come and vacuumed up richter 's ash , thinking it was dirt .
charles had done his duty , though ; i only saw a few dead humans among piles of ash .
as it is , they wore the ash from his head when it exploded , and i was n't about to pay any cleaning bills .
she was , i 'd found the red silk dress she 'd been wearing , amid a pile of ash .
` ` kenneth white has informed me that each of the six subjects was infected not only with her blood , but with the ash of two others .
` ` the local authorities failed to find the ash , but radomir and russell recognized it easily enough - aubrey was killed as well .
he turned to ash while i watched . ''
` ` we were told there would be only ash left behind , '' one of them said , sounding pleased .
` ` after he is dead and turned to ash , i will allow lissa to do whatever she likes with this place and will permit you to help her select the decor , if she is willing . ''
i got the bartender to sweep up and dispose of the ash , i have the clothing . ''
piles of vampire ash lay all around us as i stood on tiptoe and gave kifirin a second kiss before smiling back .
` ` does vampire ash have good fertilizing properties ? ''
it was a phone lying amid a pile of ash .
black ash stirred and sifted off the body still , rising to float on the water 's surface .
the timer sitting on the side of the tub went off and franklin dutifully released the water , watching while additional black ash drifted down the drain .
terrified that her body would disintegrate under his hands , leaving the tub filled with ash instead of her body , gavin leaned forward and pried lissa 's mouth open as carefully as he could .
charles drew in a sharp breath at the sight of lissa 's burned body lying in a tub of water , flakes of black ash floating about her torso .
a pile of ash covered a rug nearby .
tony knelt down next to me , ignoring the clothing and pile of ash that lay on the concrete nearby .
he nodded toward the pile of ash and clothing .
tony asked one of the agents to pick up the vampire 's clothing and the ash that clung to it .
another portion of the building blew , filling the night air with ash and acrid fumes and forcing bill and dusty to haul tony backward while he struggled to pull away .
if tony had n't caught senator doofus in the act , i 'd be a pile of ash .
when tony hancock sent ash and clothing to him from california , larry had gotten to work right away .
the ash provided by director hancock had been compounded with two injectable solutions frazier designed .
the ash was running out , however , and he was desperate to find more .
* * * larry was asking for more ash and tony was berating himself .
they 'd all sat and watched the computer screen when larry loaded in the results of his experiments with the mister 's ash from los angeles .
the first lady choked back a sob while the vampire who 'd held her dropped in a heap on the floor , his head rolling away and his body turning to ash .
` ` this one on the left was done using the ash you gave me three days ago .
` ` i just sent the ash from the vampire mister in los angeles to larry and he discovered that some of your particular talents could be duplicated by injecting a compound of the ash into a lab chimp .
` ` i just sent the ash from the vampire mister in los angeles to larry and he discovered that some of your particular talents could be duplicated by injecting a compound of the ash into a lab chimp .
that was too good to pass up , lissa , but we did n't have enough of the ash to continue with the experiments .
` ` tony called the other man larry and said that larry started out compounding the ash from the mister i killed in los angeles and injecting it into a lab chimp .
` ` it is my understanding that you not only used ash from rogue vampires but blood from our lissa as well to perform experiments , '' wlodek got right to business .
if i got uncovered for any reason , they 'd have a pile of ash in the bed instead of a vampire , come nightfall .
if they tried to move me anywhere in daylight , they would n't have anything except ash to show for their efforts .
the vampires had already turned to ash .
even with the absence of ash as a telltale sign , my clothing would let them know they need n't come looking for me .
it was likely i 'd never be buried in mine now , if that vampires turn to ash thing were true .
or ash , or whatever it was i 'd be when the council got done with me .
winkler would come back and find a pile of ash ( or whatever it was that vampires turn into ) in the doorway to my bedroom .
the clothing was intact but the body began to flake away until something like gray ash formed .
my hands were clasped in my lap and my eyes were on my athletic shoes , which still showed signs of ash from sergio and edward .
i touched his forehead lightly and my fingers were blackened with ash when i pulled them away .
i can see that our landing has decimated the area - the trees nearest us are nothing but smoldering ash , and the ground is black and shiny , almost as if it has melted .
a warm breeze blows past , filling my nose with the scent of ash and dirt , lifting the edge of my hair .
nothing but ash now .
but we had plenty of time for youthful indecision , both apart and together , for limping into the future past the unforgettable ash heaps of our histories .
his face was bloody , contorted with rage , and his hair was black with ash .
a tall stone chimney remained erect amongst leaning beams and ash .
the tart smell of lemons mixed with ash .
` ` and watch your ash .
i choked on the smoke and ash .
the orange and yellow flames ate their way through the wrapping , until the tiny metallic purse was nothing but smoke and ash .
i lowered my arms , wiping the dirt and ash and grief from my eyes , but when i looked back she was gone .
i do n't know if it was my imagination , but the closer we got to the charred remains , the more it smelled like ash .
pastor reed , who lived down the street , was throwing buckets of water around the perimeter , his face coated in ash .
the way the ash swirled in the air , it looked like snow .
he wiped the ash from the crumbling branch off his hands .
i spent the rest of the day trying not to cough up ash .
' from blood , ash , and sorrow .
sarafine stared at her hands , covered in black ash .
` ` on the fifth , the lilum , the demon queen , was spun from the ash .
they blew through the air like ash .
the cold white drifts piled in the doorways and filled the fireplace , swirling into the air like ash .
` ` i watched sarafine burn to death , and the only thing that bothered me was the ash on my jacket . ''
abraham 's skin went pale , the color of white ash .
after a few minutes that felt more like hours , i watched as the last bits of the darkest caster in two worlds blew into cold white ash .
exhausted , i wiped the ash out of my eyes and sank into a ball at the foot of the wooden doors .
i did n't let go when the ink - smeared page crumbled into ash .
they were all tipped over at the trunks , the limbs reaching the ground , roots exposed and ash - white , like they had succumbed to a powerful wind .
the words tasted like ash on my tongue .
she traced it with her fingertips , finding that it was actually scored into the wood , so that her own hand fit inside it , though dwarfed by it , and came away dusted with fine ash .
she tasted ash , and imagined it had still lingered on his flesh when she 'd kissed him .
2 ash and angels the sky above uzbekistan , that night .
she would find no help or solace there - only ash and angels .
toppled towers , crushed battlements , charred bones , all of it a shifting field of ash .
she could make out the others now , and soon enough they were circling over the kasbah and dropping into the court , half on wings of her creation , no two the same in size or form but all alike in menace : armed to kill , leathers black with blood and ash .
the blue lovely made me fly again , but she was wicked , oh , false girl , she tasted of fairy tales , but let her have her ash city , let her mourn her dead monsters , she cheated me .
it was ash blackening ziri 's mouth and lips .
she 'd pointed down and away , down the slope where rock furrows met green , to a small clearing hazed by the smoke of a dead fire , a blot of ash at its center .
he was on his back in the ash , his arms wrenched wide , hands ... secured .
ziri felt the hot steel of the helm against his lip , and tasted ash as it began to spill .
his struggling gasps sucked it into his lungs and he was burning from within , all ash and no air , and time spun interminable .
it choked him , too , but it cleared the ash and then he was coughing it all out and breathing water and ash but also air , and not dying .
it choked him , too , but it cleared the ash and then he was coughing it all out and breathing water and ash but also air , and not dying .
she would have been glad to see him choked with ash .
nor would i have you leave our future buried under the ash , so that you might bury theirs . ''
his wings had burnt out ; his flame feathers were nothing but bare quills now , the barbs all turned to ash and fallen away .
` ` i do n't know , '' he said , to the asked question and the unasked , and he stared into the cremation fire as it burned fast and infernal , leaving only ash for an urn they did n't have .
she said for years the smell of fire continued to drift over the city , and every time the wind blew it would bring with it a covering of ash .
and again i realize he 's right : it is snowing , thick flakes the color of ash swirling all around us .
alex , alex , alex : my reason for everything , my new life , the promise of something better - gone , blown away into ash .
it leaves a bad taste in my mouth , of things rotting , of ash .
and i imagine that with the snow there is ash blowing over us .
bits of ash intermingle with the snow , carrying the faint smell of smoke .
this one is burning high and hot , and my eyes sting with ash and smoke when we 're still five feet away .
the cold is a constant pain now , a fierce ache in my chest and fingers and toes , and the snow is mostly driving ice , and burns like hot ash .
the air is still hot , stinking of ash and oil .
the air smells like ash .
at the edge of the fire , a dented pot is half - buried in the ash .
government - owned plots run up against seedy lots , and i pass three mobile home parks in a row , which are crowded with outdoor charcoal grills and fire pits and shrouded over by a film of smoke and ash , since the people who live here use electricity only sparingly .
she is pushing up from the ash , from a deep drift of cinders and char .
the ash is tumbling like sand into her open mouth , and i know she will soon be buried again , forced into silence , back into the dark .
i take aim at a tin cup that has been lying , half - buried in ash , at the edge of a burned - out campfire , and watch as it rockets twenty feet and pings off the side of a trailer .
i half expect her to snap back at me , but she just sighs and stares at the smoldering orange glow still embedded in the ash , like a buried sunset .
i close my eyes and see embers burning behind my lids : blood - red dawn , smoke and fire , alex behind the ash .
we did n't believe it until we saw the smoke clotting the sky , and saw the people begin to stream past us , running , pale , and the ash began to drift like snow .
and yet the ash continued swirling down , and the smells of death came through the windows , crept under the door , hung in our carpets and curtains , and screamed of her lie .
i stepped away from the pile of ash , and spoke into the empty room .
i pointed at the pile of ash .
the house smelled of ash and charred wood .
the charred bodies turned to ash , melting into the frozen ice at our feet .
he blew out a breath that smelled of ash , and then started to strum background chords .
she was wearing dark red lipstick , and her hair was its same ash blonde .
he tugged open the black bag , scooped out a handful of something that looked like ash , and sprinkled it into the lake , making the water cloud a dark grey .
` ` you were lucky no one had just recently dumped any summoning ash in there , '' laylen said , glancing at the lake .
` ` summoning ash ? ''
` ` in order for the water faeries to come up to the surface , summoning ash has to be put into the water first , '' he explained .
i nodded as i remembered how i 'd seen stephan dumping some black ash into the lake before my mom was dragged away to the underworld .
they were both struck speechless by the sight of us , lying on the floor , ash coating our skin and clothes .
he rubbed my arm with his finger , wiping away some ash .
` ` why do you have ash on you ? ''
aislin stood up and swept the ash off her clothes , while laylen brushed some out of her hair .
` ` if he can figure out how to make the mark , '' i explained , wiping some ash off the ugly olive - green lines on my arm .
then , nothing but ash .
and where had the fire and ash suddenly come from ?
there was no sign of the vampire anywhere , but a pile of black ash stained the gravel .
stephan and demetrius were nothing more than a pile of ash scattered across the grassy ground .
it s ash , i said , wiping my hands on my jeans .
suddenly , i was standing in the same house that was in iceland , surrounded by charcoaled wall paper and a floor stained with ash .
insulted , ari threw a cushion at him only to watch it dissolve into ash before it even hit him .
she stopped at the pile of ash made from the cushion jai had burned and tipped her toe into the pile nervously , moving it around .
she just thought about what jai did and raised a hand , believing it was ash .
he placed a free hand around first the right sword and it turned to ash , the weight of it easing from jai .
the humans yelled as ash and molten metal burned their hands .
his face was still covered with soot and ash .
sparks rained down , and i jerked back just as a beam crashed overhead , showering me with smoke and flames , and yet i wanted to run through the falling ash .
tears streaked down her face , mixing with the soot and the ash .
first of all , her mascara is running down her face like streaks of ash with tears leading the way .
the paper towels quickly turn to hot ash , so i drip crisco onto the wood and a fireball bursts up .
they were born just this morning to my dog , ash .
` ` you did such a good job , ash . ''
and an even greater number of ash flecks floated like singed pieces of paper around the fire .
` ` they 're all turning black from the ash , '' scott hollered at me over his shoulder .
gran ended up boycotting the ash scattering , and if she was n't going , there was no reason for the rest of us to .
ever since i 'd come to the winter court with ash , i 'd been dreading this moment .
that was also the last time i saw ash .
thinking of ash sent a flutter through my stomach , reminding me how much had changed .
when war threatened the courts , mab sent ash to capture me , hoping to use me as leverage against my father , king oberon .
but , somewhere in that blasted wasteland of dust and iron , watching ash battle the realm that was poisoning his very essence , i realized i was in love with him .
leaving my family behind once more , i followed ash into tir na nog , the land of winter .
a monstrous wolf , sent by oberon himself , tracked us down , intent on killing ash and spiriting me back to the summer court .
we managed to escape , but ash was wounded fighting the creature , so we took refuge in an abandoned ice cave to rest and bind his wounds .
` ` i agreed to that contract , same as you , '' i muttered , tying off the bandage with a jerk , but ash did n't even grunt .
but if ash was there , i would be all right .
a servant showed me to my quarters , and i sat in the small , chilly room waiting for ash to find me again .
` ` but that 's just ash , '' she 'd said , grinning at me from atop a bookcase .
even now , ash and his brothers are scouring our territory for these iron fey .
like ash , they wore long , thin blades at their hips , and carried themselves with the easy grace of royalty .
the first , the one who had spoken , resembled ash in build and height : lean , graceful and dangerous .
i hesitated , trying to catch ash 's gaze , wondering if i was included in this conversation .
i stared at him , mouth open , unwilling to believe this was ash speaking to me , but he continued with ruthless disdain .
ash and sage ignored me completely .
meghan and ash , sitting in a tree- '' ` ` tiaothin , shut up ! ''
` ` i am not in love with ash , '' i told her , crossing my arms over my chest .
` ` besides , '' she continued , ` ` ash is already is love with someone else .
well then , you should already know ash would never fall for a plain , half - human girl , not when ariella was the most beautiful sidhe in the winter court .
` ` so , you see , '' she finished , fixing me with a piercing stare , ` ` ash would never betray his queen and court for a human .
was she talking about ash ?
you , half - breed , are going to promise me that you wo n't so much as glance at my sweet ash , ever again .
` ` i hear you and ash traveled all the way to the iron king 's realm and back .
he agreed to help , but when we got to the iron kingdom , it made ash horribly sick , and he was captured by machina 's iron knights .
i snuck into the iron king 's tower , used a magic arrow to kill machina , rescued my brother and ash , and then we came here . ''
how very unlike ash .
all i could do was kneel there , the cold seeping through my jeans , hearing ash 's words echo through my head .
` ` oh , that was cruel , ash , '' rowan said , sounding delighted .
sometimes i dreamed that ash was in the room , standing in a corner or beside my bed , just watching me with bright silver eyes .
if i was asleep , i did n't have to face ash and the cold contempt on his face when he looked at me .
i drew back from ash 's voice , deeper into the comforting blackness .
` ` let 's show dear ash how much you 're over him .
i wanted to hurt ash , make him jealous , put him through the same pain i had gone through .
the voice that could either be rowan 's or ash 's , they sounded so much alike .
or did you just come to push yourself on me like rowan , or mock me like ash ?
i merely wanted to speak to you without rowan , ash , or some phouka trying to eavesdrop on the conversation . ''
` ` but ash was n't responsible for ariella 's death , '' i said , rubbing my forearms .
it was much like ash 's , straight and slender , the blade throwing off an icy blue aura .
call ash , '' i said .
somehow , through the dizzying rush of air , the relief at being able to breathe again , i noticed that ash was holding me , too .
i was on a roll now , and had the vindictive pleasure of seeing ash flinch as if i 'd struck him .
chapter five brothers ` ` hello , ash . ''
` ` i ca n't believe it , '' rowan gasped , staring at ash in disbelief .
and the thought of ash having to endure it with me for hundreds of years was even more horrifying .
i squeezed ash 's hand and pressed my face into his shoulder , glaring at rowan for all i was worth .
rowan crooned , flourishing his weapon as he stepped up to meet ash .
he lunged at ash , his sword a jagged blur through the air .
grabbing rowan 's arm , letting his brother 's momentum carry him forward , ash spun and threw him to the floor .
the older prince chuckled , raised his head and spit blood in ash 's face .
leaping back , his sword came up as rowan slashed at him with a dagger that appeared from nowhere , and rowan 's lunge carried him right onto the point of ash 's blade .
his voice came out choked , though his eyes were clear as he nodded at ash , still frozen in shock .
i wrenched my eyes from rowan 's bloody form and ran to ash , who was still staring at his brother in a horrified daze .
` ` yes , run away with ... your half - breed , ash . ''
bending down to pick it up , i saw two rings attached to the links , one large and one small , and what ash said finally sank in .
this - this drawer full of odds and ends - was ariella 's , where ash kept all his memories of her .
` ` ash , wait- '' ` ` do n't make this harder . ''
drawing his sword and motioning me back , ash strode to the door and warily cracked it open .
i looked to ash , pleading .
i crossed the threshold into the small , dark space and looked back for ash .
chapter six the goblin market i followed ash down the glittering staircase and through a narrow corridor studded with leering gargoyles and flickering blue torches .
i followed ash down narrow alleys with eyes peering out from under rocks and shadows , through tunnels that sparkled with millions of tiny crystals , and down streets lined with bone - white trees that glowed with sickly luminance .
trembling , i kept my head down and my eyes on ash 's shoulders as we wove our way through the screaming throngs .
it smelled wonderful , until i noticed the crispy bird and rat heads stuck on the kebabs between other unidentifiable chunks , and hurried after ash .
with every offer , i just shook my head and hurried after ash , weaving my way through the crowds .
the dwarf shook his head , giving ash a look of pity .
words hovered on the tip of my tongue , wanting to burst out , but i knew ash did n't want to hear them .
both our hearts were thudding wildly , and ash 's fingers were digging painfully into my shoulders .
` ` very intelligent , not going through the regular trods , ash , '' said one guard .
edgebriar smiled , leering at ash from behind the trio of knights , content to let his guards engage the winter prince .
the knights flinched , throwing up their arms to protect their faces , and ash lunged into their midst .
please do n't hit ash , i thought , winding back for the throw .
` ` now , '' edgebriar panted , locking gazes with ash , ` ` i want you to put down your sword and swear you will not follow us . ''
i gasped at the sudden pain , and ash tensed .
you ca n't stop them , ash .
i felt ash 's gaze on me , curious and wary , like a stranger 's .
the trees flew by at a terrifying speed as the horses plunged between trunks and over logs , reminding me of my first wild ride through faery , when i had been running away from ash , ironically .
i could n't watch ash be torn apart like that before my eyes .
the wiremen surrounded ash in a chaotic blur .
puck threw ash a mocking smile .
back to back , ash and puck sliced into their opponents with renewed vigor , neither giving an inch now that the other was there .
through the mass of writhing limbs , i caught glimpses of ash 's face , taut with concentration , and puck 's vicious smile .
i was suddenly aware of ash leaning against a pillar , watching us with an unreadable expression .
he glared at ash .
puck asked , as i stared at ash , unable to believe what i 'd just heard .
` ` ash ca n't do it by himself .
we can help- '' ` ` no , you ca n't , '' ash broke in .
` ` and you knew , '' i accused ash .
you and ash could ' ve died today . ''
and all i could see was ash , the passion on his face , the look in his eyes when he kissed me .
i drew back slightly , ready to apologize , to tell him i could n't right now , when a shadow appeared in the doorway and ash walked in .
i finally caught ash 's gaze , and my heart sank .
because i knew , somehow , that ash was saying goodbye , to both of us .
i wondered if she really was that perfect , or if this was what ash remembered her to be .
the flowers had faded , and ash was already gone .
part two chapter nine the summoning the evening following ash 's departure , puck and i hit the edge of the wyldwood .
and as the sun sank lower in the sky and the shadows lengthened around us , i slowly came to realize that ash was n't coming back .
i answered as best i could , leaving out the parts between me and ash , of course .
my stomach twisted , both from his confession , and what he 'd said about me and ash .
you might not know the consequences , princess , but ash does .
` ` ash is bad news .
my soul cried out for ash , for his courage and determination ; for the way his eyes thawed when he looked at me , as if i were the only person in the world ; for that beautiful , wounded spirit i saw beneath the cold exterior he showed the world .
i sobbed into his chest , releasing all the pent - up emotions that had been building since i first saw ash in the throne room .
this was as bad as refereeing the frequent threat - fests between puck and ash .
` ` it had to be ash . ''
am i right in assuming this is mab 's ash , the darling of the unseelie court ? ''
` ` ash is fine , princess , '' puck added , dismissing the idea immediately .
i became so worked up over ash , i barely heard what puck and leanansidhe were discussing , and a small part of me did n't care .
add in my constant worry for ash , and it started to drive me as crazy as leanansidhe 's collection of gifted but insane mortals .
` ` do n't you dare bring ash into this , '' i hissed , making him take a step back .
and even if the scepter was n't an issue , i still could n't do anything about ash because he does n't want to be found .
` ` so , the answer to your question is , yes , i want to find ash .
i wanted nothing more than to find ash and beg him to reconsider .
i 'd kissed him thinking of ash .
i missed ash , and the longing was ripping my stomach to pieces , but i also wanted puck to come back and kiss me some more .
one moment , i was ready to drag puck back here to finish what we 'd started , the next , i missed ash so much my chest hurt .
he looked pale and sweaty , and my heart lurched , remembering ash in the wasteland of the iron fey .
chapter sixteen traitor i stared at ash in a daze , torn between relief that he was alive and an acute , sickening despair .
` ` an illusion , '' he mocked , staring at ash in contempt .
i could n't let ash fade away into nothing , as if he had never existed at all .
instead of rewriting his brain- '' she stroked ash 's hair , and i clenched my shaking fists , fighting the urge to leap across the table and rip out her eyes ` ` -i had it take over his cervical nervous system , here . ''
i looked back and saw ash jump gracefully onto the table , his terrible blank gaze fastened on me .
he shouted , and whirled to block ash 's sword , slicing down at his back .
as the thornguards and ash turned toward this new threat , puck grabbed my hand and yanked me out of the room .
i looked back once and saw ash stalking toward us , his sword radiating blue light through the corridor .
just a moment , before the blade came flashing down , but it was enough time for ironhorse to lunge between us , shoving ash away .
as we escaped scicorp and fled into the streets , the last thing i remembered was watching the door close behind me on the stairs and seeing ash 's face through the window , a single tear frozen on his cheek .
` ` it was ash .
` ` i ' ve fought ash before , but not like this .
you could just tell me to stand still while ash chops off my head .
the same look ash had turned on me back in scicorp .
oh , and by the way , i ' m also sending ash to kill your family .
come back for the scepter , or run home and try to stop ash .
` ` ash is out there , '' i said .
` ` virus sent ash to kill my family , '' i said , dropping to my knees to peer under the couch .
puck and i will go after ash .
my mind was consumed with ash and my family .
` ` whatever lies beyond that door is n't ash any longer .
` ` let 's find ash . ''
if i wanted to save my family , puck would have to kill ash .
puck shoved me away as ash leaped across the room , his sword coming down in a sapphire blur .
with my back against the wall , i watched puck and ash battle in the middle of the living room , feeling dead inside and out .
a tiny spark of cold , iron glamour glimmered at the top of ash 's spine and i gasped .
i hit the wall and turned back to see ash standing over me , weapon raised high .
a scream lodged in my throat as puck and ash stared at each other , puck 's shoulders heaving with breaths or sobs , i could n't tell .
ignoring him , i lunged toward ash .
i felt a rush of sharp , metallic glamour coming from ash , buzzing in my ears and vibrating my senses .
i felt all my fear , panic and desperation drain away , and i looked at ash with a new curiosity .
i could see its round , ticklike body , clamped to the top of ash 's spine , the metal parasite that was killing him .
i fought for air and felt ash 's grip loosen the tiniest bit .
i met puck 's conflicted gaze , saw the sword waver as he swept it toward ash .
praying puck would hesitate a little longer , i turned back to ash , laying my palm against his cheek .
i put my shaking hand against ash 's chest , over his heart , feeling it crash against his ribs .
fighting for consciousness , i saw a glint of light , of something tiny and metallic , fly up toward the ceiling , and ash staring at his hands in horror .
i looked back and saw him holding ash 's sword , a grim , frightening look on his face .
for a second , i was afraid puck would stab him right there , but he tossed the blade at ash 's feet and turned away .
` ` i 'll deal with ash , princess , '' he murmured , holding up a hand to interrupt my protest .
` ` ash did n't hurt them , and as soon as the ice melts , they 'll be back to normal . ''
` ` how did you know about ash ? ''
the front door creaked softly on its hinges , spilling a bar of moonlight across the floor , and ash was nowhere to be seen .
` ` ash can barely keep his feet , '' i whispered , matching his glare .
he rolled his eyes and stalked off , glaring at ash as he swept by .
i knelt by ash , and my heart clenched at how pallid he looked , the abrasions on his face standing out angrily against his pale skin .
puck was there suddenly , dragging ash to his feet , grimacing at the pain of his own wound .
` ` we need your help , '' i said , turning so she could see puck and ash coming toward the porch .
i felt a small pang of guilt that i had to pull the daddy card like some spoiled rich kid , but it faded as puck dragged ash up the stairs .
puck complied , laying ash down on the sheets before collapsing into a chair that looked like an enormous mushroom .
he shrugged and offered a helpless grin , and i turned back to ash .
she pulled up ash 's shirt , revealing a layer of gauze that was just beginning to seep blood onto the mattress .
the nurse sighed , bending over ash , studying the cuts on his face , peeling away the gauze to see the stab wound .
` ` you stabbed ash , prince of the winter court . ''
i did n't have the same intense feelings for puck that i did for ash , but i did feel something for him .
` ` what about ash ?
just for a minute , and then i 'll check on ash .
` ` we 're still waiting for ash . ''
i 'd daydreamed about ash in a tuxedo , silly fantasies that crossed my mind every so often , but the image in my head was as far removed as a house cat was to a jaguar .
everything around me - noise , colors , people - faded into the ether , losing all relevance and meaning , until it was only me and ash in the entire world .
i did n't miss the subtle look that passed between ash and puck , either .
puck and ash each pushed open a door , and we swept through into another world .
but then i felt ash 's gaze , reminding me of a moonlit grove and swirling around the dance floor with the unseelie prince as scores of faeries looked on .
i glanced at ash in apology , but the prince had moved to a dark corner and was leaning against the wall , looking out over the sea of faces .
i stumbled a few times at first , then closed my eyes and imagined my first dance with ash .
as we moved around the dance floor , i caught glimpses of ash , standing alone in the corner with his hands in his pockets .
but when i peeked at the corner again , i saw ash smiling at the girls , achingly handsome and charming , and my stomach roiled .
dancing with ash was exactly how i remembered it .
i turned back , feeling ash 's gaze on me , my mind spinning several directions at once .
i shivered in my thin gown , wondering if ash 's mood could spread to the entire district .
i wondered if ash and puck ever felt the urge to strangle him .
` ` let 's go , '' i said , glancing at ash and puck .
` ` ash , are you all right for this ?
i asked , as both ash and puck moved closer , tense and protective .
barring his brief stint with virus , the last ash had seen of ironhorse , he was dragging us to machina in chains .
i switched to the problem at hand , not oblivious to the dark look he was receiving from ash .
he had n't been gone long when puck stiffened and ash jerked up , his hand going to his sword .
` ` puck can fly , and i ' m sure ash can get up there , but ironhorse and i are a little more earthbound . ''
grimalkin hopped lightly onto the wooden platform , followed by ash and puck , being careful not to touch the iron railings .
he looked to ash and nodded , as it suddenly dawned on me what he was implying .
i cried , rushing toward the broken skylight only to have ash catch my arm .
get this through your stubborn head , ash .
grinning , he threw himself at the guards , daggers flashing in the hellish light coming from ash 's blade and the scepter .
i felt a surge of cold iron glamour , and she shoved ash away , pushing him back in a flash of green .
puck and ash were busy fighting off the other guards and could n't help .
with a gasp , i lurched down the rest of the stairs , pushed past ash , and half ran , half stumbled to where ironhorse lay surrounded by dead bugs and the smoking remains of virus .
` ` i ' m so sorry , '' i whispered , feeling puck and ash press behind me , gazing over my shoulder .
i knelt on the cold tile and sobbed , unembarrassed , as puck and ash looked on gravely , until the faint rays of dawn began seeping through the broken skylights .
a hazy circle opened up in front of ash ; beyond it , i saw trees and earth and the foggy twilight of the wyldwood .
i gulped and looked to ash and puck .
hissing , it stepped between me , ash and puck , separating us with its body , coiling its tail over its back like a massive scorpion .
` ` but first , '' he continued , turning to glare at ash , ` ` i 'll need that scepter .
` ` a pity ash wo n't ever take his revenge , but believe me when i say this will be a pleasure .
i ducked beneath the monster and ran to ash , who caught me in an almost desperate hug , even as he kept his eyes on rowan .
my eyes fell on ash , holding both the scepter and his sword in a doubleweapon stance .
you turned ash against me .
the thornguard 's entire hand was blackened and shriveled , the skin flaking off like ash .
whispers and muttering filled the air ; some faeries snarled and hissed , baring their teeth , as if they wanted to mob ash , but kept their distance from the queen .
breaking away from puck , i started toward ash .
distraught , i looked back to ash .
` ` she will die , ash .
she looked at ash , fury and contempt curling her lips .
i 'd known ash a long time before ariella came into the picture , but i never begrudged her presence .
she was the buffer between us ; the one who could calm ash when he slipped too far toward his ruthless unseelie nature , or advised caution when one of my plans seemed a little ... impulsive .
leanansidhe turned to ash , and he stiffened .
` ` ash , darling , '' she purred .
i was n't anyway , and they both knew it , but leanansidhe looked at ash .
` ` anyway , '' she continued , turning back to ash , ` ` that is the situation .
the last wolf met a sudden end on ash 's blade , but then without warning , another pair of brambles unfurled and lunged , catching us by surprise this time .
` ` well , that was ... interesting , '' i ventured , deliberately ignoring ash 's glare .
they had n't seen me , had n't known i was awake , but i had watched ash and meghan that night ; listened as he told her he was leaving , alone , to retrieve the scepter of the seasons .
how had oberon learned about ash so quickly ?
chapter three my mistress with a monster is in love ash returned a few minutes later , sweeping into the grotto without preamble , carrying a brace of rabbit , which showed he had indeed been hunting .
kill ash ?
my princess , the girl i 'd do anything for , would never see me , never look at me the way she did ash .
as long as ash was around , meghan would never see me as anything more than a friend .
i watched ash , brooding into the fire , his back to me as he poked at the flames .
abruptly i stood , making ash glance back warily .
it is my court ; i ' m part of summer , and you 're supposed to be my enemy , ash .
` ` it 's a disguise , ash , '' i said again .
a fancy gold cloak settled around him , the edges trimmed with leaves , something ash would n't be caught dead in .
i could tell ash did n't like it ; he was always the plan - for - anything type , and usually found my play - it - by - ear tactics annoying and disturbing .
i glanced at ash .
looking at ash , and the pale determination on his face , i gave him a savage grin .
i saw ash draw in a quiet breath , steeling himself , and bit down my anticipation .
she smiled widely at ash .
she stroked the girl 's hair again , but ash did n't even glance at the human .
i held in my laughter until we were well away from the throne room , before turning on ash with a gleeful cackle .
that was the first look ash turned on me , his silver eyes wide with shock and disbelief .
at the base of the fountain , ash stirred , but the queen 's attention was solely on me .
i turned wearily as ash stepped out of the shadows of the maze , still wearing his disguise as a summer knight .
` ` welcome , '' i said , grinning at ash , ` ` to my humble abode . ''
i stepped up before lea could turn ash into a harpsichord .
` ` yes , well , try not to kill anybody , ash . ''
but ash was here , in the iron realm .
` ` behave , ash . ''
` ` i ' m ... all right , ash . ''
you know what mab will think , ash .
then there was ash .
i did n't realize until later how much ash had sacrificed to keep me safe .
i looked at ash , who was gazing toward the palace , his eyes distant and his face blank .
` ` i ' m sorry , ash , '' i whispered , as his bright soulful gaze shifted to me .
as we began climbing the steps into the palace , one of the sidhe nobles , a lanky faery with spiky crystalline hair , gave ash a mocking salute and murmured a sarcastic ` ` prince . ''
and they were also here for ash , to see if their former ice prince would be weak as a mere mortal .
not only for the future of my kingdom , but if ash was to have any peace in tir na nog , he was going to have to prove himself to his own people .
and i want you to send another message , ash .
i felt an icy burst of glamour , probably from ash , and another yell of utter shock .
it would be insane to ever think of ash as soft , but the frozen shell that had always surrounded the winter prince was gone .
ash was ash .
whatever ash was , he was the best at what he did .
he paused , as if expecting to announce ash as well , but of course ash was not with me at the moment .
` ` where is ash ? ''
i was about to reply that ash was doing just fine , thank you , when every light in the place - torches , the icicle chandeliers , flickering blue candles in the columns - sputtered and went out .
` ` and what of ash ? ''
i felt a blaze of fury at the unseelie queen 's manipulative ways , but ash 's voice remained calm .
and , without waiting for an answer , i turned and left the ballroom with ash at my side , feeling the winter queen 's frosty gaze skewering the back of my neck .
` ` home , ash , '' i said finally , desperate to get out of tir na nog , back to the familiar comfort of my realm .
oh , ash , i wanted this day to come , but i never thought something from our past would come back to haunt us .
only ash kept pace with me , saying nothing , though i knew that would end the second we reached our chambers .
it hit me then , what ash was saying .
i could tell by the way ash went motionless that he knew about this place .
` ` ash will be with me .
chapter four the wishing tree , as i learned from ash , was one of those oddities in the nevernever that sounded too good to be true .
` ` i hope he does n't expect us to make a wish on the thing , '' i continued , as ash scanned the surroundings , wary and alert as always .
puck had loved me , but he 'd gone with ash to help him earn a soul so that his archrival could return to the iron realm to be with me .
he shook himself , seeming to regain his composure , and glanced at ash .
puck looked faintly alarmed for a second , and glanced at ash .
i blinked at them in shock , but ash snorted .
` ` well - and this was a long time ago , understand - we made it to the tree- '' ` ` which took no small amount of effort , because oberon was hunting us all over the wyldwood , '' ash broke in .
i shared a glance with ash , who waited quietly , not looking at the snake or puck or grimalkin , but at me .
hissing furiously , it turned on ash , who stepped forward to meet it , his blade held up before him .
with puck and ash keeping the sentinel busy , i closed my eyes and sent my magic into the ground , into the wyldwood itself .
pushing myself off the root , i sheathed my blade as ash and puck came through the web , both their expressions blank with disbelief .
not with ash and puck beside me , their fingers wrapped tightly around mine , protective auras glowing strong .
he peered past me to where ash stood on the other side , squeezing my fingers in a death grip .
i stole a glance at ash .
i squared my shoulders and marched toward her , ash and puck close behind me .
i shared a glance with ash , and he nodded .
i felt ash at my back , remembered his words , the look in his eyes , and felt no fear .
` ` you promised ash and puck that i would not come to harm . ''
` ` ash and puck are still waiting for me , '' i told her , keeping the point of my blade angled in her direction .
i danced around and through them , dodging and parrying their blows like ash had taught me , striking back when i could .
the last oracle , the real one , cried , throwing up her hands as ash stalked toward her .
` ` ash , wait , '' i called , and ash halted , keeping his sword at the oracle 's withered chest .
` ` ash , wait , '' i called , and ash halted , keeping his sword at the oracle 's withered chest .
i looked at ash and puck .
i smacked his arm , but ash only shook his head .
` ` i ' m sorry , ash , '' i said quickly .
out of my way , ash . ''
i did feel a sharp chill at my back , and realized i was pushing ash dangerously , as well , speaking to his queen like that .
keirran - this faery before me - was ash and meghan 's son .
keirran was my age , as were meghan and ash ...
keirran met ash 's gaze .
uncaring of ash , puck or any of the surrounding knights , he pulled the summer girl into his arms and kissed her deeply , while razor jabbered with delight , beaming his manic smile at them both .
i looked at ash , frowning .
the prince consort of mag tuiredh meant ash .
both ash and meghan were out looking for keirran , and they probably had others scouring the nevernever for him , too .
i glanced over my shoulder ... to see ash on the rooftops across the street , the full moon at his back , staring right at us .
keirran glanced at me and jerked his head as ash came steadily closer .
was he talking about ash ?
meghan had struggled with it , as had ash , before they finally found the one loophole that allowed them to be together .
was he thinking of meghan or ash ?
you 're not going to tell ash or meghan where we are ? ''
` ` we have to kill it , ash !
any other time , it probably would ' ve blasted or stomped me into paste , but it had its hands full at the moment , with puck dancing on its snout and ash fending off blasts of icicle wind , hurling his own ice daggers back .
he met ash 's gaze , imploring .
as soon as ash left , i spun toward the place i 'd left the girl ... and nearly ran into her , coming up behind me .
kenzie went on , looking in the direction ash disappeared .
chapter twenty - one titania 's decision when we came out of the caves , what ash had been talking about became abundantly and sickeningly clear .
not to mention meghan and ash were going to be furious .
i put the piece of wood back and wipe my hand on my jeans , leaving a trail of black ash down the front .
blackened ash is forefront to nak*d trees and frost - covered grass .
its entire body collapses into a pile of ash , accompanied by a sound similar to a bag of sand being dropped to the ground .
the scout is still alive and henri takes sarah 's knife and thrusts it through its chest , reducing it to a pile of ash .
it bursts into ash at the base of the tree .
bolts of lightning begin raining down , striking the scouts dead where they stand , creating small explosions that form clouds of ash that drift listlessly across the yard .
the scout that bernie kosar is choking finally succumbs to death and bursts into a heap of ash covering the dog 's face .
he sneezes once , shakes the ash from his coat and then rushes off and chases the closest scout until they both disappear into the dense woods fifty yards away .
one by one the trees fall and crumble into heaps of ash .
thirty piles of ash from the fallen trees surround us .
a slight wind kicks up and the ash begins filtering across the empty space between us .
it falls to the ground , lies motionless , and then explodes into a cloud of ash that covers my shoes .
all the trees surrounding us have collapsed into heaps of ash just as they did in the other realm , just as the mogadorians do when they die .
the beast takes a great breath and holds it in as though in meditation , and suddenly its head explodes , raining down pieces of brain and flesh and skull over everything , all of which quickly turn to ash and dust .
the scout drops to its knees , falls to its side , and explodes into a puff of ash .
the aftermath of war , the school destroyed , the trees fallen and heaps of ash piled in the grass of the football field and i still hold henri .
sam helps me clear away the sticks and leaves and then we lay henri 's body on the ground so as not to dilute his ash with anything else .
they left no trace behind other than mysterious heaps of ash .
he dropped to the ground and burst into ash . ''
and as i watched the blood gush and spread across the floor , followed by him bursting into ash , i found myself wishing that it would have been possible to kill him a little more slowly .
it rolls in the grass right next to mine ; our noses touch before the head crumbles into a pile of ash , and i do everything i can not to breathe it in .
the body above me falls over and covers my jeans with ash .
they explode into thick ash , and when i turn i see a shirtless man frozen in the back door with a shotgun in his hands .
then she uses her telekinesis to throw the wheelbarrow at another , turning him into a pile of ash .
she 's covered in ash when she jumps over the fence after sam .
he falls to a pile of ash that blows onto my shoes .
bernie kosar pounces on the other mog and quickly he has a tongue coated in thick ash .
her flawless complexion glows in the lone playground bulb , and i feel instantly self - conscious about being covered in dirt and mog ash .
i shoot , emptying my pistol as i slide into the piles of ash .
my jeans are covered in their ash .
i blast the stumbling one - armed mog in the back with my tube , and he falls into a black heap of ash .
he falls forward and into the sleeping quarters ; and when he hits the stone floor , to my amazement , he turns into a pile of dirt or ash .
he disintegrates before my eyes , his body turning to ash and spreading across the floor .
my eyes meet the mogadorian 's , and he bursts into a heap of ash .
heaping mounds of ash have given the air a thick haze .
` ` there 's too much ash in my eyes .
i turn and study the hallway , thick with ash .
i have no idea how many of them crayton just killed , but the ash stands thick on the floor , covering our feet and ankles .
light from the windows comes through the fading ash , and crayton has cleared his eyes .
the mogadorians immediately fire at her , and olivia slams her head down on several at a time , creating large piles of ash .
after a few minutes , once the fire escapes up the spiral cavern at the end of the tunnel to continue to wreak havoc throughout the mountain , the long corridor in front of me is littered with ash piles and black monster bones .
the inferno i unleashed did much more damage than i thought it would , and we see piles upon piles of ash ; but we also see hundreds of mogs crawling out of different corridors and tunnels on their hands and knees , burned or still on fire , barking in pain , unable to pick up their guns , unable to do anything as we jump over them .
when he 's finished , nine runs back along the left wall of the corridor before circling to the ceiling and then to the right wall , a cloud of ash trailing him .
i see a few of the mogs burst into ash , but then my view is blocked by a swarm of drooling krauls .
i barely jump out of the way , and a moment later my back is covered with black ash .
it explodes , throwing several mogadorians and krauls to the ground in soggy bits of ash .
dozens of mogadorians burst into clouds of ash .
the mogadorians along the lake burst into ash , and when i ' ve killed them all , i aim towards the hundreds near the vehicles .
the explosion rotates number six and the mounted gun , and a moment later the injured soldier is nothing but ash .
but when i was nine years old , we had a close call in a cleveland alley with a mogadorian that left us both shaken and covered in a thick layer of ash .
her face is covered in black ash .
a cloud of ash floats to the ground .
he falls to my feet in a cloud of ash .
a cloud of his ash engulfs me as three more charge .
the ash hides me .
i step through his cloud of ash to find myself surrounded by a dozen more .
i ' m covered in a blanket of ash as i hit the ground .
though setrakus ra grimaces for the first time , instead of turning into a pile of ash he just reaches down and pulls the sword out of his body .
i toss fireballs at the closest ones to me and in a matter of seconds , they 're all torched , leaving a thick cloud of ash and smoke hanging above .
i would make sure they witnessed the destruction of their leader , and then i 'd leave them in the same pile of ash .
he 's left a trail of blood behind him as well as piles of ash .
i will turn every last one of these mogs into ash for hurting my friends .
she twists her way through an ever - increasing cloud of ash , the mogs soon completely decimated .
my dad spits out black ash as the mogadorian disintegrates in front of him .
he disintegrates and , briefly , through the cloud of ash , i can make out six 's silhouette .
besides the dark patches on the ground where the dead mogadorians turned to ash , there is no sign of our attackers .
then i pull the dumpster away from the wall and pluck the envelope from the pile of mogadorian ash .
the floor is covered with mogadorian ash , but otherwise all is quiet .
my eyes burn from the clouds of ash blown through the empty streets .
he falls to his knees and then bursts into ash .
seconds later , he 's a pile of ash on the elevator floor .
i scoop some of the ash into a plastic sandwich bag for sandor .
the mog disintegrates into a cloud of ash .
his body immediately decomposes into ash , mixing with fan fragments on maddy 's carpet .
i ' m sprinting along the wall back to four and sam in seconds , trailing a cloud of ash .
the hit warriors disintegrate into ash and are lost in the muddy river water .
after a few moments of futile struggling , the piken 's legs stop moving and it disintegrates into ash .
the girl wipes up the ash with a damp washcloth and produces a new worm from a nearby box .
before he can hit the ground , his body disintegrates into ash .
yet despite my conflicted feelings about the mission , i also do n't want to see my father turned into a pile of ash .
when i ' m satisfied with the plan , i burn the pages in the bathroom sink and rinse away the ash .
it was warm , ash black , but surprisingly soft .
a few seconds later he 's trotting back toward me , his mouth coated in ash .
i ' m surprised there are n't any guards at all , until i see a small pile of ash in one corner and another behind a desk near the entryway .
i picture them there - a little filament of ash in each tiny upside - down bulb of water .
` ` you just do n't like ash . ''
` ` does this have more to do with you and adam than daemon and ash ? ''
just like he knew daemon would eventually , because he would never end up with a luxen like ash .
so was ash , when she was n't with daemon .
his brother and sister , adam , andrew , and ash , and even matthew , their unofficial guardian , was there .
sprawled on the couch beside ash , andrew arched a brow .
anything to take a break from ash sometimes .
yeah , she knew she did n't hold a candle to a girl like ash , but geez , she was n't yesterday 's leftover fast food , either .
` ` so i just had a tiny chitchat with ash . ''
the only downside was andrew , but he left after a while , and she was so grateful that ash was a no - show .
coming back down to the floor , he turned on ash .
turning from a stunned ash to adam , he took a deep breath .
chapter 16 after that , adam and ash backed off , way off .
he glanced over at ash .
` ` great ash , how have you been ? ''
i felt heat , a mixture of embarrassment and anger , creep across my face as i stared at ash .
` ` ash has a thing for daemon , always had .
so is ash .
i stared at her , waiting for her to explain how in the hell that had anything to do with ash 's bitchiness .
` ` you mean ash and her brothers ? ''
after class , dee was waylaid by ash and a golden - haired boy who looked as though he could be a model .
then i saw ash 's ultra shiny cap of blonde hair from behind the boy on the table .
` ` shut up , ash , '' grumbled the twin that had turned around .
anger rolled off ash in waves , spreading across the table , smacking into me .
hands clenching the edges of the plastic tray , i leaned over the table and turned my plate upside down over daemon 's and ash 's heads .
most of the red gunk hit ash and the noodles covered daemon 's broad shoulder .
i expected backlash in every hallway and class , especially when i spotted one of the thompson boys in my history class or a freshly clothed ash sulking by her locker .
` ` ash is n't daemon 's girlfriend .
` ` well , i would n't try to talk to ash anytime soon . ''
as soon as lesa and carissa arrived at class , they demanded to know what possessed me to dump my plate of spaghetti on daemon 's and ash 's heads .
` ` well , if you do n't kill me , i ' m sure ash will be more than glad to do so . ''
` ` ash is n't my girlfriend , '' he said finally .
and ash hates my guts for no reason .
` ` you saved my life with ash ? ''
` ` do you kiss ash with yours ? ''
` ` i did n't get to tell you yesterday since he was up our butts , but you ca n't tell me you have n't noticed ash giving you the stink eye . ''
a second later , he smirked and turned away , focusing on what ash was saying to him .
i do n't know how ash is attracted to daemon .
` ` should n't you be more concerned with what ash is doing ? ''
i spied ash sitting at the table , looking pissed while daemon stared at the floor .
` ` are you having a good time with ... ash ? ''
i yelped at the sound of ash 's quiet voice .
` ` he 's not back with ash , right ?
there was also no ash .
tearing my gaze from him , my eyes locked with ash 's .
daemon stepped out of ash 's embrace while scratching a spot above his heart .
yeah , seemed like it ... in between whatever he was doing with ash .
there was no way i cared that daemon and ash were doing whatever .
images of ash kissing him sucked the air out of my lungs .
i wanted to run back in there and pull out every strand of ash 's hair .
` ` should n't you be making out with ash right now anyway ? ''
i do n't care if you and ash make alien babies together .
kicked a hissy fit over ash and daemon , stormed out of the party , and nearly decapitated simon .
i do like you , so i would n't mess around with ash .
` ` oh , shut up , ash . ''
` ` i did n't want ash or andrew to start giving you a bunch of crap because of me like they did with dawson and beth .
if i ended up being found in a ditch somewhere , my bets would be on ash or andrew .
maybe with ash- '' ` ` i do n't want ash . ''
as i shut the door , i caught sight of ash and andrew climbing into their car .
` ` the night of your party , when you thought i was messing around with ash ?
lucky me , i ended up sitting between ash and dee .
i sunk in my seat , ignoring ash as we waited for the lights to go down and the movie to start .
we hung back from ash and adam , arm and arm .
the man shuddered once , and then his face turned to ... ash .
i kept running down everything that had happened , ending with the men turning into ash .
` ` okay , before you tell me no , i already cleared it with ash . ''
i thought of the dod officers he 'd turned to ash ... and again i thought of an atomic bomb .
` ` she 's with ash and andrew .
it looked like a dumbfounded stick had smacked ash in the face .
bitch squad was a code name lesa had given ash and andrew when i first started at phs .
he killed adam , ash . ''
standing on the front porch , i watched ash and matthew drive off , my heart heavy with regret and a billion other things .
this from ash .
somehow i thought it might have had more to do with the fact that they wanted him to make little alien daemon babies with ash than him not sending out a mass text notifying everyone that he was no longer on the market .
` ` he and ash came over around six . ''
and that sting was turned into a hot , angry knife when i pictured dee and andrew sitting on one side of a booth and daemon and ash on the other , because that 's how they had to have sat when they went out to eat .
meaning he was still with ash - er , andrew , dee , and ash .
meaning he was still with ash - er , andrew , dee , and ash .
` ` i ' m sure ash soothed them for you . ''
instead you went out with andrew , dee , and ash .
ash , as in the ex - girlfriend ash , and how do i find out ?
you can call up ash and see if she 'll make you some eggs and bacon .
maybe because i never wanted ash , and i wanted you from the first moment i saw you - and before you get started , i know i had a bad way of showing it , but you know i wanted you .
dee tagged along and ash was there , because you know , she 's his sister . ''
` ` and you do n't hate ash .
dee or ash would probably be a better choice for this , but i knew i could do it .
` ` we 'll be fine , ash . ''
matthew and ash appeared , curious and concerned .
exhausted , my legs shook to keep me standing , but everyone was talking - dee , andrew , ash , and dawson .
i can wait with dee and ash . ''
halfway through today 's practice , we gained an audience that included ash and dee .
watching ash teeter around on her ridiculous heels , i had to wonder how ash and dee were even getting along .
watching ash teeter around on her ridiculous heels , i had to wonder how ash and dee were even getting along .
matthew was in the process of picking himself off the ground as ash tottered over to the onyx , frowning .
party pooper , i thought , but ash was a determined little alien .
` ` you know why , ash . ''
like me , she was a tad wary of going shopping with ash , and a glimmer of her old personality shone through when she started making cracks .
a second later , the stick collapsed into an ash replica , and as the whitish - red light receded , the branch fell apart .
handing it over , i followed him to the pile of onyx , wiping the ash off my fingers .
lesa 's mouth dropped open as ash spun and headed toward the back door that bore an open sign written in elegant calligraphy .
i ordered a hamburger while ash and dee ordered practically everything on the menu .
she got my message and that conversation was thankfully dropped and dee started talking about some tv show she was watching , which somehow sparked another argument between ash and lesa over who was the hottest guy on the show .
in the front passenger seat , ash snickered .
pushing the whole subject out of my mind by the time we got home , i said goodbye to lesa and even ash .
when daemon left to find something to drink , i was blindsided by ash and her human date ... and her little black dress .
what was he doing with ash ?
i kept smiling , giving ash a little wink before turning around .
promising to call her , i then looked for dee but all i found was ash , and after i zapped her earlier , she was looking like she wanted payback .
bits of ash were still falling from the sky .
he takes a few more hard puffs on his cigar and then knocks off the gray ash , exposing the end , glowing red - hot .
i purse my lips and blow on the ash .
ruined landscapes that hawk called brule rose up to meet us , where the charred bones of silver birch and maple , spruce and hemlock , marched to the horizon , victims of the spring fires that had raged for weeks , creating an apocalyptic vista stretching as far as the eye could see , where the restless wind whipped the inch - deep ash underfoot into a choking fog .
the fire had burned down to a few ash - covered embers in our absence , and i used the hatchet to cut up some more wood .
his face had turned the color of ash , and the only signs of life were the tiny explosions of breath condensing in the frigid air .
in dry weather , dust storms of pulverized manure blew through the broad avenues or floated like the volcanic ash of pompeii , piling half an inch deep upon windowsills and the stalls of the fruit vendors and sausage sellers , particles fine enough to be inhaled .
tramps lingered in doorways or loitered around the smoking ash barrels , eyes glowering beneath ratty hats , and hands tucked inside the fraying sleeves of their secondhand coats .
on every corner the fires of the ash barrels burned like beacons marking our descent into the teaming tenement , the smoke from which thickened the curtain of snow and obscured the landscape .
only dark panes dimly reflecting the glow from the ash barrels in the courtyard .
we were standing in the alley by the ash barrel , our feet buried in four inches of freshly fallen snow .
` ` i did not know you , wymond kendall , '' said the monstrumologist to the dismantled man stuffed into the ash barrel .
the boy with the tall glass of milk in the kitchen that smelled like apples and no darkness , no darkness anywhere , no bodies in ash barrels , no blood caked on the soles of his shoes , no screaming of his name in the deadest hours of the night , no unwinding thing that compelled and repulsed , that whispered like the thunder , i am .
chapter seventeen : ` ` too late '' i ran , barefooted , along riverside drive , south to seventy - second street and then east to broadway , running as if the devil himself were after me , along a narrow mountain pass and , on either side , the abyss , das ungeheuer , the tightly wound thing unwinding , and the unspooling refrain repeating until the words became a gibbering howl , it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late , the granite pavement scraping and clawing the soles of my nak*d feet , the smeared blobs of streetlamps in the early morning mist , and the hellish glow of the ash barrels where you can warm yourself over a dead man 's bones , and the bloody footprints left behind ; now the park and there the shadows between trees and the wet rocks and the sensuous whisper of leaf brushing leaf and the silence in between , and then broadway , the glittering blade thrust into the city 's heart ; along its garish edges shrieks of hysterical laughter from darkened doorways and the smell of stale beer , tramps in doorways , whores hanging from second - story windows of bawdy houses , and the tinny music of the dance hall , the drunken cries of sailors , the white coats of the sanitation workers , the thing unwinding pulling me as if by a silver cord , my blood the breadcrumbs marking the way back , but there is no going back now ; it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late ; redeem the time , redeem the dream , singing , singing down , between the lightless divide , the vacuity on either side , careening onto fiftieth , where broadway 's garish light fades and the buildings are dark and a dog furiously barks , maddened by the blood - smell , bloody rock against bloody bone , and the snarling river of fire that i breathe , the river of fire on which i run , a fire fed by blood , river of fire , river of blood , and the unquiet voice , the silver cord , it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late ; praying that we not be suffered to perish in the fire , praying we are not divided like the man in the ash barrel , praying , merciful god , let my prayer come unto thee out of the fire .
chapter seventeen : ` ` too late '' i ran , barefooted , along riverside drive , south to seventy - second street and then east to broadway , running as if the devil himself were after me , along a narrow mountain pass and , on either side , the abyss , das ungeheuer , the tightly wound thing unwinding , and the unspooling refrain repeating until the words became a gibbering howl , it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late , the granite pavement scraping and clawing the soles of my nak*d feet , the smeared blobs of streetlamps in the early morning mist , and the hellish glow of the ash barrels where you can warm yourself over a dead man 's bones , and the bloody footprints left behind ; now the park and there the shadows between trees and the wet rocks and the sensuous whisper of leaf brushing leaf and the silence in between , and then broadway , the glittering blade thrust into the city 's heart ; along its garish edges shrieks of hysterical laughter from darkened doorways and the smell of stale beer , tramps in doorways , whores hanging from second - story windows of bawdy houses , and the tinny music of the dance hall , the drunken cries of sailors , the white coats of the sanitation workers , the thing unwinding pulling me as if by a silver cord , my blood the breadcrumbs marking the way back , but there is no going back now ; it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late ; redeem the time , redeem the dream , singing , singing down , between the lightless divide , the vacuity on either side , careening onto fiftieth , where broadway 's garish light fades and the buildings are dark and a dog furiously barks , maddened by the blood - smell , bloody rock against bloody bone , and the snarling river of fire that i breathe , the river of fire on which i run , a fire fed by blood , river of fire , river of blood , and the unquiet voice , the silver cord , it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late ; praying that we not be suffered to perish in the fire , praying we are not divided like the man in the ash barrel , praying , merciful god , let my prayer come unto thee out of the fire .
let my prayer come unto thee between the division , from the fire that bisects the abyss ; turning on fifth avenue , six blocks , snap to , snap to ! , the sick wet slap of bloody feet on hard pavement , blood black in the yellow streetlights , and do not suffer us to die unrelieved and divided , do not consign us to the ash barrel , headwater of this fiery river upon which i run , where the melting muscles sizzle and the bones sing back to the stars singing down , and after this , our exile , and the river eddies at the foot of the brownstone , and i leap onto shore , and the house is ablaze with light , every window a glowing featureless eye ; banging on the door that opens at once , suddenly , like the yanking back of a curtain , and i am there .
a gust of wind tugged at the remnants of the papery flesh that still clung to its bones , and a few pieces tore away , rocketing aloft , like hot ash in the superheated air of a fire .
cold wind and cobwebs and windows encrusted with grime and warped wood the color of ash .
face the ash gray of the weathered siding .
the beast that had left behind the black , smoldering casings of his parents - for what it did not use for fuel , it shat out as dust and ash .
i dumped the first load of garbage into the nearest ash barrel .
the child in the tattered hat and the boy in the labyrinth and the man beside the ash barrel circle without beginning , without end .
the empty eye and the tangled strands of hair still clinging to the skull beside the ash barrel .
` ` and i know what you cut up and stuffed into an ash barrel .
and the locked door and the thing behind the locked door and the bones that steam in ash barrels and the lie we tell ourselves because the truth is too much for any human heart to bear .
he flicks the ash off the end of his cigar such that it lands on my boot .
i 'd probably still be alive when i was just ash and bone .
her mouth tasted like ash , and she found she could not even speak a complete sentence .
she takes a drag of the cigarette and taps the ash in the sink .
chuy taps his ash right on enrique 's desk .
a bunch of teenagers sauntered out , followed by a familiar ash - blond woman in a knockoff burberry jacket , but hanna could n't quite place her .
she raked her hands through her blue - black hair , little flakes of soot and ash raining onto the sheets .
most of the roof was missing , all of the leaded glass in the windows had blown out , and the front door was a pile of ash .
when she breathed in , all she could smell was ash .
and then she disintegrated into a pile of ash .
ali flicked the ash .
harper flicked a bit of ash off the tip .
but the police said that sometimes bones get ground up so finely that it 's hard to distinguish them from ash .
there was a long tip of ash at the end of sophie 's cigarette , but she did n't flick it away .
the family 's old barn was a heap of black wood and ash , ruined from the fire .
it was covered with thick stripes of ash and dirt .
spencer reached out to clean a streak of ash from her sister 's hair .
if the note had slipped out of spencer 's hands , it was nothing but ash now .
now salvation smoldered behind me , nothing but charred wood and piles of ash .
evidence of ash in the living world suggested it had burned down , but whoever lived there must have loved the place , because it had crossed into everlost .
the bright coppery strands of her hair were next to meggie 's ash blond , and gabriel 's heart thumped hard at the picture they made together , they just looked right .
i gasped , inhaling the ash i had mistaken for snow .
the ash would continue to fall until there was nothing but scorched earth remaining in the celestial meeting place kiran and i had fallen in love in .
watching the towering trees reduced to cinders and the wildflowers disintegrate into the raining ash i thought only of kiran .
dust and ash covered everything , every surface and person .
the world tastes like ash and acid , and i am drowning in the air .
some have been dumped in trash cans , where the fire burned out before the documents dissolved completely into ash .
he fishes out another page , blowing away a layer of ash and inspecting the text .
` ` ' ... phased life - forms ... energy - based ... noncorporeal ... temporary energy - matter conversion ... ' '' the rest of the text is lost in the crumbling ash , leaving black streaks across my palm .
the fragment of paper slips from my nerveless hand , fluttering to the floor , streaming ash .
the fabric flutters and flakes away , drifting through the air like ash .
the walls collapsed in heaps of ash and brokenness with some debris falling at my feet , some scattering into the fires beyond the dig - out of the basement .
i swiped the hair that had escaped my ponytail back- it was filthy and covered in ash .
he was burning me up slowly , methodically and when he was finished i would be nothing but ash and dust .
afraid of what she would see her eyes peeled open slowly , and she grimaced at the large pile of ash in front of her .
once she had changed back , and had her jeans and t - shirt on , she turned around to squint at the pile of ash .
she fled towards the elevator , an image of what she had just seen and heard filtering down from her mind to land like ash on her tongue .
taking a hold of its reins she focused it on the daemons body and watched as it obliterated it into ash , leaving just a dusty trace of it ever having been there .
marita had obviously filled his mom 's lungs with smoke and ash in order to suffocate her .
it was just a load of ash and rubble , they said .
just rubble and debris , and the ash from marita and her magiks ' bodies . ''
` ` why was there ash ? ''
the shirt becomes ash .
flakes of gray ash blow back into the cab and land on my clothes .
i gape at him as smoke snakes from his lips and he takes out the cigarette and sticks his hand out the window , scattering ash into the street as he grazes his thumb across the end .
it devours it , leaving only ash .
grandma mercer tapped the ash in a glass she was using as an ashtray .
but as soon as she touched emma , becky disintegrated into a heap of ash .
maybe it was something more like leftover volcanic ash , or demon vomit ... . granted , a lot of rusted blue and gray demon vomit , but demon vomit nonetheless .
his brows rose high on his ash - covered face .
fires smoldered , most of them just smoking piles of ash .
every bite tasted like ash .
the bonfires just produce ash to cover the fields . ''
perry tasted ash and blood .
cinder had bled the life out of everything except a crow mask that lay in the ash , the silver warped .
blood and ash crusted to their clothes and skin .
i scent the remnants of a fire , probably months old , but the ash is different from yesterday , with cinder .
` ` what did that ash smell like ? ''
she is around my sister 's age , eight , and has a complexion as gray as ash .
he has always had a pinched face , like he 's just swallowed ash .
black pieces of ash and glowing embers flutter by , some as large as leaves .
he tastes like ash .
the skin on his arm where i ' m clutching him is dissolving too , like ash in the rain .
the wind picks up and hurls hot ash into my face .
i wonder if it could have been burned into ash , if the fire was that hot .
we are n't in the vision now , but i still find him beautiful , even wet with rain and smudged with ash .
he 's thinking about the moment when he wiped the smudge of ash from my cheek , the way my skin felt under his fingers , the way i looked at him .
she hopes that asael will turn us all , me and christian and angela , to tiny piles of ash .
may scowled as she flicked ash into an ugly clay dish i 'd made for that purpose at summer camp seven years ago .
the idea of wil 's guitar turned to ash is almost as horrifying as the thought of his unwinding .
you started panicking like i was hurting you or- '' the next words tasted like ash and vomit as i spoke them .
flicking some ash , he glanced around the dark warehouse .
you should be happy , ash .
` ` you know you love me , ash . ''
` ` fuck , ash , will you stop bringing it up ?
` ` we got ta come up with a plan , ash , '' he says , munching .
you have definitely been holding out on me , ash .
introduce me to him , ash . ''
i know that , ash . ''
` ` come on , ash . ''
` ` you totally relax me , ash . ''
` ` it 's cool , ash , '' derek says .
` ` let them play , ash .
` ` it 's not what you think , ash . ''
` ` you know i hate the girl drama jealousy thing , ash .
loosen up for once , ash .
` ` hey , ash , '' bree says when she notices me .
` ` we know he 's transferring , ash . ''
he burst into ash .
within a single heartbeat of time , he was gone and ash was floating through the air .
he disappeared in a burst of ash .
when the last one exploded into tiny pieces of ash , my knees collapsed , and i fell .
would nana come in here and find a pile of ash , then blame someone else ?
the trees were now naked , their leaves burned away , their branches covered with ash .
the body exploded and ash rained through the air .
more ash sprayed .
gavin straightened , ash from the last creature to die raining around him .
the chair burned midway , ash drifting through the air .
the zombie touched me and burst into ash .
ash , ash , ash .
ash , ash , ash .
as the flames at last left me , i looked around and realized piles of ash surrounded us .
it 'll fade in- '' kelly burst into ash .
` ` ali touched kelly with her flames , and he burst into ash . ''
i ran my hand along the obviously new bannister , recalling when i had watched it crumble into ash .
it were hot , and it smelled fair good , but the thought of mrs . cooper and her little ones made my stomach fill with ash ' stead of hunger .
she were covered over with ash and black , but then again , so were i. i climbed up careful , staying to the thick roots of the branches , like the tree were glass and snapping a twig would bring the whole thing down .
i spat it out of my mouth , trying not to think of the blood and ash and sweat and waste that were in it .
` ` allan , '' i said , breathing in the smell only rob had , of pine and ash and ocean .
the grate was blackened , the hearth thick with fresh ash and cinders .
stooped and traced her finger in the ash .
my temples pound , my lips are dry , my mouth tastes of ash .
aunt 's face is so close that i see the ash of burnt match she uses to darken the gray in her brows and the talcum powder that cakes the pores of her nose and ringed crinkles of her neck .
joshua could have been made from pompeii ash .
over at the immense fireplace , in front of a huge cauldron , laila tended a pot on a small bed of coals and ash .
all of his eyes closed , and with a brilliant flare of searing light , he was reduced to a cloud of black ash .
for an instant the ash held to his shape , a brief afterimage of his existence , and then the sooty particles began to disperse as they drifted downward .
she stared in astonished relief at the floating ash .
children who had now grown into assassins and barmaids , without a true place to call home , their native kingdoms left in ruin and ash .
part one heir of ash 1 gods , it was boiling in this useless excuse for a kingdom .
only ash and an abyss and the unbreakable vow she 'd carved into her flesh , to the friend who had seen her for what she truly was .
she had damned them all , and then left the world to burn into ash and dust .
` ` the volcanoes are active , so it 's always dark , you see , because the ash covers everything .
but she would - she was going to burn these things into ash and dust .
she was the heir of ash and fire , and she would bow to no one .
now that he 'd mentioned it , i could see a smear of ash he 'd missed on his temple and when i breathed in , i pulled hints of soot and smoke .
he continues to hold the cigarette out the window , some of the ash drafting back inside the cab of the truck and landing on the gray henley he 's wearing , the sleeves rolled up .
what was left clung in cold , hard , black ash clots to scorched aluminum poles , like petrified meat on the fossilized ribs of a prehistoric dinosaur .
` ` this is where the ashes get really important , '' she said , and began carefully scooping out handfuls of cool ash which she drizzled over the flames .
images of crumbling towers and pillars of smoky ash were about all she could recall .
of ash and smoke .
a braided rug lay in front of a stone fireplace , the charred remnants of several logs resting in gray ash .
the cabin was a jumble of odors : rotting food , gray ash , dish soap , the metallic sting of tracked - in dirt , even a spike of peppermint chewing gum probably squirreled in one of those jackets .
in the common room , they passed by tom , who was scooping the clog of ash from the fireplace .
after that blew , the sunsets were bloody and the moon was blue and green because of all the ash in the air .
there was ash on his neck , and to alex , he smelled of smoke and desperation and something she could n't quite place .
she worked in silence , sweeping away dead , cold ash and then mounding fuel .
without waiting for a reply , she shrugged into her coat , grabbed up the now - filled ash pail , and hurried out of the house .
unzipping the case , chris folded back the top , but he already knew from the weight that the two sturdy bags , filled with gray ash , were still there .
daniel was the color of ash and still as a statue in a swirl of snow , like the dead air at a hurricane 's heart .
the cabin was a ruin : a skeleton of scorched timber and charred debris floating on a gray moat of refrozen snow and ash .
nathan 's face was the color of ash .
weller 's skin was ash and his swollen eyes were pink , but his voice was a knife .
nothing left but ash and a scorched shadow , just like hiroshima and that nameless japanese person : painted black on a stretch of ruined concrete in a skeletal cityscape of twisted iron , pulverized stone , and naked steel .
aidan unzipped his parka , revealing a baggy , redchecked flannel and white thermals so grimy the collar was the color of ash .
` ` i- '' she began , and then he saw her eyes , which were the color of soft ash , flit to his throat .
the color of iraq then was this really funky neon orange , not dead ash - gray .
lower down , just below that last rib , she traced the bit of wound wood - a piece of an ash tree prepared in some weird amish magic way - that hannah had placed over the rip where that killing spike had driven through .
over the lingering sweetness of chocolate and coconut , she could taste the emptiness here , all cold dust and gray ash .
to the right was a black cast - iron cookstove on a square of raised red block , with a box of oak splits , a pail for ash , a brush , and shovel .
hannah had something clutched in her arms , and as chris dodged around milling animals , he saw that it was a still - glistening , newborn lamb , its skin streaked with soot and ash .
must ' ve been that last fireball , all that ash .
the sight of big earl standing over casey with that switch of whippy ash ; the whickering sound that damn thing made as it cut the air ... something in eric just broke .
i 'd met his eyes , not sure if he was teasing , not sure what i 'd try to ` ` get away with '' in this place that stank like our basement : stale beer and ash .
the guy opened the door wider , and i saw all of it - the dank living room , crumpled beer cans by a beat - up recliner , a low table littered with ash and papers , lighters and baggies , mismatched curtains dangling from metal rods .
it 's been burning for a very long time , with a mound of glowing coals and ash beneath it , and i am stricken when i see a somehow unmolested scrap of tommy falk 's jacket caught on the timbers .
the night horror flew after it , less graceful , a bit of ash tossed in a nuclear wind .
this ward would have to stay just words until i figured out what the hell an ash tree looked like .
the coals of the very center of the bonfire behind seward still smoldered , but most of what had been flames before was dry gray ash .
she must've- i slowly sank down in the ash , onto my knees , watching the way it stuck to the legs of my jeans and feeling my toes sink into it behind me .
i licked my dry lips ; they tasted like ash .
my skin stung and blistered as i moved crumbling , smoking pieces of ash and wood aside .
` ` holy crap , '' said paul , and then turned around , because she was smeared with ash and naked .
i muttered , ` ` i ' ve got some damn ash in my eye . ''
james ' attire was a bit strange - he had accessorized a t - shirt that read you : off my planet with an iron fireplace ash scoop , which he held over his shoulder like a rifle .
the giant bull , on the other hand , was pale dun beneath the ash that covered his coat , and i saw panic and rage in his liquid eyes .
there was nothing left of the brave female warrior except blackened ash .
thick books of magic with weathered covers were scattered about , a large mirror was lying in the center of the room surrounded by a circle of ash .
a cloud of ash billowed , blotting out fireman and child .
past a bombed library snowing ash and burning papers .
like the victims of pompeii , arrested in ice rather than ash .
at first his screaming was just that , but then he began to babble , yelling about the seas boiling and ash raining from the sky and an endless blanket of smoke smothering the earth .
i remembered horace 's prophetic dream of ash clouds and scorched earth , and i realized what he 'd been seeing .
looking like a beggar evangelist in his torn black suit , he shuffled to an ash pile that had spilled from the cracked - open house and bent to gather a palm full of soot .
` ` so this place , '' i said , pointing to horace 's ash painting on the wall .
inside it was nothing but ash .
magpie stared at the pit of ash .
first fade almost snorted me into ash and now him .
the sky choked on smoke and ash , and the people did , too , spending their days coughing and itching , their eyes turned forever towards the ground .
the real monster , the one he was properly afraid of , the one he 'd expected to see when the yew tree first showed up , the real , nightmare monster , formed of cloud and ash and dark flames , but with real muscle , real strength , real red eyes that glared back at him and flashing teeth that would eat his mother alive .
the filth and ash that had taken his mum was returning up the cliff face in tendrils of smoke , smoke that he could n't help but breathe in .
what use an urn full of ash could be to them i just did nt know , perhaps it was a macabre attempt to try and flush charlie out in some way , but they did nt know about my little black book ; not the electric one - the paper one , which i kept well and truly securely locked away , and under h , for hrh , i found his personal number .
hot ash began to fall around them like large snowflakes .
they eyed me while i put some fire to the ash end of the cigar , making a great deal of it to impress them with my presence .
another pile of gray ash was all that remained of the wizard .
gwaum stood over the pile of ash .
gwaum had no use for this pile of ash .
adaman knew without a doubt that if the old man had any opportunity to develop a relationship with the simulacrum of elena howe , his own and , most likely , jacks future , too , would be ash .
he had feasted on ash .
bitter ash .
the fear and anger , which had energized her ever since leaving the hospital so many hours before , that had flared up with her fathers murder and the fight and escape from his killers , that had burned bright with jack fflowers apparent betrayal , was gone , burned out , turned to ash .
after everything was turned to ash , prissi locked the kitchen window .
when he finally emerges , the streaks of his tears are deeply outlined by the black of ash .
it was only a few short steps from his building to the nsf headquarters , and his boots made a scrunching sound as they pulverized the volcanic ash underfoot to an even finer powder .
she got up and walked to the window , just because she was feeling restless , and looked out over the snow pocketed volcanic ash to see a truck coming to a stop .
walt drove slowly over the ash roads through the base , looking no different than any other scientist might on the edge of antarctica .
they walked down the hill toward the coastline where their equipment was lined up on the ash beach .
this boat was charred and cracked , melted , burned- a black blight on the pristine sands , the ash from the fire that had consumed it spreading out to form a black circle , thirty feet in diameter .
a gold necklace , covered in ash and soot .
as ash moved , sun glinted off something metal .
josie watched as the water began to wash away ash and soot , revealing gray beneath .
it remained motionless , more and more ash and soot washing off .
nearly a flash flood , the rain had washed all the ash and soot off the stone corpse in a very short time .
what had been a strong fire was now a barely - glowing collection of ash .
covered in ash .
amidst the soot and ash from what must have been a raging fire , josie saw an odd shape on the ground next to the broken , burnt boat .
he casually brushed ash off his bare chest .
the little group kept well away from the burnt house , not least because wisps of ash and soot sprang up at every breeze from the blackened grave and clung to any nearby face or bit of clothing .
her eyes were framed by ovals of ash black filled with lavender powder on the lids .
you just ca nt expect a tired man to hold a fifteen foot length of ash topped with a heavy blade and cross - arm at arms length for long .
he was incinerated , the ash falling to the floor .
bobby crushed his cigarette on the ash tray .
the ash tray next to the drink was already filled with cigarette ash and butt .
the ash tray next to the drink was already filled with cigarette ash and butt .
a sheet of paper lies next to the ash tray , half soaked with liquor .
he carefully tapped off a disc of thick ash into the silver holder by his elbow .
there was another loud explosion as the warhead hit the tarmac , and the entire launch area was buried in a thick , gray blanket of smoke and ash .
every airborne speck of dust was blasted into ash .
the ash and rock began to fall out in a circle that reached hundreds of miles in all directions .
within a week , darkness settled over the planet because of the amount of ash in the atmosphere .
they created a layer of soot and ash that was miles thick in the atmosphere .
as luke stumbled backward and watched , the girl burned into ash in front of him .
when they found the tents they saw the fire was smoldering with gray ash .
a few inches from him , a crown sat amid a pile of black ash .
the jade turned to ash in adoullas palm , and there was a noise like a crashing wave .
a last bit of something careful and thoughtful in layla seemed to burn and blow away like ash .
the fire had grown since he dozed , the ash sifting into the air and blowing across his pants , vest , and horse - felt blazer .
if there was one thing anglin did n't like , it was ash or dirt smudging up his expensive clothes .
henri smiled as the wooden silo shredded like ash : first , the doors were pulled off by the wind and tossed like two weightless discuses ; the top portion of the silo fell over but did n't hit the ground , instead half - laying on its side as the wind and support beams tried to keep it balanced ; and then every bit was ripped apart by invisible claws .
a layer of dirty ash covered every surface .
nathan shook the ash from his cigar .
appearing as ash or red eyes in the sky would nt do it for this generation .
uneasy , she handed the glass to landon , who was already explaining : ` ` some of them wear the dark grey the drethlords do , the color of wet ash .
why think you there is a ring of cinder and ash for leagues around this place ?
when a path forked off to the left into a grove of ash , they took it .
screamed a man , dressed as a ninja and trailing smoke and ash .
trailing smoke and ash , he brushed against the menorah as he fled .
screamed the ninja who ran past , on fire , trailing smoke and ash .
it smells of ash .
the canister exploded and flaming pieces of ash rained down onto everything in a one hundred foot radius .
when i stood , nothing but smoking ash tumbled off my scorched clothing .
he said looking into her eyes , then out the window to the pile of ash , back into her eyes .
you will burn an object of your desire and you will cast the ash over us .
angell closed her eyes , putting the flame picture in a sieve and started to dispel the ash over the flowers .
in the moment when the ash touched the flowers like a black snow , the candles flame became blue and started to extinguish one by one , like someone invisible was blowing them .
angell looked desperately around , seeing the ash which she spread it , to powerfully twist making a small tornado , higher then angell herself .
angell made a mocking sign towards them , like a good bye , having an evil satisfaction on her face , observing how the flowers were burning , becoming ash , and with the bottle full of forget - me - not tea , she took momentum , throwing it in the blue fire , and exploded , like angell just thrown a grenade .
he reached without any difficulty the chamber where the portal was , and he saw that kristall was made of ash .
the boats crew leant back throwing their combined weight behind the long ash oars and the heavy boat turned in a slow laboured arc towards the shore .
the heavy ash oars dropped as one and the boat instantly lost way .
the arm of the advocates jacket smelled like ash and blood .
wolf eyes only had the piece of ash that was going to be his bow , but he gave chase , anyway .
i lit a cigarette damn the fire risk , damn the sniper that might be drawing a bead on the glowing ash .
she directed me to a chair in front of a large , battered desk with an overflowing ash tray .
all that remains are grim fading ghostly ash clouds that float above the crowd .
she lands roughly , in a pile of burning radioactive ash .
gasping for air , maya writhes in the burning ash and sobs in pain .
gwendolyn burned her until there was nothing left of her , not even ash .
for over two years our brothers , sisters , mothers and fathers have lain in the smoking ruins of our cities , covered in radioactive ash , begging for justice .
the walls were scorched black and the hat collection that had hung on the walls was now a scattering of ash on the floor , but the valuable chests with their collections of mysterious herbs and cures , jewellery and the story mat were only slightly singed , thank goodness .
he was covered in mud and ash and his jaguar helmet was scorched .
the creature began to shatter into pieces of rose petals before turning into tiny specks of ash .
it grasped her neck and she had turned to ash , then vanished like the others .
those were the first words that escaped from my lips when i awoke , not in the blood and ash of an afghan weapons depot , but staring at the white ceiling of a military hospital .
kendril leaned against the door , wiping sweat and ash from his forehead .
all the ash .
george , the building old bob there committed to ash was the reformatory for wayward youth .
every breath he drew felt like he was breathing in hot ash .
as claire watched , the group threw handfuls of dust off the cliff , nearly toppling from the rocks as the wind blew the ash back at them .
a magician seemed very interesting , as they always carried precious gems or staffs of power made from oak , silver or ash .
her face was the color of ash .
' you better watch that mary , ' he added ' my mate ash , he ' ad a cut like that , an e was dead in a week . '
a hole the size of new jersey blew outwards into the atmosphere , dumping several feet of ash and debris over much of the north american continent .
if no one is looking up to make a wish , does the meteor at least get to make one before scattering forever into ash ?
with the torch , he set it ablaze and waited until it too was nothing but ash .
and the lightly colored beds of compressed ash only irritated her eyes and skin .
he motioned willie out of the way and began scribing a circle of ash around me , reciting a song , the words of which i did not know .
he wandered out of the hut and could see the remains of the great fire now just black ash .
he climbed down from the truck , his skin and cutoffs coated with sticky bits of black ash .
all this repository was converted to black ash , the brick piers barely extending above the collapse , weak from the intense flames of last nights instant .
even touching it made the remains of the house sway slightly with a rain of black ash falling towards the ground and causing a mushroom of dead smoke to rise .
he was dressed in another white silk suit and walked deftly so that the suit and his well shined shoes would not be covered with the mud and black ash that was everywhere .
a few dove into the cove , and steam hissed as they hit , but many of the breed burst into ash and the wind scattered their remains .
she released a long breath and tightened her grip on the ash staff shed used as support during her journey .
the robes exposed areas of skin on their chests and stomachs , and it was pierced and sliced and coated with fine powder , like talcum , or ... ash ?
to make matters worse , the fireplace now contained nothing more than a smoldering pile of glowing ash .
iris examined the smoldering ash where the skeleton had stood .
it hissed at aiden as he reignited his hands , speedily turning the threat into a pile of ash .
he stood there on the singed and brittle lawn , looking over the mounds of ash and jutting timbers .
without waiting for bax 's reply , matthew leaned out over the ash and cinders .
he slipped , and the bed of ash appeared to leap up at him .
the cowboy then picked up the daguerreotype and blew the ash from its surface .
he stopped in the bathroom only long enough to pee and splash some water on his ash blond hair .
the ash fertilized the low growing blueberry bushes and the fire removed the competition by killing the fresh greening sprouts of alder , birch and willow bushes setting up the pasture for another productive year .
by the looks of it , narcosis is at work : his head is buried in his left arm , his right hand holding a cigarette that looked as if it had been burning idly for a number of minutes , as an inch of ash buildup is ready to surrender to the comprehensive laws of gravity before the next classic rock song ( deep purple seems about right ) begins on the jukebox .
next , he use the lye ash soap and lathered his head , body , and lastly his groin so thoroughly that he was at last free of the wretched vermin that had persecuted him for so long .
with this , velecent studied his feet , kicked the muddy ash on the edge of the fire pit with the toe of one boot .
in fragments , he inched into the ash until he lay where she had .
they were like glittering sparks , twirling around in the middle of this graying , abandoned warehouse , unwittingly about to catch fire until there was nothing left of them , but a pitiful pile of ash .
kate was tall and thin like her mother , but her features were all her dads : ash brown hair , hazel eyes , and a light wash of freckles peppering her cheeks .
he only stayed at the house a few nights a week , but when my mom had conner , he was practically a ghost , with only the cigarette ash in our driveway from where fred waited , as an eerie reminder of his transparent presence .
i hear these companies keep part of the ash to make extra ones if you lose the original , i said .
there are companies who make concrete spheres by mixing ash remains with corals .
also , there are companies who undertake spreading the ash into deep space through space rockets .
the large fireplace on the opposite wall was full of ash .
he had a ring through his nose , and his eyes were a dead grey , sort of like ash .
vines crackled and burned , turning to ash as the flames raced along the roots , eagerly consuming everything .
sonny jumped down and handed ash his horses rein , then began to fiddle with the rough split rails .
pete flicked some ash towards bound feet .
incoming soil backed up , slid down ravines or other slopes , until gravity stopped the momentum and dust flew into the air to join the smoke and ash .
well you know he just got out of the prison said mary , tapping the end of the cigarette on the floor , the ash dropped .
last year at about this time , a severe earthquake had shaken the ground , the sky had filled with smoke , ash rain and a vicious storm had lashed the countryside .
chaiko undressed and unaccustomed , stood naked in public view while dawn rubbed a mixture of grease , ash and white clay all over him .
there was some paper on the leader but it is ash now , could nt make out any writing .
some of the pieces of ash coming down were still glowing red , even full blown embers began dropping out of the sky .
trees broken and smoldering , the ground a charred mess , and the ash raining down looked deceptively like snowflakes .
then he glanced toward the hand holding the gems , it was the color of gray ash .
as the shepherd looked on , the man knelt upon ash and cinder and bowed his head , speaking in low tones that the boy struggled to hear .
his sleeves were now ash and his shirt had been ruined beyond repair , but his arms were unharmed .
though the twin blades were side by side , only one charred before turning into ash .
with the card in hand , ethan crushed it in his palm and blasted it with a short burst of fire which reduced it to a fine white ash and moved to a trash bin to wipe it off .
you and i can just blink and demons will become ash because to produce fire requires tremendous spirit energy .
the all father jumped skillfully down as gungnirs glow faded back into the dull glow it always had after a sweep through the body made the form of ash scatter .
only ash and smoke flitted down to the lake , drawn by gravity .
i remember it looking around confused before flashing into ash .
the growing crowd watched as moments later the drone passed through the first , but the second became smoky ash .
by the time the bones were even less than ash and scattered by the wind a pixie appeared and sent ethan and kira back to the first house .
you two better take a shower awe kanade , please tell me that pile of ash at the foot of the bed is nt the nightwear i made for your special night ?
you already demonstrated you can make it into instant ash .
sensing active spirit energy , a net of vines dropped from the ceiling , but were turned to ash before they could be used .
the only reason you are nt ash right now is because up until now you have not killed a single person .
he sat in his throne alone , surrounded by purple fire so hot and dark that none could see him and any fool who chose to bother him would be ash as soon as the dark diamond doors opened so much as a crack .
the campfire was but a mound of orange coals peeking from under a blanket of ash .
its end was charred and glowing , like brilliant red rubies embedded in the white ash that coated the branch .
as he waved it in front of the karcon , small pieces of ash filled the air .
the great beast screamed in pain as his entire hulking frame evaporated into a dark ash cloud that blew away in the cool morning breeze .
we flicked our ash together while they tried to persuade us to come inside , al telling them he d only go in when they sorted the fucking tunes out .
what appeared to be black ash quickly swept away from its body until it was nothing , and the guitar still kept intact after the blow .
rounding the back of the bottom up , helena is already there with a bowl of water , blocks of ash and lye , and a pile of rags .
sorry , miss ash .
carbon ash and crystals , that 's all that is left of the enemy . ''
he picked up a poker and jabbed angrily at the embers , little sparks and pieces of burning ash spraying up in a gruesome fountain .
she smelled the ash and smoke that must have blown on him from the fire he encouraged , and it made her sick to her stomach .
mixing animal fat and charcoal , everyone drew designs on their faces and bodies , using white ash for highlights .
i c'n wait all day for ya tget off duty , udgd says , pushing out breath that smells like burning ash .
the poor man died on a cold night in alabama when the fireplace ash catch on a blanket then burned him into cinders , she exhales .
he pointed it at the planks and shot forth consuming flames , and in less than a minute , he had turned the pile of wood into ash , revealing a set of stairs leading into a basement level of the castle .
die just as your father did ; scorched to a pile of ash .
* * * the cool night air refreshed lily as she worked feverishly to balance and hold open large sacks while valerie , her only remaining family , shoveled the heavy , filthy rock and ash inside .
he knelt beside the large crater and peered below to find a stone statue of kaia covered in ash , lying on its side on the bottom .
when lily found the large pile of smoking wood and ash that used to be edwards familys home , she could nt help but feel sorrow .
he was smoking with his eyes closed , without looking at ash falling down onto his knees , and spoke without looking at the stranger : i will be honest .
he flicked some ash in the vague direction of a trash bin and then contemplated the end of his cigarette , blowing smoke out slowly .
hey ash breath .
she reached for her ashtray and flicked out the ash .
she flicked ash off the end of her cigarette and shook her head , her bun shaking on top of her head .
they are paying good money , and providing housing and everything , ronnie said , flicking ash off his cigarette .
he was drawing figures in the ash , a bad sign of total immersion within himself .
the hue faded to that of ash .
and at such a close distance , kayas power would roast all of us into ash so we had to keep it at a physical contact type of battle .
they were not going to stop until the whole world was covered in ash .
he looked up at everyone as he revealed to us what looked like black ash in a small bag .
he placed the small bag on black ash into his clothes and sighed slowly .
fire began to rise up in the air , consuming what was left of the inn into ash .
it smelled like molted lava and ash as the ground was covered in fragments of meteor rocks .
upon impact , it would engulf everything in sight into burning ash .
all i saw was black ash around me for miles .
the inyanga took ash from a calabash on his belt and poured it into his hand .
the ash clouded the air .
the room was long and low , with a stone fireplace at one end in which a couple of huge logs smoldered , ash spilling out on to the rough , flagstone floor .
his mouth gaped when the glow of ash and fire transformed the clear blue sky into a burnt - orange flame .
then , the flamethrowers spit their accelerant and flame , converting the home and its former occupant into dust and ash .
chancho spit in his hand and rubbed it on his boot , clearing a tiny spot of soot and ash .
he takes a deep drag then flicks the tiny ash to the wind .
for those recently barren rocks and ash covered slopes had so soon returned to a plush , tropical paradise .
i was breathing ash while choking on bile .
the table was the usual jumble of jam jars , ash trays , breadcrumbs and small plastic animals which little sheena was lining up on her plate of half - eaten vegetable moussaka .
the smell of ash was as good as a beacon in the night .
a little line of smoke escaped into the room , and in a few seconds , all that remained was a crispy sheet of ash .
when the great conflagration died down , my protective shell sat unharmed and cradled in a pile of ash , glowing with a faint golden light .
khavi stepped forward , deliberately stepping on the rectangular pile of ash that was our map , twisting and grinding his foot until it was unrecognisable .
imelda pressed her hands into a bowl of fine dust the consistency and color of the ash left over from charcoal briquettes .
basha stepped forward , and everyone watched as he advanced , picked up the wooden sword , most of which had crumbled into ash , and went into position , staring at oaka .
the ancient chronicles testify that the island nation of corrica was destroyed in fire and ash .
they had witnessed the destruction from the water , the plume of smoke and ash rising up into the sky , covering the whole island they had once called home .
she had ash blonde hair that was cut short , frayed at the tips where it once might have curled , and habala could imagine that , in happier times , the other womans hair once was golden .
memba had no choice when he left the island of corrica , destroyed as it was by fire and ash .
adam took a long drag then tapped an ash into a heavy glass ashtray , setting it there to smolder .
its just like the girl we found behind mcguires , dr . mckee said , pulling back the sheet with his right hand , while his left held a cigarette , its ash falling to the stone floor of the morgue .
jonathan tapped an ash into the tray and leaned back as far as his squeaky leather chair allowed .
i saw similar things too , man , richard said , tapping an ash into the communal ashtray .
there is only clothing left and a huge pile of ash both on the ground and in the dumpster .
aldritch then removed the lid , revealing what looked like a dense pile of ash .
the anger grew from the painful memory of that day of blood and ash .
his jacket was little more than tatters and nearly black with soot and ash .
beyond confusion , ipid looked at his captor , hoping that he would explain the joke , but the young man was pounding the ash from the pipe as if his captive no longer existed .
by the time he deemed the fish cooked , his fingers were burnt ; his clothes were coated in fish guts , scales , and soot ; and the fish was covered in ash , burnt in some places , and raw in others .
i think i got more ash than fish , and its barely cooked .
jarets emotions returned , and he watched in horror as legionnaires and imperial guards alike were incinerated by the wall of flame until nothing but ash remained on that side of the room .
when the last of the symbols faded from his mind like an ember as it is enclosed in ash , there was a blinding flash .
there was no fireit was the middle of summerbut master raven stared at the dead ash and cold log as though he expected it to burst into flame any minute .
the paper burned away to ash and the monster reared up again .
the pen turned to black ash but the paper hit the floor of the cave as solidly as a rock .
the ground was barren , the foul trees that rose in towers of ooze and rot seared away into bits of ash that floated with the wind .
his dark blonde hair was filthy , matted with blood and coated with a fine layer of ash , as was her own .
trees just below his feet burst into red ash , and before he could wonder why they were nt flying higher , eagle released a painful shriek tinged with torment .
the membranes between the beasts wing phalanges curl into ash , leaving bones starkly exposed as naked tree limbs .
i stared at the small pile of ash where it was .
all that s left is ash and cement .
the fierce dragon , dreadbiter , slinked below the giant ash tree and fed off of dead mortals that fell his way .
the ash encrusted top flew off and he moved closer as a waft of steam escaped .
and beside it , that same city , broken and rent by a massive fissure in the earth , tumbling into the abyss , the ominous mountain behind spewing fire and ash into the air .
cruz told me that volcanic ash makes very nutrient soil .
she was an everybody person ; whoever wished to enter she welcomed with open arms and either six - foot holes or urns of ash .
nothing grew in this place , for there was only rock and toxic ash and very little water .
she dipped a wooden comb into a pot of grease and ash and scraped it through her tresses , wincing in discomfort .
her scalp was itching with the ash and grease .
her ginger hair was tied back and smeared with grease and ash .
her scalp itched with the grease and ash .
the azaguntan is evila necromancerand all will surely see that , though most of the proof is now ash .
* * * glowing embers greet trak when he stirs the ash of the previous days fire .
when the kiln is opened and the crucible removed from the ash , trak recovers a disappointing ounce of partially smelted metal that is still heavily contaminated by chunks of unchanged rock and slag waste .
digging in the ash , trak knocks out first several lumps of slag and then a porous ball of orange - hot metal .
he shoved another donut down his throat , but it tasted like ash delicious ash , but ash nonetheless .
the taste was there , but it was of ash and blood , the cinders and smoke of rainforests , slashed and burnt for the oil of palm .
he could see the ominous black clouds swirl above , a sure sign the black snow was returning , and it would cover everything in a layer of ash .
the faded image of the frozen faced reaver stared from just beyond the linking walkway , its filthy robes rippling as it stirred , spreading ash when it moved .
hadge stood upright , still black as night from the ash , eerily to be mistaken for the outline of a reaver .
smoke and ash arose upwards , the soot exiting the spires , spires that could be seen for miles , filling the atmosphere with human particles .
hadges hand wiped the layer of ash and blood from the tree roots , as the eerie tale of the boogeyman played in his head , he grew from a root , angry and wronged , the penance for death , is an innocence song .
the waft from her wings shifted enough of the ash from the hearth , revealing the blackened rock beneath , announcing , here .
even so the entire area was covered in ash .
though , day by day , as they toiled at useless work beneath the ash cloud from the ovens , that hoped waned .
the giant serpents turned to smoking ash .
interlude : mason mason iris walked over a field of ash , his black cloak sweeping the dust behind him .
despite the blood and ash and pain and anguish , her smile lit his soul .
the shame that twisted his gut and turned the food into ash in his mouth , even as he continued to shovel it in with his hands .
prepare for an ash kicking of epic proportions .
the hot cloud of dust and ash covered the whole scene .
a small bit of ash formed where my blood touched his hand .
it smacked into stevenson 's forehead , ash flying everywhere .
bits of ash fell into my open wound .
it stood there for several long seconds , the black ribbon fluttering against the ebony of the woman 's face and then very gradually at first , before becoming increasingly rapid , the form started to crumble and fall away , collapsing into a pile of ash .
the old woman 's gaze strayed to the pile of ash that had once been her daughter and she strangled a sob .
timber groaned and spat black ash .
all about her was smoke and ash and destruction .
the curtained entrance gave him admittance to the further - most end of the room where the witch sat at a small stone table on which a somewhat broad but flat , heavy brass vase of ash was burning .
he raises up the poor out of the dust and lifts up the needy from the ash heap , to make them sit with nobles and inherit the throne of glory .
that the dream of messiah was , at last , falling into pieces as the ash of a leaf finally crumbles away into the lapping flames of fire .
i ... my voice was ash .
i could almost smell the burning , taste the ash that should have been in the air .
little pieces of ash began to rain down around me like a falling snow and my hands were numb , along with my nose , followed by the rest of me .
there , the mercenaries watched their brothers in arms burn , and an , ponal and runth watched their friend inny become ash .
the gentle breeze carried the burning ash and dark smoke over the surrounding trees away from the thick forest .
the whole world was nothing but darkened ash as far as the eye could see .
he finally passed out , and when he once again awoke he was lying on the cold , ash covered ground of the haedarak .
the robe was bright white , but would soon be blackened with ash and filth , and then most likely soiled with blood .
the floor was coated with a thick layer of ash .
the ash was blown from the ground , and blacked the air .
altian backed against the wall and watched as the ash spun into a huge cloud , and then formed into a tall featureless mass on the other side of the chamber .
the wind picked up in an instant , and the cloud of black ash swarmed around him .
only it no longer seemed to be ash .
nothing to look at but the endless plains of black ash .
i am so sick of ash !
it was during this search that one of the men discovered tacitus , bloody and dirty , partially hidden by the ash pile , which had blown across his body .
but just as the emperors ship landed upon icanthia a large volcano erupted on the other side of the island , spewing ash and lava everywhere .
a large arch of fire followed the end of his staff , turning more of the creatures into ash .
within moments , their bodies became ash and were swept away with the wind as well .
heaps of rotten corpses and black ash from the shadow men littered the forest floor .
sorry , ash .
i sat down in front of her and let ash work her magic .
if i swung that way , i d totally snatch ash up for my own .
it was the same feeling i d always gotten around ash .
ha ha ha , i swear ash , sometimes i do nt know where you get this shit .
you re horrible , ash , and i need to stay clear of those two .
we were making a spectacle of ourselves , especially when as ash started rolling her head , and flinging those wonderful read curls everywhere .
what they did nt know was this was just playful dancing for ash and i .
i tried to ignore it , and snatched ash up , and pulled her into a mock tango position .
no , you re good , ash .
evan sat down on the opposite corner of the couch ash had just took up residence on , and he pulled me down into his lap .
ugghh , ash !
we need to get going since were walking there , ash .
you re too much , ash !
he s amazing , ash .
i could nt exactly confront him with ash in his arms .
i know asis with her , but i m still worried about ash .
i do nt know , ash .
a text came in on my phone from ash .
i could see ash struggling with wanting to come to comfort me , and wanting to give me space .
no offense ash , but can we get this over with .
i was kind of left out of the equation today , ash .
i m conflicted , ash .
asi and ash had gone to her apartment to get a few things for our stay at ashleys familys house , so they had nt arrived with us .
no , ash .
it ll be okay , ash .
lay it on me , ash .
his back was stiff , his blankets thin and threadbare , and the firewhich only last night had seemed welcoming and jovialhad turned to dull grey ash in a cold stone pit .
wisps of ash betrothed to fire , ghosts float past in gay attire , chaos reigns in firm desire around the open door .
she dropped an ash on the floor .
mose snorted a laugh and flicked the ash off the cigar .
all that was left of his body were small mounds of ash sticking out of his shirt and jeans .
out fell a sock , followed by a stream of ash .
short version is : we found ash remains on the seat and floor of the cab . ''
` ` ash remains , huh ?
the ash is pretty clean , carbon , calcium , probably bone .
johnny looked up at him and nodded while flicking the ash off the cigarette .
she propped her chin on one hand and flicked ash off the cigarette with the other .
slowly lucas dashed his cigarette in the ash tray with firm deliberate jabs .
it was composed of ash .
the smoke , the fire , and the ash in the air after she had landed could only mean one thing .
i did nt believe it when dyston said he found you in the ash .
after showering and washing away the black ash that seemed to cling to every crevice of her body with the vanilla body scrub that dyston had obviously left for her , scarlett dressed in the clothes that emer had laid out .
once possessed , nephilim needed to burn to return to ash .
minerva stared at the fire while black soot and ash shook loose from the hole above and fell onto the flames .
our vanities would tell us otherwise , but the truth is , one day even we shall fall into ash and dust and memory , remembered only by a few words scribed in a dusty tome .
but worry not children of brynmor for when the ash has settled and grown cold and the right wind stirs , the fire - bird will rise once more and scorch the sky .
tremain surveyed the ash and ruin of the village .
they even constructed a bin for ash and a large container for coal ; brody ordered a few hundred pounds of it to get simon started .
when they came to the spot where it was , all she saw was three darkened spears resting on strewn ash .
also unlike the other , the second nymph tracker collapsed into dusty ash .
her leather armor , scored and punctured , was filthy from black ash .
she arched her back in pain as her flesh was fried from within and she became ash so quickly that her skeleton was left burning with outstretched wings .
osiris would be angry and another war would come from the ruler of the underworlds final attempt to maintain power , but the templar ignored the future and the chill of the snow as he watched the swirling ash of the dragon dancing in the sun .
just as the swarm threatened to engulf her , she covered herself in a thick blaze of blue flames , turning their charge into a storm of ash and fire .
by the time the mob learned its lesson and reversed direction , she was knee deep in a pile of ash .
all that he had ever known was soon to be ash .
he took another step the throng of undead surged toward him , diving at his halo only to collapse as a pile of ash .
brontes they fell out of the rift into an ocean of black ash .
a grey cliff arose in the distance a pile of sulfur and ash , the recent deposit of some cataclysmic volcanic eruption .
it was well over one hundred feet high , but was loosely cemented and constantly crumbling ; large chunks of solid magma were mixed in with the volcanic afterbirth and tumbled free , splashing to the earth and sending waves of ash to crash against the magis blue shields .
he took in the ash covered world around him with his one good eye .
brontes looked to the horizon , there should have been a sun or stars up in the sky , but even with his eye of mage - fire he could only see ash .
the sky was pure black a cloud of ash five hundred feet thick enveloped the entire world .
the cliff of collapsing ash vented its own clouds of sulfuric gas .
their burning halos flowed together , turning ash into oxygen and clearing an area a mile wide .
as though the world around him was full of sunshine and rainbows , and not ash and fire , adros calmly strode over to brontes , his slender fingers reaching out to clasp his hand .
in general , the giants were an incredibly hardy people , a fact made evident as they lumbered out of the rift and refused the magis offer of protection , sucking in a vigorous breath of the planets acidic and ash filled air instead .
even after you have become ash and bone , i will stand against the makii .
mjllner turned their bodies into ash and dust .
his sweat turned to steam under the layer of hot ash .
he saw more of the strange , ball - shaped dead ones and clubbed them into the crowd in a spray of ash .
he burst into the hangar covered in steaming ash .
shawna looked aghast at the tiny pile of ash .
a spider scurried towards the vibrations in its large web , then turned to ash when the threads glowed electric blue .
her bones shattered , turned to dust , a last howl echoing long after she became a swirling cloud of ash .
their skeletons glowed beneath their rotten hides a moment before they dissolved into smoky ash .
lorna screamed with triumphant joy that quickly morphed into absolute terror as all the sapphires burst into pure light , disintegrating lornas whole hand into ash .
lornas screams flashed out of existence in a flurry of bone and ash as the sapphires flared to life .
the boy - monster screeched , held up its bony hands , and burst into ash .
she thought they would all follow lornas demise , reduced to scraps of paper - thin ash .
she burst into ash and evaporated into the drizzling mist .
the light from the archway was so brilliant she thought she would also burst into ash before she could reach it .
the muscle and skeleton of the moloch disintegrated , rotted away , then burst into ash .
the cloud of ash swirled to reform a human skeleton , then the muscle , sinew , skin , hair , and even avas clothing re - materialized .
the old woman stood stunned , her wrinkles quivering , and she looked about ready to turn lula into a pile of ash .
they had come across the remains of a large fire , still smoking , with glowing embers beneath the ash .
the frog shook ever more quickly until , all throughout its form , fine cracks began to appear , growing like tiny snakes , and all at once the faade came down in a thousand pieces that blew away into the air like ash .
hart tapped ash from her cigarette and drew in a another lungful of smoke .
it began to chew along the ash length of the spear , impaling itself more with every convulsion but also coming closer to the man at the other end .
in either case , stones and hot ash fell like rain in greece , in anatolia , even as far as egypt .
both wore leather overvests upon bare chests , with runes of protection , luck , and power inked on their visible skin with ash .
he crumpled it up and threw it into the fire , watching the ends burn and curl until it was nothing more than ash .
with a jug of water , he extinguished the flames and watched his brothers pained face disappear in a hiss of smoke and wet ash .
the fire was just a smouldering pile of ash .
the soldiers at the gate were all looking to the sky , to the whorl of burning ash .
ava streaked into the sky and rained ash down to the rock below , turning it black .
chapter 4 the southern plains nova rested her head on ash as he panted under the sun .
resting on ash , the loose pieces were scattered over him and on the ground .
nova was seven when bale gave ash to her .
after the fighting ended , ash was too worn and old for him to use anymore .
if i ca nt keep you away from ash to bring you along with us , then at least i can teach you to prepare the meat and the hide .
nova rested on a sleeping ash next to her father and wandered in her own thoughts .
she looked at ash sleeping at her feet .
not seeing ash , she stood up just outside and tightened the furs around her again .
nova wished to call out for ash , but did nt want to wake anyone .
she swept over ash and touched him behind his ears , but he would not stop growling .
when she looked back to ash , she saw the darkness move .
drawing a breath , she slowly climbed onto him and tried to silently direct ash back to the circle of tents .
pale white eyes shone back at them as it raised its head and spear at ash .
nova looked embarrassed at the overstuffed bag of books strung across ash .
looking down again , she focused more on the uneven ground to make sure ash did nt stumble .
* * * nova and ash were surrounded by the noise of crowds waiting at the entrance to high forest .
as they went through the crowds , the ryder in front of her gave ash a guide rope to hold onto between his teeth .
under nova and ash was a sea of hats , hustling this way and that , and making room for the large volts to enter the forest gate .
as long as you are with ash , stath said , reaching over to scratch him behind his ear , you will be safe .
he headed into ash , hit the rope he was holding and landed roughly underneath his nose .
he led ash through the crowds and towards the brush on the side of the trail .
he was still trailing close behind them and was trying hard not to get stepped on by ash , or struck with any flying broken branches .
a little dust cloud puffed from his fall and ash started to snort and sniff over fredrick , still holding one of his arms in his giant mouth .
she thought they were even sillier to be afraid of someone as gentle as ash .
keeping a hand on ash , she moved towards them , walked behind fredrick , knelt down and carefully tied the loose arms of his costume together to bring them off the ground .
she bounced between them and the sniffing ash .
fredrick stopped dusting himself off after miraculously getting every piece of dirt off his costume without looking away from ash .
fredrick was not pleased and wondered which piece of his costume ash was going to grab a hold of .
nova did nt say anything and leaned into ash .
chapter 6 the play with a sharp and sudden whistle , a flock of fees tumbled over marmel and nova as they rode on top of ash .
as they moved through the crowd , nova was able to see more of the festival than most , from high atop ash .
the crowds flowed and began to bump and shift into ash .
one after the other they found each other , lit their sparklers , and the sharp crackling of their flames closed on ash .
we d better move out of here before ash bites someone , nova said , turning back to marmel .
he was struggling to get through the tight spaces of the crowds and still keep a good distance from ash .
seeing ash over him with such rage , fredrick turned and ran .
the crowds parted and fell over each other as he was followed by the thumps and huffing growls of ash .
fredrick could hear the snapping of the brush from ash and the yelps of his friends to know they were close behind .
nova and marmel still clung close to a now slightly less enraged ash .
he and most of the rest of the lys stopped and looked at nova and ash and her two peculiar looking companions .
they were too far to hear , but the old redro was pointing at ash as he spoke .
from in the camp , a large man from novas group heaved a clump of chains on the ground in front of ash .
bale reached down to show the redro that ash was was nt going anywhere .
they could see nova drape over ash again as her father leaned over her .
they looked at nova , face down on ash .
the bag that had lain across ash had been taken off and heaped down behind him .
marmel paused after looking at ash , you probably do nt want to come back with us to the festival .
as she looked up from ash to see it , marmel tucked it back into the pouch and inside of his costume .
when nova saw them disappear across the glen , she looked over at some of her books that were lying behind ash .
nova still lay on ash as he was sleeping with his head tucked under one of his paws .
nova looked at them with a slight smile as she leaned forward from ash .
i got some things for ash , fredrick said , getting up again to grab his bag to move over to the sleeping volt .
she paused for a moment beside ash and then felt the pull of the boys .
nova leaned forward and carefully grabbed the plate as ash playfully let out a snarl .
nova could hear him unwrapping something and then ash moving with thumping paws and the drawl of his chains .
the package hit the ground and ash happily chewed and slopped on what was inside .
nova smiled and ash perked up hearing the bird fly by .
her name is cai , marmel said , looking at the bird make another dive in front of ash .
with another chirp , cai again passed by ash .
nova looked down and saw that ash had cupped his giant paws on the ground .
marmel stood in shock with cai pinned by ash .
turning back , marmel looked hesitantly as ash put his nose further in the ground .
novas stomach swung as she saw ash tighten the chains again and sniff the air for her .
he could nt be heard over ash and the sound of the strain he was putting on his chains .
as marmel picked a few more black berries from the bush , he explained to oreole about ash , the boy with the blue sparkler and trapping his bird on the ground .
he wondered where fredrick , nova and ash were right now and hoped they were somewhere safe .
a bright flash and two loud bangs sent silver pellets flying into the air piercing through wolves and turning them into a fiery ash .
a few more howls and bright flashes , and then there were only piles of fiery ash around us .
several wolves that jumped up to attack us and were turned into fiery ash as they touched the light emanating from the pentagram .
the lycanthropes on the other side were shredded into pieces and turned into burning ash so quick , they barely had a chance to yelp .
the magic saws swirled in circles above the ash piles , and with nothing nearby to chop up , they flickered and disappeared .
when i looked out from the smashed window , i saw moon turn into a cloud of ash as he hit the parking lot .
a few lycanthropes crossed paths with the silver streaks of light and were cut into halves that burst into fiery ash .
by the time she landed on the ground , more than 10 fur ball were burning piles of ash .
never so terrible a tale there was ; how the hills began to howl a grin was on the verdant slopes , yet on the sky a scowl the scowling sky , it grimaced low , and scoured the hills with rain , yet rambling rills did swiftly flow , and made them dry again ever a frown was borne aloft , on gunmetal clouds of grey , a fleet diffuse and lightning quick , lit up the night like day bright day was ever turned to night ; dread elements in array , dressed in clouds of thund'rous smoke , spun fast like potters clay the whirlwinds ate into the earth , and threw sharp thunder down , but the hills were made of granite strong , deep roots in iron ground hail fell thick upon the hills ; the meadows ached with ice ' til sunlight 's fire came to their aid , to ward off winter 's vice the sky thought dark and low , its brow creased in vales of cloud ; it thought of a creature swift and sly , as strong as it was proud the sky made red the mottled moon , the twilight turned to blood ; out from dust was born mankind , the evil and the good the evil cursed up to the sky , the good a prayer proclaimed , with different words they told in verse , one thing and the same the thought from them was borne aloft , so simple and so plain ; that high evil thinks it 's good and good takes evil 's name there began a bitter war of words , a war of heart and mind ; and where a heart could only lose , crosshairs could surely find to plant a cross takes fertile land , ploughed deep with blood and lime to make a wreath takes craftsmanship , a bomb the production line quick it was , for the hills to howl , a firebrand cloud and flash ; five thousand years of artifice laid low in a bed of ash so drear it was , the howling trill , the poison rains that choked the rill , roots , pigeons , rats and all that 's ill , were all that lived , alone to grieve nothing remained , save mada and eve nothing could grow , nothing could breathe so think of wind when you eat your sprouts , and hail unto the wasteland 's shouts an empty slate , a piece of chalk an ever longer road to walk a crater fount , a town forlorn , built upon this frazzled gorse , a cliff from fossil ages torn speaks one fossil word : remorse ` ` that was the condensed version , '' said indole .
not far from that lay another pile of ash , but much larger and there lay a foot , still wearing its boot .
embers and ash rained down everywhere , making red glowing eyes in the sand .
he screamed in pain until he was ash and smoke .
i watched them burn to ash and smoke , he muttered .
the creature hooted into the night and crumpled into a pile of ash .
stab wounds appeared around his body peppered with ash from the culprits .
the bank of the river was already covered in black ash .
the ash of several hellospikes flew in every direction .
the ground was black from the ash remains of wood and leaves .
the air within the charred forest was stale and smelt of ash .
it dropped them on the black , ash - ridden ground of the black forest .
then , she bent to the ground , picked up ash and sprinkled it into the air .
winds came from everywhere , causing the falling ash particles to whirl in a vortex and smolder brightly .
the rumble and sound cuts through the sky , and in their tracks people become ash as their shadows are fused to the sides of their houses .
a great cloud of ash from the hearth billowed outward , momentarily obscuring doso .
but just as they were shifting and settling and aching to sleep , raddia felt something sharp poke her back and sitting up she saw a white thing protruding from the ash , and extracting it she realized with horror that it was a long flat bone , not unlike the ones in her own forearm .
it was gallan who first spotted an unfamiliar spear - like thing protruding from the ashes and pulling it out he unearthed a kind of goat with great sharp horns , which turned out to be just one of a flock that had been buried under the ash and thus remained perfectly intact .
the last smoldering logs were breaking off into chunks of white ash by the time his story reached the present , and the heroes neither looked nor felt particularly heroic , for they were all in the process of falling gently , imperceptibly asleep .
she looked at her hand a moment , and then closing her fingers in a fist , she hastily pulled it back and grabbed her own cigarette out of the ash tray .
boiling ash flailed about and stabbed his eyes , and the sights of burning ruins and fallen men scorched his soul .
herrdon was not looking at the sky this time , but back across the hills to the smouldering ruin of larksong , where burned a great pyre of ash and smoke and seared souls , all hailed and worshipped by the ravenous mob about it .
to one side of this clearing lay a small swamp , dull and murky , and there , sitting upon a large fallen trunk , was a woman clad in robes of blue with yellow lining , and a large ash bow strapped across her back .
and there was crisp soil , blackened like the ash on a funeral pyre .
but he was of fire , so he did not burn into ash , but arose like a phoenix , dripping embers .
this was not a place of ash and char and brimstone .
he swallowed hard , which was like consuming ash .
he first saw long grey shafts of sunlight beaming through falling clouds of ash .
the ash slowly drifted past the cocoon and down to pool into a great body of water far below .
through the ash fredrick saw many crawling legs churn around the chasm .
now avel told her ash had broken free from his chains and no one knew where he was .
when she rode on ash , there was only silence between them as she sat behind his ears .
nova looked to see the tree ash had been tied to .
where s ash ?
he was fully - grown , muscled and still had a playfulness in its eyes that she did nt often see in ash .
now lets go find ash , he said , looking down at her with the coldness she was used to .
chapter 14 ash in chains nova sat in front of the campfire and watched the cinder float into the night sky .
nova and her father had spent the day looking for ash .
you do nt know ash like i do , her father replied to the question she could nt ask .
she always heard that ash was the fiercest and most powerful volt in the clan .
leaving the fields and down into the forest again , there was still no sign of ash .
if ash is in there , well find him .
as they climbed , she looked down at the bog for ash .
he smashed the spear holding them to the rock as ash growled and pulled huge stones from the ground .
stath rumbled past and ash grunted and picked up his trail .
stath quickly turned and started back across the plateau with nova moving ash to follow .
she could nt drift away from ash .
and ash needs to rest , he said as he slid off with a strain to land on his feet .
for a while nova leaned over ash and listened , but she could nt hear any more of the ghastly howls through the breeze .
i need to find some water for ash and maybe something to cut these chains .
her father stood holding the length with ash coming off his front paws .
there ash !
nova looked a saw him and ash rumble away with a pack of the consumed close behind .
suddenly nova heard a yelp and she screamed for her father and ash .
she saw it ran down to also cut mortally into ash .
she leaned and her father reached to hold on , gripping to the side as ash struggled to stand .
she heard cover say something before there was a rattle of the chains and ash started to limp forward .
his weight shifted as his muscles relaxed , but he was still able to cling to the side of ash .
under its stare , nova leaned back into ash as the boughs of the trees groaned and snapped above her .
nova looked down for ash and her father .
as the ancient they rode picked up speed to follow , nova looked back helplessly at her father and ash still lying in the grass .
they glowed red beneath a dusting of ash that layered onto the branches and down over the ground .
marmel recalled ash chasing him and fredrick through the trees and then riding on his back with nova .
through the haze in the air , and the drifting ash , clusters of stars glimmered to light the forest around him .
it pawed at the branches and then moved back , huffing through its long teeth to scatter some of the ash on the ground .
remain here , and you will suffer the same fate as the blacksmith tam , and his wife , who thanks to their treachery are now no more than piles of ash after last night .
a trail of ash and soot showed the path the chaos had taken before kota prevailed against the surprisingly vicious squirrels .
no sun , no ash , which is more than i can say for you .
he corralled the ash and soot up and sighed when he saw the streaks left behind .
i shouted as loud as i could without getting ash in my lungs .
i could feel my lungs fill up with ash and my struggle to breaths increased ; at one point i had to carry dylan to prevent his small little lungs from giving out .
then the skin began to peel off him and burn up into wisps of ash , blanketing the forest floor about him .
the revenant 's body began absorbing again , and the last of his bark - skin dissipated in a flicker of ash : replaced by a layer of dark soil , which was speckled with grass .
we must be rid of this place , mathias said wearily , his ash and blood covered body leaning against one of the moss - covered boulders .
the sick trophy was also now nothing more than a skull covered in ash , which the undead creature hurled at him before following through with a swing from his broad bladed axe .
all the revenant bodies laying in their death poses suddenly lit up in flames and dissolved into brittle piles of bone and ash .
then the man exploded into spray of ash , leaving a pile of bones behind .
two lifeless bodies dropped to the ground in burning trails of black ash .
arthur screwed up his face in disgust and swung his mace again , this time smashing the undead 's doom stone shard and head to smithereens in a blast of black ash .
ash and black bones fell through the coil of wood and crashed to the floor .
after a brief struggle , the revenant 's touch turned the atlantean into ash .
he walked over to the ash pile on the floor , and picked out the checker piece .
he sat in one of the chairs and stared at the pile of ash on the floor .
it did n't seem to be enough ash to be the table 's remains .
all the flowers were gone now , their stalks twisted ash and their petals merely a memory .
she was directing orbs of fire towards any place that had since been smothered into smoke and ash .
in one moments lashing , lyric was thrown into the pit of fire and ash , landing hard upon his back .
edan then moving up through the clouds of smoke and ash filled air in excruciating ache .
all else , however , had been reduced to nothing more than ash and soot .
tatiana wanted to fall in a heap of ash and salted tears , but she could not .
we smell only the heat and smoke , taste only burning ash .
he scrutinized as each black biscuit edged into redness with its grey ash verge creeping along behind .
and he flung down shafts of sunlight to burn up the babies and make clean ash of them .
the servants of ah - puch are incinerated where they stand , spirits and wicked men alike are turned to pillars of ash that blow away in the winds .
everywhere there were little piles of ash in the shape of broken men .
only when the nourishment has burned to ash do the humble people show their faces and mutter : ` ` we are the givers of sustenance . ''
there was no ash on them , no charcoal was in them though they had melted in flames and lay in char .
the jungle was very green , my eyes filled with river - tree green , and bones , and ash .
i should go i said as i took the keys from the crystal ash tray on the table .
sweeping up a portion of the ashes , ella dumped the contents into an ash bucket , causing a thin plume of soot to rise and settle on her dress , further obscuring the faded blue color .
stretching catlike , ella stood and sauntered to a nearby pile of ash .
the viridian flames decimated the body , leaving little more than ash that drifted down to the ground .
startled i watched as the flames burned a bright blue and then died out , leaving not ash , but the unscathed tome !
they just got back , and apparently the towns a smoldering heap of bodies and ash .
abraham and murien drew their swords and watched as the dead rose from the ash .
the colt frisked excitedly , very well , friend , let us away , but first i must find somewhere to drink and bathe , i should shine like fresh snow not be as drab as wet ash .
zachariel nodded , ` ` alright , i 'll ... '' suddenly , a swarm of small , fire - looking things jumped on zachariel and began to attack him , but he flung them off and smashed them against a wall , where they disintegrated into ash .
i rushed forward and punched her in the face ; a chunk of her jaw dissipated in a cloud of fiery gray ash .
it moved slowly in a spiral column of soot and ash , as if it were bound by his own personal field of gravity , wrapped in aura of dark power .
he had pale skin , with blood red eyesand there was a cloud of ash and smoke encircling himthen he passed out .
it turned to ash and the one she left on the outside also turned to ash .
the fallen began to hate mankind , who became their enemies through the haze of flame and ash .
below is hell , a realm of perpetual fire and ash .
she took the soap she had made herselffrom ash , olive oil , wild thyme and crushed lavenderin her other hand and rubbed it into the sponge .
the stone needed to be found and destroyed before it could damn another soul to an eternity of flame and ash .
her soul now damned to wander in sulfur and ash and fire .
it was something that the town wanted to reduce to ash , but because it was mostly metal , there it sat , a pile of obsolescence , obdurate and glittering .
there was even a rock - ring circling wood ash and scorch marks , the remnants of fires from previous travelers .
he tapped his cigarette on the lip of the ash tray and walked back over to where jaysynn sat .
a man splintered into blackened ash before something solid struck gabriel in the face .
the ashes mixed with her moist skin to leave sooty streaks across her tan face , but she wore a black coat that hid some of the ash .
cover art by : http : //thepockyfox.deviantart.com/ ? rnrd=118588 table of contents prologue ch 1 revenge ch 2 stolen ch 3 treason ch 4 from bad to worse ch 5 old friends ch 6 dark deeds ch 7 a high cost ch 8 order restored ch 9 dark emissary ch 10 hidden dangers ch 11 ruby red wine ch 12 instruction ch 13 sanctuary ch 14 eastgate ch 15 hard lessons ch 16 swamp fever ch 17 saved by the devil ch 18 briefing ch 19 ash ch 20 ransom ch 21 the smell of death ch 22 bal - karesh ch 23 making a stand ch 24 password ch 25 lost memories ch 26 divide and conquer ch 27 a delightful diversion prologue amberlay stopped the horse and stared back at the mountains .
as the ash finally settled there came an eerie silence .
well make for ash .
brok lobbed some dead - wood onto the fire and turned to brinn , from the signs , it looks like they re heading towards ash alright , that s good .
it was with great relief that they finally found the raised dirt road that lead toward the town of ash .
they were still many miles from ash .
could nt see meself in one of dem towns like ash or briar .
as early morning sun peeked over the far off horizon , they said their good - byes and set off for ash .
we was bringin her back to ash .
the mangrove was the best , by ash standards at least .
why , its ash , malady , treena looked surprised at megan 's lack of knowledge .
ransom they reached ash after a daylong trek in sweltering heat .
grik looked back and forth from karem to alsheer , oh , you re talkin bout them two hundred cavalrymen of yours camped outside the town , grik fixed alsheer with an resolute stare , you see , m'lord , its ash counsel policy to watch all newcomers to the town environs .
we ve wasted enough time already , growled brok turning his horse back onto the trail towards ash .
so all roads lead to ash it seems , smiled balzimar , while puffing on his pipe .
as the girls finally left ash , it was aboard a caged slave wagon .
i m not even sure if they 're still in ash .
password it was late evening , balzimar was standing close to his mule on the dirt road that lead to the main entry gate of ash .
if it was possible for ash to have a poorer quarter then they seemed to be heading into it .
her last memory was of laying on the bed just after karem had left her room back in ash .
by midday the weather was getting worse , as brinn and the others passed ash , the town looked deserted .
brinn recognised the rough features of the drunken dwarf , he 'd saved in ash .
you d have heard it if you d stuck around a little longer back in ash , he grinned .
not quite as large as ash , briar looked to have had a similar architect .
they see the well - chosen five emerge from the other prefecture and flame into color , the young mans gray polo - shirt into sunny yellow , his gray - jeans into blue - jeans , the short - haired girls mini - skirt from ash - gray into fiery red , a miraculous reversion of process , ashes back to flame .
on the ground , panting , heaving , coated by soot and ash , still she claws at the sand .
its a step away from reality , into shadow and dust and ash and mist .
also by john urbancik novels sins of blood and stone breath of the moon once upon a time in midnight darkwalker novellas a game of colors the rise and fall of babylon ( with brian keene ) wings of the butterfly house of shadow and ash necropolis quicksilver beneath midnight zombies vs. aliens vs. robots vs. cowboys vs. ninja vs. investment bankers vs. green berets colette and the tiger collections shadows , legends & secrets sound and vision tales of the fantastic and the phantasmagoric ( volumes 1 and 2 ) inkstains epic unearthed thomas turner copyright 2014 thomas turner license notes : thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
kelsen 's once finely groomed red hair was now a mix of fire and ash .
the picture that came to his mind was that of a rose turned to ash .
kalen passed the remnants of makeshift weapons that had been discarded amongst the ash as the ineffective resistance had been annihilated .
it was the very embodiment of overkill , what remained of fang was little more than ash and a few barely recognizable bones .
debris and ash rained down upon her from the sky .
the ash ward must be protected if the barrier is to be renewed , lest the world fall to darkness eternal .
the ash ward ?
elucia looked surprised , the ward of the flame and ash , she shook her head looking confused .
you told elucia some flighty yarn about an ash ward .
when nights shadow had finally descended , the gypsies prepared a celebratory banquet for the ash ward and his companions .
that you are the keeper of the ash , the witch shook her head , waiting for the words to strike a chord with jenna .
keeper of the ash , spark and flameis that supposed to mean something to me ?
the warriors body disintegrated on the ground , becoming nothing but a pile of gray ash .
the weapon and its sheath lay beside the ash .
rising , kahira moved to the pile of ash .
her body disintegrated on the ground , becoming nothing but a small pile of gray ash .
the warriors body would fall to the ground and explode , leaving a pile of gray ash in its place .
awyn blinked away the spots in her eyes and saw a thin layer of ash on the dais .
klas knelt and put a hand on the cold , wet ash .
becka paled to white ash .
a moment later it curled into smoke as ash drifted to the floor .
he would then bury those loaded crucibles in the ash pit .
she managed to get a smear or two of ash and dirt on her face and in her hair as she worked .
then in the blink of an eye , he turned to ash , burning as if he were taken by the very fires of the underworld .
he turned into ash ?
she smelled salt and hot ash , burning wood and a richness like oil or butter .
echo did nt wish anything bad on dj or his buddy , but her own bitterness was like ash in her mouth .
the scent of campfires sleek gray wolf reminded dj of how people described his own : burning wood , charcoal , and ash .
rotting flesh turned to ash can not discover a cure for a virus intent on making us extinct .
it was raging now , painting the sandy beach behind their cabin with a carpet of glowing ash and cinder .
` ` a gentleman came into the shop and purchased two ash black candles . ''
rock ash was actually neither of the things its name implied .
while the hornroot gave off no particular steam or smoke , thin wisps crawled from the flask of rock ash , wriggling into the open air like shadowy tendrils .
the mountains separating daltain and gandarst were sure to be rife with rock ash , iron ivy , and silvercloak .
frank sprawls on the floor ignoring jack ... sucks a long ash ; his face reddens .
its usually about some bird made of fire that burns up into a pile of ash and then is reborn again from the ashes .
if you find a pile of ash , a single tear of genuine sadness will turn it into a feather , my reflection says back to me .
all i know is , i could nt have performed this way while i carried ash and khan , that s for sure .
mmm , he grumbled , licking his full lips , the last time you and i made a deal , we broke coven law and brought ash and khan into the world !
what if she does nt come back ash ?
khan agreed minimally , and began following ash toward the kitchen .
he d seen ash and khan come in many times to receive their tutelage .
lina was covered in ash and soot and blood .
the caught the rules chapter one the changes sleeping ugly the barking detective agency the healing the lost fairy tale a horse for a kingdom charity the most beautiful things ( now includes the last train ) the dream swallowers nyx ; granddaughter of the night jonah and the alligator glastonbury sirens dr jekylls maid the 500 - year circus the desire : class of 666 p the endless game dorian a wyrd girl the wicker slippers heartache high ( vol i ) heartache high : the primer ( vol ii ) heartache high : the wakening ( vol iii ) miss terry charm , merry kris mouse & the silver egg the last angel seecrets the cull dragonsapien the boy in white linen porcelain princess freaking freak the unseen # 1 , shadow brokers a kingdoms of ash novel by gregory blackman published by gregory blackman at smashwords copyright 2015 gregory blackman all right reserved .
gregory and mango watched the flames for sometime , dark with ash , sweating and dirty , but with a roaring and soaring feeling in their hearts that almost made them giddy .
the shrivelled form was nearly unrecognisable , and at his mere breath , crumbled like ash .
if i wanted you dead , you 'd be on the ash pyre by now . ''
he squinted and choked on ash , but then mercifully the wind shifted again .
kors complexion had turned grey as ash .
they passed through an area covered with ash and charcoal .
a warrior examined it and gave a nod to tsevye , who made a gesture , whereupon the little dome disappeared , leaving only the chain and a pile of ash .
when the light died away , there was no one in the cell , only a little pile of ash .
people are polite and cheerful on the outside , but ill bet that lots of them are broken glass and caustic ash on the inside .
broken glass and caustic ash , thought yuligo , yes , that about describes it .
those within a horizon of the lake attempted to flee , but were struck down by flaming rocks , seared by superheated steam , asphyxiated by poisonous gases , and finally buried under lava and ash .
his skin was as black as ash .
he dumped the councilors bodies over the banister as he walked by them , the blackened bones disintegrating as they hit the white floor , leaving piles of ash .
the feeling dissipated , but when the wolf looked around , a shadow had settled on the camp like a dark blanket of ash .
she darted over to the en suite , but soon realized she was trailing mud and ash with every step of her dirty shoes .
snarled another grim looking man covered in ash .
disgusting , snarled the man covered in ash , even for a demon .
your kind have never been any more then nuisance , challenged the man in ash .
the man covered in ash simply nodded in reply , his face no longer angry be stern .
i will take the road tonight and see what i can learn of camp to the east , i will report back by day break , said the man covered in ash .
i do nt care , if that is what you wish , said the ash covered man , but the council must still be consulted on all matters .
sophia helped me up the stairs , only now noticing that rhea was leaving a trail of ash behind her .
before it could make any noise , rhea threw out her hand and black ash scattered into the air .
rheas bright light engulfed us , turning the leaches into ash one by one .
rhea walked towards the darkness and stood there for a few minutes before waving her hand sending black ash up into the wind .
rhea said as the ash flowed behind her .
it traveled away from the orb , making its way to each of the leaches , blackening their skin before finally , turning them into ash on the spot .
she finally waved her hand and the leach horde exploded into black ash , leaving barbus to fend for himself .
` ` i wo n't tell you what i ' m carrying , but cold steel , iron , four - leaf clover , st.-john's - wort , rowan , and ash - either the wood or the berries - have been known to work .
holly would be the one who might lose control and hurt me by accident , but it was ash who would hurt me on purpose .
i looked at ash , who was deeper into the room , farther from the mirror .
but for a few chance genes he would have been like holly and ash , tall and sidhe beautiful with the extra strength and stamia of the goblins .
i did n't understand why ` ` servicing '' holly and ash did n't bother him , but rhys did .
` ` i want to apologize that i ever thought you were like holly and ash and the rest . ''
` ` why would you volunteer to be with merry tonight with ash and holly ? ''
kurag , the goblin king , had felt that if he sent ash and holly without guards to us and something happened to them , it would be seen as a plot between him and me to rid himself of the brothers .
the red caps had followed him , not ash and holly .
if i could have figured out a way to ask that would n't have insulted them , ash and holly , or even their king , i would have asked .
but it was popularly true , and to say otherwise would bring into question ash and holly 's lack of enthusiasm .
the goblins , even ash and holly , were still frozen out of time with us .
galen held me , closer now , but it was n't for fear of ash .
` ` but heed me on this , merry , sidhe or no , princess or no , you should fear holly and ash . ''
for holly and ash to have earned such a fearsome reputation among the goblins spoke of terrible violence against a people who thrived on it .
` ` i do n't like that holly and ash feel they can dictate to you , kitto .
he whirled and snarled something in a savage tone , and the chair and table on one side of the room did more than burst into flame - there was a howling sound , a flash of light and heat , and the charred embers of the wooden furnishing flew throughout the room , rattling from the walls , leaving a fine haze of ash in the air .
they tumbled and fell to their deaths in a drunken spiral , trailing black smoke and clouds of flesh charred to fine ash .
when he finally looked up , the words he spat out tasted like ash .
by the time it settled on lenk , wide with shock and fury , he could see his plan consumed in that fire , precious ash on the wind .
he hit the earth , shifting from missile to plough as he dug a deep trench in the charred sand , a cloud of ash in his wake .
the male longface , clad in robes that looked untainted despite the water , blood and ash that seeped through the great hall , looked almost friendly compared to the woman .
flakes of ash drifted lazily on the breeze as the pulsating , fleshy sacs still burned like grotesque pyres .
dreadaeleon 's magic still left ash behind , gariath left bodies in his wake .
he gestured over the burning sacs , the seas of ash .
for all the death that surrounded her , all the ash pervading the air , all the blood on the stones , the only person who should have died was still alive .
bodies lay everywhere , the salt choked with blood , the stones littered with flesh , the air tainted by ash .
it was two long days in a dank , decrepit stone hall stinking of ash and blood before they were rested enough to make the long swim back to ktamgi .
it was n't until he noticed the pile of ash still clenched in the charred hand of the cragsman that he finally sighed .
mingled amongst the burned earth were shapes consisting of two arms and two legs , their bodies twisted into ash that flaked off with each stray gust of wind .
she was n't about to try to get a closer look as the horror pulled its body across the ground , leaving a trail of ash behind it .
togu coughed slightly , apparently choking on a stray ash that had crept its way into his hose .
even if she were n't facing a man who had aptly proven his penchant for and ability to turn things into ash , he was still a powerful physical specimen , standing nearly as tall as gariath .
at another , the man would be ash ; a short death , a clean death .
the road was slick with blood , clotted with ash , littered with the dead and the broken .
perhaps bralston was more of a nature lover than he , or perhaps he could read minds , for in that instant , the fire stopped , sliding back into whatever orifice the wizard had spewed it from and leaving only a sky choked with smoke and an earth seared with ash .
dormant ash was there , in great presence .
the faithful fell off of him , their white bodies and their hammers shaken from him like snow and ash as he stirred .
she dipped another two fingers into the mixture of ash , water , and dye ground into an ugly , dark - red paste .
its voice was fervent and choked with ash .
it wailed through a shudder of kelp and a groan of blackened coral before it finally fell to a broken sigh of ash and embers and then fell silent .
she was a creature of black ash and bloodied skin and red warpaint , overlarge canines big and white against the mask of darkness and crimson that obscured every patch of bare skin on her .
she was a creature painted gray and black by ash and soot , her eyes and teeth white through the dark mask painted across her face .
beneath the soot and the ash and the blood , kataria had been red and raw .
one midwinter 's day , when the sun was as distant and cold as a dull silver coin , they saw that the remains of the scraeling 's body had been removed from the ash tree .
a pillar of ash tumbled from his cigarette onto the threadbare hall carpet .
he patted his upper right arm , where the muscles were , with his left , scattering gray ash from the cigarette in his left hand .
mr . nancy stubbed out his cigarillo , then he flicked an imaginary speck of ash off his yellow gloves .
now there was ash on his hands , and he wiped it onto his hairless chest , leaving soot - black streaks .
a sign on the gate said ash .
it did not seem to matter which road he took , which direction he drove down the narrow country lanes - the twisting virginia back roads that must have begun , he was sure , as deer trails and cowpaths - eventually he would find himself passing the farm once more , and the hand - painted sign , ash .
if we were to go into the tombs , we 'd find charred ash or the sleeping undead .
separated from the rest of the camp as the covert was , laurence had not seen much of the unhappy events , but before calm could be restored , fires had caught among the buildings , and now the morning air was acrid and bitter with the floating ash and smoke , damp with dense fog .
occasionally a national guard helicopter goes thrumming by overhead , the wash from the rotors stirring the ash , searchlights sweeping across the devastation .
it dusted them with ash , traced new patterns of moonlight and sand along the soft bed of the arroyo .
whatever pursuit had been behind them when they came into kalare , it evidently disintegrated with the destruction of the city and the resulting blizzard of ash .
suddenly the enormity of it crashed down on me ... david , turning to ash and shadows ; siobhan , dying in my place ; lewis , dying right now , dying as i watched .
magnus sighed , and at the touch of his breath , the fire letters sifted away to glowing ash .
dawn had truly come - she could see the remains of the bike , subsiding into a heap of unrecognizable ash as the sun 's rays struck it .
her hand wrapped around the base of the cup - her fingers closed on it - and as she drew her hand back , the cup gripped firmly in it , she thought she heard the smallest of sighs before the card , now blank and empty , turned to ash that sifted away between her fingers to the carpeted floor .
the rune she had drawn turned black and sifted away like ash ; the floor trembled under her feet ; then it was over , and she knew , without a doubt , that she was free .
then it disintegrated into ash , inert once more .
chance reached for me , the back of his hands crisscrossed with new scratches and ash , and i let him tug me to my feet .
her skin had gone from pale to ash gray .
a sickly sun shone overhead , but the whole world seemed bathed in ash , sullen and gray , a universe done in charcoal and chiaroscuro .
i watched every horrific moment , each puff of smoke , each breath of ash , until there was nothing left but cinder and char , chips of bone , and a great ruby that had been his heart .
when the last of the magick crumbled away , he was ash in my fingers .
a sudden roar and shudder shook the allegiance again , and another eruption of incandescent fire burst from her side ; laurence pulled demane 's head down and ducked his own : in a moment a rain of splinters and ash came pattering over them , stinging on the skin .
he put demane down for a moment only , and shook off a last dismembered arm before picking him up again and proceeding onward away ; behind his lashing angry tail the fire had been scattered and crushed into ash , and bodies were strewn upon the sand ; some still crawling , and moans carried over the sound of the surf .
` ` there , captain granby , sir , '' o'dea said in comforting tones , from where he had been sitting by the communal fire enjoying a tot of rum and very likely some eavesdropping , ` ` sure and there is no harm in marriage , after all : though it all must end in a vale of tears , there 's naught better to be looked for in the ash of this sad and worldly life : why not . ''
` ` too ... '' max dropped his arms in a limp , weak gesture , flakes of black ash that had been his tunic drifting down .
she began rearranging a stack of files in her out basket , dropping ash on them in the process . ` `
he took the receiver away from his ear and stared at it as if he had never seen a telephone before , his face gray as ash .
his hair is as pale as the moon and his eyes are like ash .
his blonde hair glimmers in the sunlight and hands in his ash eyes , which burn with intensity as he takes in the house .
` ` the ember dies slowly in a mound of ash .
into ash , into dust , into nothing .
cameron 's ash black eyes instantly find me and a smile curves at his lips .
they connect in the middle , but are separated by a thin line of ash .
on the top of it is a beautiful angel , with wings as black as the ones i ' m wearing and hair as dark as ash .
they connect in the middle , though are separated by a thin line of ash .
my voice has drifted away like ash stolen by the wind .
eyes like ash .
jeff beck , the guess who , dust , wings , the doors , and wishbone ash , jockeyed for position with jimi hendrix , the rolling stones , alice cooper , the beatles , ziggy stardust , queen , the stooges , and the allman brothers band .
they started touring and making appearances on the midnight special with their quieter numbers like ` ` pieces of ash '' and ` ` the deal fell through . ''
the ferns became mere skeletons of white ash .
up on the low hill the fire that had been burning all night collapsed in a shower of ash .
he flicked the ash from his cigar towards the demons .
` ` and the wrong sort of ash , '' said vorbis .
he picked up a handful of gray ash , which had once been dykeri 's principles of navigation , and let it drift through his fingers .
six heavy ash sticks clashed in mid - air .
five types of coal , seven types of coke and ash , sediments to make you dribble .
and there was a bowl of finest anthracite coke with ash on it .
rincewind hurried forward to help , there was a fair amount of smoke , ash and confusion , and the shared triumph of actually rescuing a few pieces of rather charred bacon did more good than a whole book on diplomacy .
there 's fag ash all over the place . '
' seasoned ash and yew , laminated and held together by special steel bolts , ' said leonard promptly .
' you 're covered in ash and you 're swaying , ' said carrot .
vimes stared at the little pile of ash that remained .
there were the tents , and the ash of fires .
he caught up with them ten minutes later in a thicket of mountain ash , milling around uncertainly while their leader shouted at them .
there was even ash still on the cigar .
mr soon pushed his way to an ancient tailor 's dummy ; it was so scratched , chipped and battered it looked like something dug up from the volcanic ash of an ancient city .
the only sound in the warm dark forge was the crackle of the coals as they settled down under the ash .
he brushed off the ash from the chair , reached into his pocket , and put the smoking gnu 's letter on his desk .
lord vetinari sat down opposite him , after dusting some ash off a chair .
miss dearheart flicked some ash off her cigarette .
between them , the ashtray filled up with ash .
this was harder than it looked because more than half of the snooker table served as the archchancellor 's filing system , * and indeed to get to the hole the ball had to pass through several piles of paperwork , a tankard , a skull with a dribbly candle on it and a lot of pipe ash .
nothing moved except ash .
the fire in the cave - like inglenook did n't add much light , because it was no more than a heap of white ash under the remains of a log .
someone is performing the rite of ash - it hit like a hammer , a force from out of the sky that blew the sand into a crater .
the big copper pans hung neglected on the wall , their sheen already tarnishing , and the kitchen ranges under the giant chimney arch were filled with nothing but chilly ash ...
now the sun was a blowlamp nailed to the sky , and the only difference between the sand and red - hot ash was the colour .
the fire sank down further into its bed of ash .
they would leave bits of cover and piles of feathery ash .
behind them , the rain washed the little heap of black ash into the mud .
then patrician looked down silently on the pile of ash at his feet .
but in the past few days ... well , there had been cold pizzas , and the ash from nobby 's horrible dog - ends , and all - in - all errol had eaten more or less what he liked .
the doors themselves , tall and iron - bound and solid , lasted a surprising ten seconds before collapsing into a heap of glowing ash .
the pond was a swamp of debris , covered with a coating of ash .
i had two other part - goblin lovers , the very powerful twins holly and ash .
with lightning - like precision , she tore into them , leaving nothing but a pile of ash and some burnt scales .
` ` and perhaps i 'll just turn you into ash where you stand . ''
so when she felt those big fingers against her neck , she unleashed the line of flame she 'd been holding on to and turned the executioner into ash .
the only word i screamed was his name - william - before the flames engulfed me and my body exploded into a confetti of ash .
my eyes looked like dull marbles buried in deep hollows , accompanied by sunken cheeks that looked rouged with ash .
` ` something tells me they 'll be waiting for us when there 's nothing but ash left . ''
they stepped back in with the rest of the crowd as the priestess extinguished the fire with her magic and collected the ash of tynan 's body .
iskierka had already established herself to her own satisfaction , if no one else 's , by clawing out a deep pit in the clearing next to temeraire 's where she had been housed , then filling it with ash : this acquired from some two dozen young trees which she had unceremoniously uprooted and burnt up inside her pit .
iskierka said , having overheard too much of the proceedings from her nearby clearing : heedless of granby 's protests , she squirmed herself through the trees into temeraire 's clearing , shaking off a blizzard of ash - flakes , and alarming the poor tradesmen very much with a hiccough of fire which sent steam shooting out her spines to clear them .
the demon exploded in a burst of ash .
in truth , they usually exploded into ash like the yuki - onna had and were returned to hell where they were punished for blowing their chance to play with mortals .
debris exploded outward and turned to ash before hitting the ground .
both burst into ash .
her ponytail was askew , odd loops of hair protruded all around the top of her head , and infernal ash concealed its natural luster .
a mask for marks that uses infernal ash instead of mark blood ?
the only evidence of the tackle was some broken branches on one of the bushes and some fine ash that bore witness to the death of an infernal .
as he spoke a foreign language in a low tone , his arm made a wide gesture over the gore , turning it into ash , which sank into the earth .
a moment later , she burst into ash , unable to survive without the part of herself alec had killed .
then he threw himself from the sixth floor and hit the oil - stained cement in an explosion of ash .
he brushed at the ash on his shirt and jeans with the back of his free hand .
when the ash from the third infernal took too long to clear , he widened his stance and adjusted his grip on his blade , prepared for a charge .
smoke , ash , and heat billowed upward and wrapped him a cocoon of torment .
the instant the tip hit hardwood , both the severed head and body disintegrated into ash .
twin piles of ash dotted the lawn , as did the bodies of two mark guards .
` ` ash is ash , there 's no coming back from that .
` ` ash is ash , there 's no coming back from that .
the smell of fire and ash , of blood and urine .
the wolf 's head sank muzzle - first into the hellhound 's belly before he disintegrated into ash .
we watched the ash spew out from the twisting butt .
` ` jesus perry , '' he swore bitterly , flicking ash across the tent .
just do n't blow out the cigarette or you 'll get ash everywhere . ''
i dipped my hands into the coal but most of it was either wet or pure ash .
she just vanished , leaving only ash , while the fire began to move along the upstairs carpet toward the stairs , licking at the wet walls .
she was walking unsteadily toward me , her clothes stained with ash and grease .
there was little grass , and the twisted stumps of heather and gorse stood up black amid wide patches of ash and burned earth .
i ' ve got a load of ash planking got to go out this afternoon .
the sooty columns would start to blend together into one massive black cloud a couple hundred feet above the river ; a cloud shot through with ash , full of hot bright cinders , adrift on the wind .
abner marsh rowed , while the river flowed around them and the sun beat down overhead and the wind swept smoke and ash across the water .
inside was old cold ash , and something else , something brown and yellow and blackened here and there .
if it had hit a plane , there 'd have been nothing left but a floating smear of ash and some raining molten metal .
you ca n't feel your body being turned to cooked meat and ash .
the warriors staggered and collapsed , roasted alive , bits of flesh and armor cooking away and being flung up into the gale of rising hot air as ash .
it took them only a few moments , working together - and then in half a dozen places just behind the frontmost ranks of the vord , great whirling columns of ash and soot and scorched earth writhed up from the ground .
the entire side of the tent was gone in a great , gaping circle , the canvas charred to fine ash , cut as neatly as with shears .
lightning hit him , burned the spear to ash , melted metal .
the riflemen had missed at least half their targets , and temeraire 's sides were stained where the lightly weighted sacks full of ash that stood for bombs in practice had hit him instead of falling below .
` ` i think perhaps we must adjust our thinking as well , '' laurence said , studying the pattern of ash marks .
i bathe the blood and ash from my face .
part i the ashes 1 i stare down at my shoes , watching as a fine layer of ash settles on the worn leather .
there 's been next to no rain to disturb the piles of ash left by the attack .
the surface beneath my feet hardens , and under the carpet of ash , i feel the paving stones of the square .
thank goodness , or it 'd be ash now .
his face , gray with dying and ash , seems to be receding .
the rest of the sky was the color of plum and eggplant and ash , dying rapidly to an inky blackness overhead and to the west .
fire wardens control - or try to control - the tendency of the planet to burn things to crispy ash .
otherwise , i 'd be a pile of ash in hell .
no forest , nothing but ash and the skeletal black stubs of trees .
not a fire - no , a fire consumed and left its host as ash .
slowly the fire died till nothing was left but falling ash and sparks ; a bitter smoke curled above the burned tree - stumps , and blew darkly from the hill , as the first light of dawn came dimly in the sky .
in their hands were tall spears of ash , painted shields were slung at their backs , long swords were at their belts , their burnished skirts of mail hung down upon their knees .
the gasping pools were choked with ash and crawling muds , sickly white and grey , as if the mountains had vomited the filth of their entrails upon the lands about .
upon the west of mordor marched the gloomy range of ephel duath , the mountains of shadow , and upon the north the broken peaks and barren ridges of ered lithui , grey as ash .
and yet c when they had gone , the shadows closed on men again , and their hearts went cold , and the valour of gondor withered into ash .
so theoden and eowyn came to the city of gondor , and all who saw them bared their heads and bowed ; and they passed through the ash and fume of the burned circle , and went on and up along the streets of stone .
the mountain crept up ever nearer , until , if they lifted their heavy heads , it filled all their sight , looming vast before them : a huge mass of ash and slag and burned stone , out of which a sheer - sided cone was raised into the clouds .
they came to the path and found that it was broad , paved with broken rubble and beaten ash .
a rain of hot ash was falling .
when they had no more orders , no more water to fetch or wood to hew , perhaps because the land was now on the sea bed or the city was inconveniently under fifty feet of volcanic ash , they did nothing but wait for the next order .
hundreds of people in brown smocks worked in the falling ash , caring for the crops .
tresting turned back toward the skaa , who worked quietly beneath the bloody sun and the lazy akes of ash .
tresting nodded as he watched the crowd of lazy skaa , some working with their hoes , others on hands and knees , pushing the ash away from the edgling crops .
times when the sky had n't been clogged by smoke and ash , when plants had n't struggled to grow , and when skaa had n't been slaves .
eventually , kelsier sighed , then turned to pick his way across the furrows and pathways , weaving between large heaps of ash .
he let go of shum , shufing toward the group , feet kicking up dust and ash as he moved .
1 ash fell from the sky .
the ash continued to fall .
sometimes , vin imagined she was like the ash , or the wind , or the mist itself .
skaa too sick to work lay huddled in corners and gutters , ash drifting around them .
structures were generally darkest at the top , where the ash gathered , but rainwaters and evening condensations had carried the stains over ledges and down walls .
kelsier stood waiting , scanning the city as a group of skaa workers worked in the street below , clearing away the latest mounds of ash .
they 'd take it to the river channerel , which ran through the center of the city , sending the piles of ash to be washed away , lest it pile up and eventually bury the city .
sometimes , kelsier wondered why the entire empire was n't just one big mound of ash .
he supposed the ash must break down into soil eventually .
he , like kelsier , wore a nobleman 's suit : colored vest , dark coat and trousers , and a thin cloak to keep off the ash .
he took a deep breath , ash falling lightly around him .
skaa cleaning crews were already back at work on the streets below , brushing up the dark ash .
the oor was darkened with patches of ash .
kelsier stepped out onto the street , pulled his hood up against the still falling ash , then led the way across the street .
you dress nicely , but on the inside you 're dirty as ash . ''
kelsier burned steel with a ash of strength .
she was accustomed to her own ngers being black with ashstains ; with reen , if she 'd ever washed her face , she had quickly rubbed it with ash again .
no ash in the corners , she thought , eyeing the oor .
he had saved them from the deepness , then had brought the ash and the mists as a punishment for the people 's lack of faith .
his clothing was stained slightly by dark ash , though his face was relatively clean , for a skaa .
people used to be able to look up and see them every night - that was before the mists came , before the ash - mounts erupted ash and smoke into the sky . ''
people used to be able to look up and see them every night - that was before the mists came , before the ash - mounts erupted ash and smoke into the sky . ''
prickles and dried leaves - both dusted with ash from an earlier ashfall - rubbed against her legs as they walked .
occasionally , they passed heaps of ash that had been carted out of the city .
trees even lined some of the streets ; most of them were aspens , whose bone - white bark was somehow resistant to the discoloring of the ash .
they would have to be scrubbed regularly to keep the ash from staining them .
she did n't eat the breads for fear that she would drop crumbs on the oor , and she worried at her feet and legs - which had been stained with ash while walking through the countryside - marring the furnishings .
the end of part one part two rebels beneath a sky of ash in the end , i worry that my arrogance shall destroy us all .
she burned pewter with a ash and hit the ground running , dashing along fellise 's quiet streets .
she passed workers , walking with heads and shoulders bowed , caps or hoods pulled down to keep ash out of their eyes .
vin walked in the indicated direction , passing through a lthy dining room , oor scattered with tracked - in ash .
a at roof meant having to shovel off ash occasionally , which was why most skaa buildings were peaked , but in kelsier 's opinion the view was often worth a bit of trouble .
below him , the skaa workers trudged in despondent ranks , their passing kicking up a small cloud of ash .
a few akes of ash began to oat down from the sky .
the thin , dark alley was clogged with refuse and ash .
his corpse spun leisurely in the breeze , ash falling lightly around it .
kelsier was on the men in a ash , cutting one down with slashing knives .
vin caught just the barest ash of hatred in her eyes when she said elend 's name .
do n't forget the ash because you see a little silk .
he dropped to an alleyway , discarding cloak and vest , then grabbed a double handful of ash from the corner .
kelsier nodded as a servant brought him a warm , damp cloth to clean his face and arms - though kelsier was n't certain if the servants were worried about his comfort or the ash he might get on the furniture .
poor things , vin thought , passing a group of ragged children who were shaking aspen trees to get the ash out so that it could be swept up - it would n't do for a passing nobleman to get an unexpected dump of tree - borne ash on his head .
poor things , vin thought , passing a group of ragged children who were shaking aspen trees to get the ash out so that it could be swept up - it would n't do for a passing nobleman to get an unexpected dump of tree - borne ash on his head .
the grounds were kept well maintained , and though the ash had n't been cleaned up yet , the low - cut grass meant that she did n't have to hold her dress up much to keep it from dragging .
with proper washing , and some expensive soaps , even a white garment could be rendered clean of ash .
she trailed her ngers along one stack of boxes , careful not to brush the ash that was on top of them .
the balcony had , of course , already been scrubbed clean of ash .
they could n't make the ash stop falling or the mists go away .
the prearranged sign given , a small group of camouaged men left the tree line , crossing the ash - stained earth toward the canal .
` ` you should probably have saze fetch you a cloak before you leave the party - you ' ve got ash all over the front of your dress .
the blackish gray ash still showed up a bit against the dark fabric , and the bers were rough where she 'd rubbed against stone , but both were barely noticeable .
my makeup is a light coat of ash , carefully rubbed on my cheeks .
she stumbled , falling to the rough black dirt , throwing up a puff of ash .
many had servants holding up parasols against the ash , but it was falling lightly enough that some just ignored it .
black ash continued to fall as the rst group of prisoners - most struggling only weakly- were dragged up onto the raised central platform .
shan attacked in a ash of spinning daggers , and vin was forced to jump backward again .
they kept the room swept of ash , but there was only so much they could do - black stains still covered clothing , walls , and faces .
the backup lair was a dank cellar with only three rooms , and the air smelled of dirt and ash .
vin stood stupidly for a few moments , standing in the falling ash as dockson caught up to her .
kelsier crouched amid them , bits of ash falling from the sky .
flakes of ash streaked past him .
black ash fell lightly around the two men , bits of it curling and blowing in the faint wind .
bits of ash fell lightly on his face .
it was n't the burnt white ash that one saw in dead coals ; this was a deeper , harsher black ash .
it was n't the burnt white ash that one saw in dead coals ; this was a deeper , harsher black ash .
elend felt the ash dust his face and clothing , but he ignored it .
every moving object - swinging shutters , blowing ash , attacking thugs , even trails of mist - shot out a translucent replica of itself .
he wore a simple skaa 's smock : a single - piece tan garment that was stained dark with ash .
that was nice , for a light ashfall had begun , and occasional flakes of ash floated down from the sky .
elend and clubs watched for a short time as the sparring gradually became more intense , the rounds taking longer , the two participants beginning to sweat as their feet kicked up puffs of ash in the packed , sooty earth .
vin landed , her staff already howling in a low swing , its tip throwing up a line of ash as it ran along the ground .
dust and ash settled quietly in the courtyard .
luthadel by day smelled of burning forges , sun - heated refuse , and fallen ash .
some of them were still dirty from their day 's labor , their clothing old , worn , and stained with ash .
they were powdered with black ash from his hurried ride .
she had lived with fear for so long that she had once seen it as something natural , like the ash , the sun , or the ground itself .
` ` the legends all say that during the early days of the lord ruler , the sun changed colors , and ash began to fall from the skies . ''
he stood , pushing off his blanket and the light film of ash that had fallen during the night .
the ash was deeper here , without the cover of trees , and there was also more wind blowing it into drifts .
these provided decent shelter , though the ash seemed capable of infiltrating any sanctuary .
sazed got out the rubbing he 'd made in the conventical , transcribed a few words , then forced himself to put the sheet away - he worried about blurring the words by opening it too often or by getting ash on it .
and what had killed those that he 'd found outside , lying in the ash ?
it fell with a clank , tossing up a puff of ash from the ground .
just like the steel bracelet , which he left sitting in the ash behind him as he went on .
he thought quietly for a moment , flakes of ash beginning to fall lightly around him .
some reports even spoke of them eating dirt and ash , though sazed found that a little difficult to believe .
his robes were dirty and smelled of ash and sweat .
the white was an important symbol ; with all of the ash and soot in the city , a man in white was quite striking .
` ` the heir will bring back the sun , stop the ash from falling .
but , where did demoux get the promises that vin would stop the ash and bring back the sun ?
` ` about the ash no longer falling , and the sun turning yellow ? ''
` ` and the ash ? ''
he 'd pushed back the mists , and in the process he 'd somehow made the ash begin to fall and the sky turn red .
designed to stand out , to set him apart from a city stained by ash .
elend groaned quietly , slowly becoming aware of the hard , ash - packed earth and weeds eaten down to their roots .
elend stumbled forward , wiping the ash from his cheek with a dazed hand as he knelt beside the dead creature .
it had been ransacked long ago , and the ash coating the floor was a good four inches deep .
elend crawled inside the small chamber , getting ash on his knees .
part five snow and ash he is accustomed to giving up his own will before the greater good , as he sees it .
part of the wardrobe tindwyl had made for him included a black and silver riding uniform , and he wore this now , fingers snug within the leather gloves , and a dark cloak to keep off the ash .
she 's pushing on it - pushing the flakes along the ground , stirring up the dust and ash .
he did n't have servants anymore to wash the ash out of his clothing ; in fact , despite the tent 's double flap , some ash had managed to work its way inside during the night .
he did n't have servants anymore to wash the ash out of his clothing ; in fact , despite the tent 's double flap , some ash had managed to work its way inside during the night .
now that they were out of the city , there were no workers to sweep the ash away , and it was getting everywhere .
in the air , flakes of ash began to fall from the sky .
the man puffed , putting hands on knees as he stopped beside straff 's mount , bits of ash swirling on the ground at his feet .
` ` i did n't , '' spook said , a lump of ash falling from a tree behind him , bursting before the wind , and fluttering in a hundred different flakes to the ground .
the wetness would make the ash stick to his clothing , and his suit would be absolutely ruined .
he sat on his horse , amid a muddy mixture of falling snow and ash .
breeze continued stare up at the ash and snow .
after all , how must she look , hair drenched by the snow , clothing wet and stuck with ash ?
with his brassmind , he did n't even feel the cold , though ash , snow , and blood mixed at his feet .
sazed opened tired eyes , lying bare - chested in the falling snow and ash .
` ` that board wo n't hold for long , '' one of the soldiers said quietly , a bit of ash floating down in front of his face .
the street was quiet in the falling ash and snow .
he even wore a hat against the snow and ash .
and not just with ash and snow ; she could smell death in its breezes , hear screams in its whispers .
the field between his camp and luthadel was colored gray and white , the snow stained by ash .
it was a skaa man in simple clothing , skin stained with ash .
his face was twisted in a grimace of pain , and the ash on the ground was smeared from his thrashings .
black ash fell lightly from the sky , as it did most days lately .
his face was stained black with ash .
fatren sighed , staring up at the falling ash .
he peered through the falling ash across a dark landscape that looked as if it were blanketed in deep black snow .
very little of the stranger was visible beneath the thick , dark cloak he wore to protect himself from the ash .
the ash fell silently .
venture shook his head , regarding the city through the falling ash .
venture finally looked at fatren , frowning , black ash dusting his shoulders .
the ` ` camp '' was little more than a place where the koloss had tromped down ash and the plants beneath , then dug firepits .
weapons ripped free , koloss were thrown backward , and massive bodies scattered like mere flakes of ash beneath the bloodred sun .
and , sure enough , she soon caught sight of a speck in the air , shooting toward her through the falling ash .
his brilliant white uniform was soiled with ash and blood , but his face was clean , his eyes bright .
a single , sparkling bit of copper spun through the flakes of ash .
he had learned that shoving a planet around required too much precision , so instead he caused the mountains to erupt , spewing ash and smoke into the air .
indeed , the falling ash would make men sick , causing them to cough like those who spent too long mining beneath the earth .
it must be all the smoke and ash in the air . ''
` ` the ash falls almost perpetually now .
even if the mists do n't kill off next year 's crops , the ash will .
when ruin controlled him , however , the falling ash was a thing of beauty , the red sun a marvelous triumph , the world a place of sweetness in its death .
what a beautiful world , marsh thought , looking up into the falling ash , feeling the light , comforting flakes upon his skin .
vin sat among them , ash raining around her like burnt tears , and bowed her head .
elend stood in the mists , ash falling around him .
therefore , as she shot through the falling ash , she easily picked out the canal up ahead .
she landed - dropping a coin and pushing against it slightly to slow her descent , throwing up a spray of ash as she hit .
it was strapped to the front of the portfolio to keep it from being caught in the wind , and a parasol strapped to his saddle kept most of the ash from smearing the page .
` ` the ash , '' breeze said .
but ash falling every day , burying the entire land ... '' the soother shook his head , smiling .
how long would it be before the ash grew so deep that travel was impossible ?
trees drooped with the weight of ash on their leaves and branches .
` ` i do have to say , however , '' breeze continued , chatting along in his normal way , protected from the ash by a parasol attached to the back of his saddle , ` ` the ash is a tad unimaginative . ''
` ` i do have to say , however , '' breeze continued , chatting along in his normal way , protected from the ash by a parasol attached to the back of his saddle , ` ` the ash is a tad unimaginative . ''
` ` what else would the ash be ? ''
think of the possibilities - if the ash were red , the rivers would run like blood .
` ` the ashmounts have always spewed out ash .
now that the ashmounts are emitting more ash , it would make sense that the days are growing colder , and so the mists stay longer . ''
` ` well , the church of the survivor teaches that vin will someday cleanse the sky of ash and the air of mists .
after six months of ash ... well , it makes a man at least want to believe .
the ash , the dismal , depressing landscape ... it was more than just ` ` unimaginative , '' as breeze had put it .
up ahead , sazed noticed someone moving through the ash .
the figure wore black , but against the field of ash , it was easy to pick out even a hint of flesh tone .
about to dismount , she hesitated , eyeing the half - foot - deep layer of ash on the ground .
the water dribbled down his cheeks and chin , carrying with it stains of ash .
the tent walls flapped in a gentle breeze , a bit of ash blowing in through the door , which vin had n't tied closed behind herself .
the clothing itself had been made with a special cloth that was easier to scrub clean of ash .
we can fight armies , we can capture cities , but what of ash , mists , and earthquakes ?
it will be the only place that can grow food this summer , and we 'll need every bit of manpower we can muster to clear ash and prepare the fields .
` ` we bicker amongst ourselves , we mope about , watching the ash fall , convinced that we 're doomed . ''
that bliss was far superior to the dread he felt while sitting on the stump , slowly being buried in ash .
it seemed a waste of resources to let the army stagnate , even if the creatures could apparently eat even the dead plants beneath the ash to survive .
the ash continued to fall , blowing around marsh in a lazy breeze .
spook had seen very few people with her shade of deep auburn hair - at least , few people who had been able to keep it clean of ash and soot .
the ash .
during the thousand years before the collapse , they pushed the ash into rivers , piled it up outside of cities , and generally just let it be .
they never understood that without the microbes and plants rashek had developed to break down the ash particles , the land would quickly have been buried .
ham frowned , then excused himself , tromping through the fallen ash to help a group of soldiers pack away their tents .
she passed out of the perimeter , and found human sitting quietly , ash drifting slightly against his legs .
he looked over at her , then stood , ash falling from his eleven - foot , overly muscled blue figure .
human regarded her , a line of blood trailing out of the ripped skin near his eye , running stark down his blue skin , mixing with flakes of ash .
skaa wearing the approved gray trailed the group like ghosts - a quiet , shuffling mass in the falling ash .
it seemed to him that the falling flakes of ash were a part of the pyre behind , bits of death cast upon the wind .
spook watched through the raining ash as the man moved down a broad ramp of earth , trailed by a following that numbered in the hundreds .
` ` the ash that falls is a sign from him - it represents the fall of the empire , the ashes of tyranny .
yet she remained silent , flakes of ash falling between them .
the subtlety displayed in the ash - eating microbes and enhanced plants shows that rashek got better and better at using the power .
17 elend rode at the front of his men , astride a brilliant white stallion that had been scrubbed clean of ash .
` ` i ' m having trouble with faith lately , demoux , '' elend said , looking up , watching flakes of ash drift through the air .
even as elend watched , the balding soldier slipped from his saddle , collapsing to the ankle - deep ash below .
elend knelt beside demoux , his legs in the ash , listening to soldiers scream and captains yell for order .
and the ash continued to fall .
the beast 's hooves kicked up chunks of packed ash as it ran .
` ` i suspect that it will still be able to poke beneath the ash and find nourishment for a time , '' sazed said .
now exposed to the ash , sazed put up the hood of his travel robe , hefted his portfolio in his arm , then strode across the black ground to the front of the line .
it was a rough hike - the ash was growing thick , and it was slick and tiring to walk on .
this is what religion is for , sazed thought as he tromped through the ash at the head of the column , carrying his pack on his shoulders .
he would study it as he walked , carrying the portfolio with the sheet on the bottom when he was n't reading , thereby keeping the ash off of it .
the roadside grew heaped with tall piles of ash .
each day , the skaa workers had to clear away the ash that had fallen during the night .
they looked so weak and small beside the massive piles of ash .
how long would it be before there was simply too much ash to move ?
` ` even with the ash and the mist , seeing them gives me hope . ''
there was little to distinguish the area , now that the ash covered everything .
even as sazed walked down the hillside , he could see people brushing away the ash from the ground , letting the natural plant life poke through to provide grazing for the animals .
and , like sazed , they kept them cleaned of ash , showing the colorful v - shaped patterns that ran down the fronts .
yes , the ash was black .
most common ash has a dark component , but is just as much gray or white as it is black .
like the mists themselves , the ash covering our land was not truly a natural thing .
or , perhaps it was simply the nature of the ashmounts , which were designed and created specifically to blast ash and smoke into the sky .
beside her , the canal waters passed , covered with a froth of floating ash .
now ruin was free , and vin assumed that it was behind the violent mist killings and the falling ash .
elend knelt down , heedless of the ash that had dusted the deck since it had last been swept .
when the lord ruler altered mankind to make them more capable of dealing with ash , he changed other things as well .
the boats barely made it this far - there 's too much ash clogging it .
some magical way to stop the ash ?
most of his life , it seemed that he had been a flake of ash , pushed around by whatever strong wind came his way .
smells of wine , bodies , ash , and mold hung in the air .
she crept across the rocky shelf , fluffy ash beneath her toes .
still , the city streets were kept swept of ash , and a remarkable number of the noble homes appeared occupied .
a canopy kept off the ash , but he seemed unconcerned about the mists .
slowswift puffed quietly on his pipe , a breeze blowing mist and ash across his elderly figure .
because the ash is falling , and soon it will cover up your pretty little city .
` ` they say you 'll stop the ash , '' the old man said quietly from behind .
the ash had been allowed to drift here , piling in corners , making a general mess of things .
vin had lived like that at times , sleeping in alleys , coughing up ash , hoping it would n't rain .
vin shot through ash and mist , even her tight clothing flapping slightly from the wind .
` ` tonight , i told someone that i 'd stop the ash from falling and turn the sun yellow . ''
` ` someone has to worry about the ash , '' vin said .
if that continued , it would n't be long before the sky was nothing more than a solid black storm of ash .
it just seemed so difficult to think that vin - his wife - could do anything about the color of the sun or the falling ash .
even after leaping about all night , even after their days spent traveling , even with her face dirtied by ash , she was beautiful .
` ` stop the ash . ''
it has the power to bury the entire empire in ash , and can apparently hear every single word we say .
sazed peered out of the carriage , looking at the city through the falling ash .
i ' m speaking of mists and ash .
` ` the ash falls perpetually , citizen , '' sazed said .
like all of their men , this one wore his cloak hood up against the falling ash .
behind , he could hear breeze sigh with an exaggerated sound , then call for one of the soldiers to bring a parasol against the ash .
he stared up , as if watching the falling ash , as he waited for sazed and breeze .
she finally slowed , aiming for a rooftop that had been cleared of ash .
he 'd had this one scrubbed free of ash , and he 'd gotten his beard trimmed .
` ` these white petticoats w1ill stain with ash easily .
her landing blew away flakes of ash , creating a little pocket of cleanliness .
no ash , no sediment .
the water lay like black glass , undisturbed by wind or ash , though it did ripple slightly from the current .
a world of ash and pain and death and sorrow ? ''
their army was outside , the ash was falling perpetually , and the mists were killing people .
the endless ash now falls !
the streets were barely maintained , the homes - which had once been the dwellings of noblemen , but were now filled with hungry skaa - covered in ash , their gardens stripped and their structures cannibalized to feed fires during the winter .
at that moment , the top left half of the mountain exploded , spewing a deluge of dust , ash , and rock .
plus , you do n't have much ash on you . ''
he reached to the ground , scooping up a pile of ash .
spook smiled , dropping the ash as he disappeared into the mists .
spook picked up his pace , leaping heaps of discarded boards , dashing around piles of ash , until he reached the hole that durn called home .
he happened to agree with this particular lesson , and so he rode , wearing a black cloak to mask the ash 's smudges , making certain his soldiers knew that he was among them .
she tossed a coin , pushing on it to slow herself , and hit the dark ground , throwing up a huge spray of ash .
the man hit the ground , slumping lifeless into the ash .
he was far too short to be elend , but she could n't tell much more than that through the shadow of mist and ash .
it was disturbing that from this distance he could n't even make out the canal - the falling ash had darkened its waters and covered the landscape to the point that everything just looked black .
the ash came up to the top of her calves and would have been difficult to walk in without pewter to give her strength .
he fell into step beside her as she moved up to the other koloss , his massive form obviously having no trouble with the deep ash .
now they simply sat in the ash , gathered in small groups , ignoring their wounds .
she could see corpses lying about , forgotten in the ash save for the ritual flaying that was the koloss form of burial .
they separated themselves from the main camp , trudging out into the ash .
he ran into the koloss camp , a massive blue monster on two legs , kicking up ash .
the men in the basement pit have moved all the debris and ash to the sides , and have sifted through it twice .
even where he sat , atop a windswept hill , there was a layer of ash smothering the plant life .
some trees had branches broken by the weight of repeated ash pileups .
he shook his head , then rose to all fours and loped off down the side of the hill , scattering ash into the air with each bound .
he made his way through the thin forest cover , over hills , hoping that the blanket of ash would n't make it too difficult for him to navigate .
the falling ash did affect the kandra people - it affected them greatly .
tensoon stopped running ; he was up to his wolfhound knees in deep black ash .
he scrambled up a few rocks , then rounded the side of a stone outcrop , knocking lumps of ash off with his passing .
he remembered it , despite how the ash had transformed the landscape .
tensoon stuck a paw into the depression , digging out the ash , working to uncover the things he had hidden a year before .
the lord ruler 's forced labor projects had brutalized the skaa , but had kept things clean of ash and given even the oversized city a sense of order .
the rough earth lay torn beneath his feet , covered by an inch of ash , the dreary remnants of what had once been fertile ground .
but the keepers had gathered them - stories of how the world had been before the ash came and the sun had turned red .
the ash is falling too hard now , and we do n't have supplies .
the most obvious way he did this was by making the ashmounts emit more ash and the earth begin to break apart .
limited to indirect , gradual means of destruction - like falling ash and the light - stealing mists .
i 'd bet that for every person he throws into one of those buildings , there are three dead in an alley somewhere , slowly being buried in ash . ''
then , he landed , ash coming up to nearly his waist .
he pushed himself into the air , leaving a trail of ash fluttering in the mists behind him .
he landed , running through a field of knee - deep ash .
that many would quickly overrun such a small village , annihilating it like a small pile of ash before storm winds .
what good was food to feed his people if the ash just smothered everything anyway ?
yet , as he fought on that dark night in the burning mists and falling ash , he began to understand .
at least , not until this night , fighting in an unnamed village , too much ash in the dark sky , the mists on fire , koloss dying in ranks before him .
he looked through the falling ash , turning toward the remaining koloss - thousands and thousands of them - who now suddenly stood motionless and patient around him , under his control at last .
near the end , the ash began to pile up in frightening amounts .
they did not ` ` feed '' on ash , really .
volcanic ash itself is , actually , good for soil , depending on what one wishes to grow .
during the history of the final empire , the land balanced on the very knife - edge of disaster via the ash .
the city smelled terrible , and refuse clogged the streets , buried in ash .
waited as the ash fell , waited even until the sky darkened and the mists came out .
he rose , shaking the ash from his body - an action that caused the guards to start , raising their spears anxiously as they searched the darkening night for the source of the sound .
the blessing of presence let tensoon recall the precise words , and despite the ash , he found the spot - a place where the cobbles were disturbed .
they say that emperor venture always wears white , and that the ash refuses to stick to him !
it was like finding a beautiful plant growing alone in a field of burnt ash .
their food stores nearly depleted , their homes burned by koloss , their water sources contaminated by ash , their capital - and king - besieged by elend himself ...
i have to stay focused , he told himself , walking through the falling ash .
i attacked a koloss army on my own , he thought as he slogged through a patch of thigh - deep ash .
mist and ash suffocating the land .
he shook his head , pushing through the ash .
so , he walked ahead , a lone figure in black on a field of solid ash backlit by a setting red sun .
yet , with the rate at which the ash was falling , the mist and even the possibility of other wandering koloss were becoming secondary problems .
find a way to wash all of the ash out into the sea ?
he stopped in the ash , the darkness closing around h1im as night proper finally fell .
elend stood , looking up at the sky , watching the flakes of ash fall .
the ash came up to his chest .
and there , in the ash , he finally just gave up .
elend jumped backward , scrambling to his feet and scattering ash .
however , to elend 's surprise , it followed the command , kneeling down in the ash .
it reached out with a misty hand , and began to scratch in the ash .
it knelt in the ash , making no impression in the ground .
it can rewrite pieces of text on paper , so why not things scratched in ash ? ''
` ` are you related to the ash ? ''
or , perhaps he saw elend kneeling in that field , and knew that the emperor of men was very close to just lying down in the ash , never to rise again .
if elend had waited just a few more minutes on that ashen field , he would have seen a body - short of stature , black hair , prominent nose - fall from the mists and slump dead into the ash .
as it was , the corpse was left alone to be buried in ash .
to spook 's eyes , smoke seemed to twist and rise everywhere in the bright sky , reaching up , as if to meet the falling ash .
tensoon sat on his haunches , watching the occasional makeshift boat push its way through a canal , displacing the patina of ash that covered the water .
i bring news she needs to hear - news regarding the mists and ash . ''
the ash , that was our real problem .
there was so much ash ... ...
those who can flee to luthadel , leaving trails of corpses on the road , buried in ash . ''
` ` though , before you do anything else , what you should probably do is go change your clothing ... ... '' elend glanced down , remembering that he was still wearing the black uniform , bloodied from killing koloss , then stained by ash .
many of them have never even seen me fight - never seen me bloodied , never seen me dirtied by ash .
on his desk sat the open portfolio , its cloth - wrapped coverboard stained with ash .
and then , of course , there was the final flake of ash on the pile - the thing that each and every faith had , in his opinion , failed to prove .
the mists , the koloss , me , you , the storage caverns , the ash ... '' he flinched slightly as vin mentioned that last one .
` ` the ash is getting worse , is n't it ? ''
` ` but the ash , it 's going to be what kills us .
i ' m proud ... ... ` ` the ash is falling even more thickly , is n't it ? ''
the thing that is bringing ash down to destroy us .
below , the koloss stalked forward , stomping a pathway in the ash for his humans to use after the initial koloss assault .
some stumbled in the deep ash ; others pushed their way forward , their charge hampered to a slow crawl .
yomen 's soldiers were still pushing their way through the ash .
even ruin appeared to have paid them no heed , for they simply stood in the ash , partially buried , like a collection of quiet stones .
they 'd managed to retreat back to the positioning of their original fortification , which meant that they had a small hill for defense and did n't have to fight in ash .
66 sazed tried not to think about how dark the ash was in the sky , or how terrible the land looked .
it moved with ease through the thick ash , where a real horsea '' nd certainly a humana '' ould have balked at the difficulty .
the landscape was covered in a good four feet of ash .
sazed asked as the kandra galloped over a hilltop , shoving aside ash and ignoring obstructions .
` ` that does n't explain how you can carry me , all our baggage , and still run through this ash . ''
` ` you must convince the kandra how dire the situation is , '' tensoon explained , slowing to a stop in the ash .
` ` with the ash ... well , i have n't really been able to follow our path for days . ''
` ` that depression in the ash , '' tensoon said , nodding his large head toward it .
tensoon smiled with a strange equine expression , then took off , galloping through the ash .
even moving that short distance in the ash was difficult .
he reached the depression and - taking a breath - began to dig his way into the ash .
it stood silently in the blizzard - like ash , thousands strong .
she held him close for a few moments longer , feeling the ash fall around her , blow against her skin and cheek .
` ` have you seen the ash up above ? ''
` ` we have seen periods where the ash fell more copiously than others . ''
69 marsh knelt in a pile of ash , hating himself and the world .
the ash fell without cease , drifting onto his back , covering him , and yet he did not move .
and now marsh waited in the ash .
the red air was unpleasantly abrasive , so crowded with ash .
the ash came up to his waist , and he was probably standing on a few feet of packed ash underneath .
the ash came up to his waist , and he was probably standing on a few feet of packed ash underneath .
in the distance , down the slope , a solitary figure pushed resolutely through the ash .
few people would brave the mists - yet this man not only walked through them , but forged his way through ash that was as high as his chest .
marsh launched himself from the hilltop , hurling through the mist and ash on a push of steel .
the creature cried out , rearing , and marsh jumped , placing one foot on the beast 's face as he flipped over it and landed in the ash .
the horse whinnied nervously , stamping in the ash .
the soldier backed away , trying to clear room in the ash for a fight .
marsh swung for the man 's head , intending to take it off with a single sweep of the axe , but the soldier rolled in the ash , whipping a dagger from his boot and swiping in an attempt to hamstring marsh .
he fell in the ash , rolling and coughing , blood on his lips .
he came to a stop , covered in ash .
in fact , he longed to grab his axe from where it had fallen dripping blood in the ash , then use it to kill himself .
then , he tossed it into the ash and used it as an anchor to push himself into the air .
he left the corpses of horse , man , and message to lie dead in the ash , slowly being buried .
yomen fell silent as they walked through streets that , despite being cleaned of ash , had a forlorn cast to them .
tensoon pushed toward the crest of the hill , moving through ash that was so high that he was glad he had switched to the horse 's body , for a wolfhound could never have moved through piles so deep .
the ash fell strongly where he was , limiting his visibility .
he stood for a long moment , deep in ash , gazing upon a landscape that had once contained villages , forests , and roads .
she launched off the wall , shooting through the mist , ash , and rain .
the awful near - symmetry of the amalgamation was only made more unsettling by the presence of the mists and ash .
water sprayed , flecked with ash , as vin reached down and grabbed one of the spikes in the inquisitor 's eyes .
she swung it up , spraying water , her skin stained with wet ash as she blocked a blow .
he took in the ash , and the rain , the blood and the soot , and it disgusted him .
tensoon looked up through the ash .
endless fields of ash extended behind him ; even the track he had worn up to the top of the hill was close to being filled in .
her fist shattered a cobblestone , throwing back a ripple of dark rainwater , splashing her arms and face , leaving specks of black ash behind .
starlight shone above , and flecks of ash fell in the air .
that dissipated and was soon gone , too , leaving marsh alone in the wreckage of a palace , head blazing with pain , body covered in sickly , sodden ash .
the mists were gone , but the ash still fell .
the ash choked the air , blowing in the breeze , coating everything .
and the heat ... should n't it have been getting colder as more ash flew into the air , blocking the sunlight ?
animals would go quickly - the ones who survived were those who could find a way to chew on dead foliage now covered by ash .
the sun was amazingly powerful - she had n't realized how much the ash and smoke had done to shield the land .
he kicked up ash with each leap .
the ash was slowly trickling away - in fact , it had mostly stopped falling .
and there , beneath a patio canopy that had kept off much of the ash , he found a corpse in a fine gentlemen 's suit lying on the cobbles .
elend wiped away the drifted ash , smudging the letters in the process .
elend landed outside the pits of hathsin , throwing up a puff of ash .
elend thought , pushing his way through the waist - deep ash , using the cloak to keep his uniform somewhat clean .
elend frowned , pushing forward through the deep ash , moving to the point where the tracks ended .
already , some of them were making their way along the tracks in the ash toward the safety of the caverns .
on top of that , there was the sun and its destructive heat , the death of the world 's crops , the tainting of water and land with several feet of ash ...
a figure in white slowly stepped out into the ash , brilliant white cape fluttering .
elend stood tall , watching the waves of koloss as they approached , trampling down the black ash , an endless sea of death with blue skin and red eyes .
yet elend still forced him to retreat , across fallen corpses of blue , ash stirring beneath a red sky .
it was stark , bright white and red against the black and blue of the koloss and ash .
the ash had killed the plants .
from the canzi teachings about the body , sazed determined that the physiology of mankind had changed - either by the lord ruler 's intention or by simple evolution - to adapt to breathing ash and eating brown plants .
not a hint of ash or smoke .
the ceiling was a wreck , sections of wood smoldering , bits of ash and debris wafting down .
marasi had been there several times as a girl to look at the relics of the world of ash that had been saved by the originators , those who had been nurtured in wombs of the earth and reborn to build society .
` ` rowan , thorn , and ash , '' frost said .
but ash was n't human , and he made it all look easy .
it would have undermined ash and holly , and gained me nothing .
the metal smoked and then collapsed into itself , incinerating into ash .
i was like a volcano about to spew fire and ash in his face .
the ground below the wall was empty of coffins , byre , bodies , and ash .
death brushed a speck of ash off his robe , and then planted his feet squarely on the mountaintop .
` ` do n't let your gratitude get in the way of your self - interest , '' rhoda said , tapping cigarette ash neatly into the basin and chasing it with a squirt of cold water .
` ` not if you wear nylon strokings , i guess , '' rhoda said , and tapped ash into a styrofoam cup sitting on the control panel in front of her .
i am ash . ''
creeda was behind the throne , and i caught the flash of a blade held in her many hands , but not the hands on the side facing ash .
my voice was a little breathy as i asked , ` ` come and be sidhe then , ash .
holly 's face showed his surprise , but it was ash who spoke .
in person ash and holly looked both more sidhe and less .
for a moment i thought ash and holly had injured him ; then i realized his hat was bleeding .
the feel of ash 's mouth on my skin turned me to look at him .
` ` goblins , '' i said , and the red cap jonty was there , with ash and holly beside him .
i had ash do it , because i needed doyle to keep me standing , and i would not have asked any of the other guards to do it .
her eyes had flicked up to the circle of red caps , and holly and ash .
i looked at ash , and he motioned the rest of them away .
the rest of the sky was the color of plum and eggplant and ash , dying rapidly to ink - dark blackness overhead and to the west .
i turned and found the goblin twins , ash and holly .
i might have protested except that ash 's hand squeezed too tightly for words .
` ` harm her and you will never have the power you seek , ash . ''
i looked at ash , and he would not look at me .
` ` cathmore found ash alone when we were young .
` ` ash carries his sword . ''
that made ash rise enough to gaze over his shoulder at me .
i leaned toward ash .
again , i got that glimpse of how lonely he and ash must be .
i looked down from holly 's body to find ash hard and ready , as he pushed his way inside me .
it took me a few heartbeats to realize that ash 's skin was glowing on its own .
i raised my hips for ash , and moved my mouth eagerly toward holly , but both of them controlled what i did , ash with his hands on my hips , holding me still so he could find the spot he wanted , holly with his free hand in my hair , holding me a little away from him so he could stare down at me as he drove himself in and out of me .
i made small whimpering noises around ash 's body as he found that spot inside me , and began to work over and over it .
i held holly and ash 's hands upward in mine .
and ash stepped away from me , glowing with magic , and smiling .
one of them tried to grab ash , but they did not bleed faster .
the red caps clustered around holly and me , but ash did n't seem to mind .
holly and ash were actually not fighting , because a goblin does not fight except to kill .
where holly and ash and i had used them to heal , now i used them to destroy .
as dust floated lazily in the single dingy shaft of sunlight slanting through a grime - encrusted window , gatlin 's breathing threatened to go out of control and ash imagined he could hear the mortal 's heart pounding .
his was a soul ash could reap on the spot , no questions asked .
the soul ash was really here to collect was one he ordinarily could n't touch .
` ` call me ash . ''
chapter five ash had partaken of the delights of mortal flesh before .
there was a cruel injustice about the fact that gatlin still lived , having been so traumatized by his experience with ash that he now walked the straight and narrow .
` ` ash , touch me , '' she whispered , undulating her h*ps so that she rubbed against his erection .
ash , she needed more of ash .
she 'd had a couple more hours of blessedly dreamless sleep in ash 's arms and then she 'd seen him off .
he did n't talk about himself much ... but his name is ash ... '' damn .
except ash .
as he did so , a torn piece of parchment flew from the book and landed at ash 's feet , going unnoticed by metos .
the last words seethed with such warning ash did n't doubt the threat for a moment .
she did n't know which loss hurt her more - david or ash .
if not for ash , and the way he 'd made her feel last night , she would probably be a sobbing mess hanging on to david 's leg right now , begging him not to leave her .
judging from the malice rising off ash in waves , she suspected the same of him .
with one final searing look at ash , he turned and strode toward the restaurant .
she should still be upset , numb - and maybe she was - but she wanted to drag ash into her jeep and f**k him raw right here .
please do n't take that the wrong way , i know this isn't- '' ash lifted a finger to her lips .
the angel reached into his robes and pulled out a scroll , which he tossed at ash 's feet .
it was n't that ash was concerned , really ... but sitting in that study with his careful work under scrutiny was a place no demon wanted to be .
maybe she really was grieving for david and was sort of projecting all of that anguish onto ash somehow .
delia kept up a stream of chatter and witticisms with ash despite the unsavory nature of her and maddie 's prior conversation about him .
she watched ash in utter disbelief .
madeleine was a question mark as well , now that ash was an influence in her life .
maddie giggled and slapped at ash , managing to dislodge a bit of toothpaste foam from her mouth .
` ` oh , ash , '' she sighed against his lips .
the angel shook his head , but nicolae ignored the quip as always , giving ash a minute nod of greeting .
it was only when the angel shifted uncomfortably that ash realized he 'd been staring dead at him , unmoving , for a good minute or so .
riam came to his feet and approached ash , moving swiftly and noiselessly .
grimness had slowly crept over riam 's face , lifting ash 's spirits considerably .
but ash was a weakness , and he seemed so ... different .
her hair was a mess from wallowing on the floor and on ash 's shirt .
i ' ve seen the good in you , ash . ''
the only thing she knew was neither of them was ash , and she wanted him , needed him to come put a stop to this ...
where is ash ?
` ` are you ... like ash ? ''
at the forefront of all her anguish was ash .
the sound of metal scraping against metal grated in ash 's head .
he had a wry wit that reminded her a lot of ash , which only made her miss him all the more .
he 's brought ash . ''
` ` i love you , ash .
` ` maddie , it 's going to be all right- '' ash began , but riam cut him off .
` ` it 's advisable for you to get the hell out of my way , ash .
riam 's gaze whipped up over her shoulder , connecting with ash 's and glowing impossibly blue .
she eyed ash warily .
riam did n't have to help them tonight - he could have escorted ash straight back to hell as he was supposed to .
` ` oh , ash , i love you . ''
` ` no matter what i said the other day in my apartment , i ' m yours , ash .
maddie would ' ve happily stayed in bed with ash for the rest of the night - or the rest of her life - but it was time to see if her crazy plan would work .
this was ash , this was who he was , where he was from , and she loved him .
` ` madeleine , '' he said , and though his voice was deeper , growling , distorted ... she still heard ash in there .
just as she 'd heard the ash she knew in his voice , she could see him in his face too .
the only way this would work was for metos to see her , approve her admittance and declare ash spared .
madeleine pushed back against ash 's hand , recoiling as the other demon slowly approached , but ash held her steady in front of him .
his gaze whipped back to ash , quick like the flickers of flame around them .
` ` i should kill you for this , '' he snarled at ash .
metos lunged straight for ash 's chest with the tip of his blade .
the other demon fell hard , immediately rolling away as ash brought down his axe .
but if what ash said was true , and her father had turned his life around after making the deal with him all those years ago , then he must carry tremendous guilt .
` ` i 'll be happy to , '' she said , casting a glance at ash .
with toil of many hands they gathered wood and piled it high and made a great burning and destroyed the body of the dragon , until he was but black ash and his bones beaten to dust , and the place of that burning was ever bare and barren thereafter .
' i took a risk , ' howard was saying to three other men ; he was waving a cigar , and a little ash had dribbled down the front of his velvet jacket .
when it banked , only black ash remained .
` ` we bury the ash ? ''
strong , bright , with a whip - snap that lashed through the creeping fog , made it boil , made it steam and die to thin black ash .
` ` and when cabhan is ash , '' she concluded , ` ` we perform the final ritual and consecrate the ground .
the blood , the ash .
` ` one for the blood , the other for the ash .
we have his blood , and the ash his torn flesh turned to .
besides ash , you look great .
in its place was a pile of soot and ash .
right where the entrance to the light keeper 's cottage once stood was a symbol burnt in ash on the ground .
dennis took the ash bucket and a small shovel from beside the stove and went back to the secret panel .
he used the shovel to pick up the smoking body of the mouse and drop it into the ash bucket .
he took the ash bucket with him , and now he did not feel like peter 's loyal servant but like a thief - his booty was a poor mouse that died even before dennis got back out the west gate of the castle .
nor would he show her what was in the ash bucket .
` ` come ' ee out here , boy , and tell us why you come back with the ash bucket from your master 's study . ''
now brandon was carrying the ash bucket .
this new rumor terrified mrs . brandon most of all , because she remembered - too well ! -how white poor dennis 's face had been when he had come in with the prince 's ash bucket .
then ( with rising panic ) he remembered that he had stolen an ash bucket from the prince 's rooms .
ben came and looked , but he could make out nothing - there were only bundles of ash which fell apart when he poked at them .
she wanted to watch scarlett perish until there was nothing left of her but ash .
war lances were shorter and heavier than the tourney lances that had been used in all the earlier tilts ; eight feet of solid ash ending in an iron point .
but above this gate , and behind it even to the mountains , he piled the thunderous towers of thangorodrim , that were made of the ash and slag of his subterranean furnaces , and the vast refuse of his tunnellings .
the numenoreans indeed set a guard upon the land of mordor , but none dared dwell there because of the terror of the memory of sauron , and because of the mountain of fire that stood nigh to barad - dur ; and the valley of gorgoroth was filled with ash .
the fire had largely burned itself out by the time they reached the wood , but here and there a few patches were still burning , fiery islands in a sea of ash and cinders .
he wiped the shadow of plaster and ash from his eyes .
all the historical relics had been destroyed , reduced to charcoal and ash .
cassie let this truth settle over her like ash .
the ash fountained and otto arose , blinking .
there was a definite feeling that although the little village was quiet at the moment - women hanging out washing , cats sleeping in the sun - soon the volcano was going to explode and hundreds were going to be buried in the ash .
it had already jumped from one winter - dried treetop to another , and there were tendrils of flame and ash falling on us .
water was rushing with great violence along the once - dry creek bed and had collected in deep puddles over the flat baked surface of the ground , but all choked with ash and dirt , undrinkable until it had been poured through a handkerchief to strain it as clean as it might be gotten .
laurence turned instead to pantomime and sketchwork , in the conveniently empty canvas of the burnt ground which showed his lopsided figures red against the black of the ash ; he tried to draw a picture of the egg , large , being carried away by small men - blank looks only - and then held out a fragment of the pottery .
fringed with both of these protections , the water - hole had only a thin coverlet of ash resting upon the surface , which they were able to skim off with their cups and buckets ; it was however not very deep , for the most part , and they were obliged to keep most of the water they had obtained at the creek in their jugs and cans , and use the better and fresher supply only to satisfy their immediate thirst .
` ` it appears particles of ash entered the throat : the flesh is burnt in a speckled pattern , '' dorset said , and did something .
a blast of hot air hit them and then there was no air , only a stinging cloud of ash and dust that blocked out everything else .
as he sat up he could feel the ash falling from his body , sending up a cloud , making it even harder to breathe .
he staggered forward a few steps and fell off the rock hard , landing in at least four feet of ash .
then he realized the plastic face was obscured by ash .
gregor plowed back to the rock , dragging his feet through the ash , trying to locate anyone else who might have fallen with him .
the smooth surface of the ash was unbroken by footprints .
if he 'd landed on the ground , most likely he 'd have been buried alive and died under the ash .
every inch of him , inside and out , seemed coated in a layer of ash .
he gently laid a hand on her chest , brushing away some of the ash , revealing a small patch of peach - colored fur .
` ` ares tried to go back for you , but we had no idea where you were and the ash was so deep . ''
they took turns gulping down the spring water and washing the ash from their skin .
his voice , which was usually a low purr , was hoarse from the volcanic ash .
ares retraced their path back to the volcano , flying through the tunnels still covered in deep layers of ash .
this was getting trickier by the moment because he was now up to his knees in bloody ash , and keeping a foothold was harder than ever .
` ` i have been in the ash but a few hours . ''
then gregor was in one of those herbal baths again , soaking the oil and ash from his skin .
they were trying to rid the ash from her body , but it was a delicate process since her lungs were damaged by days in the foul air .
her face , neck , and arms - the areas that had been most exposed to the ash in the firelands - were a hot , painful red .
` ` the ash carries no scent . ''
there was a core of ash wood in there somewhere , then a leather skin and finally dozens of layers of cloth for grip , and it was dropping with pinpoint inevitability towards the beautiful , dreamy head of juliet .
the ground around her was a wet , blackened disarray that smelled heavily of soggy ash .
aviendha looked down at her arms , seeing the flakes of ash from the burnings .
small black specks floated about in the whites , crossing back and forth like bits of ash blown on a leisurely wind .
egwene sighed softly , her mouth and nose protected by a damp cloth to keep her from breathing too much ash .
the drops that fell from her face were stained with black soot ; through the cloth she could smell the dull , crusty scent of ash that had been burned over and over and over again .
using a small wooden scrape , she worked clumps of ash free from seams between the bricks , then gathered it up and deposited it in brass buckets , the rims of which were powdered white and gray with ash .
but there was definitely someone outside the fireplace , crouching down , moving quietly ... ... egwene gripped the scrape in one hand , slowly reaching down with the other to grab the brush she 'd been using to scoop up ash .
chapter 21 embers and ash perrin opened his eyes and found himself hanging in the air .
the past was a field of embers and ash , an old saldaean proverb said , the remnants of the fire that was the present .
` ` burn to ash every person who tries to climb those stairs ?
the other two women wore ripped dresses , faces soiled with ash .
heat burned from below and flakes of ash twisted into the sky .
the scents of ash and sulphur were pungent , even at this distance .
the maw was black with ash and red from molten rock and blazing fires .
it did n't leave any ash behind .
soon , andor will be awash with the blood of our enemies and the great lord shall reign in fire and ash .
he could have sworn he 'd seen a patch of bare sky out the window , but the ash and smoky haze in the air made it difficult to tell .
black tendrils of it curled around him , and the heat of smoldering grass warmed his boots , but the fire had mostly burned out here atop the heights , leaving the ground dark with ash .
only then did he notice that his fingers were showing red among the black of the ash .
air blew about the blackened ground , raising flakes of ash , as weaves of air caught demandred and spun him about , depositing him on his feet with a clink , sword unsheathed .
to add emphasis , lori pointed dramatically with her cigarette , leaving a trail of ash on the cushions .
gray as ash .
i loved the glitter of the fire right beneath the thick gray ash of the coals .
they were now heaps of what looked like ash .
but even the ash was growing lighter , fainter .
slowly they turned and made their way back across the field of ash and cinders , to the narrow passage between the boulders , and began the long walk to the house in easy silence .
eyes watering , he let go of her , shocked at the white ash he left on her black robe .
it was the hunters , fallen where they had stood , each and every one covered with a fine ash , turning them into wraiths .
` ` it 's a gray powder , like ash , he said . ''
salt of salt requires a basic calcination procedure - basically , burning something down to white ash .
if there had been a large quantity of extract , burning it down to ash might have taken hours or days even , but that night it took only about half an hour for the first round of heat to reduce the resin to a dark gray ash .
if there had been a large quantity of extract , burning it down to ash might have taken hours or days even , but that night it took only about half an hour for the first round of heat to reduce the resin to a dark gray ash .
the green vitriol had burned into a white ash , as i 'd hoped .
i poured the ash into a mortar and gave it a very quick grind to ensure all the crystals had pulverized .
on top of the sulfur and ash mixture , i poured the rest of the prototype antipotion john had made .
stay down , but if anyone gets too close , shoot them until you see ash . ''
my firing squad fell in a row , their bodies dissipating into ash as soon as they touched the ground .
i stopped shooting only when the butcher 's body turned into ash .
it did n't work , probably because i was in a small icebox with two piles of minion ash on the floor and a chopped - up body less than five feet away .
for a second , i 'd thought the ash pile next to me had shifted .
inside were bits of birch , hazel , rowan , ash , and willow .
nothing remained of the creature but a small pile of gray ash .
the hearth was coated with a fine layer of ancient ash , like a soft , gray snow , and by the time i was finished , it streaked my skin to the elbow .
i was seven or eight when a conflagration spread through our neighborhood in boston and leaped across several houses before attacking st . john the divine and the funeral parlor next to it ; by morning , the houses were gone and the church was blackened with smoke and ash .
my sisters and i went down to watch the action , and in particular , to see the bodies come out : coffins covered in a layer of silt and ash , bodies bundled in tarpaulin and half burned away , bits of hair and fingernail .
outside , the sun was blazing , and the sky was white as ash .
he pulled the cigar from his drooly mouth and flicked ash into an ashtray shaped like a palm tree .
the fire in the grate had long since died to cold white ash , and without the light from the gasoliers , the room was swathed in a seemingly impenetrable darkness .
the intensity of his speech dislodged a cigar ash , which traveled majestically down his front like a boulder rolling down an alp .
for women , i can remember , mother hot ash , mother red rose , or like my own mothers name , snow flower .
he flicked the ash from his fingers .
pushing the iron crane off to one side , she tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear , and , kneeling on the sooty bricks , began shoveling ash from out of the pit beneath the bake oven .
both mildred and ophelia guffawed , pitiless as amy 's cheeks reddened beneath their sooty glaze of ash smoke .
plucking the wilted roses from the vase , she crossed the room and dropped them into the ash can .
there was a hearth off to the side what was surely once a soaring fire was now a pile of ash , as sad as a pile of fallen feathers .
he is there when my forests burn down , and i am there when the saplings grow out of the ash .
and hades who marched at the front of the massive column of ash and dust and dirt and rotting flesh he led the army because he wanted to be the first to reach olympus .
people from the mainland could see the volcano clearly they looked on in horror as more and more steam , then smoke , then ash , began to boil up into the heavens .
the ash gathered in the sky , distorting the sun people who looked at the sun swore they saw the red sunlight dripping down like blood .
the waves of smoke and ash washed over the shores , and the cloud reached the first of what would be many villages .
it was nt long until the entire village was lost in the darkness , the ash filling every pore .
several feet of ash had snowed down on the village , and nothing moved nothing would ever move in that village again .
as the storm moved through the plains and the valleys , sculpting the landscape with dirty ash , the cloud cried .
but now , as they looked down at the path of ash that they made , they saw nothing but death .
every acre of land covered in ash was another parcel of land to add to his kingdom .
soon , the whole world would be enveloped in ash and death , and then hades would be the master of all .
the shades watched with sadness as fishermen along the shore choked to death on the ash that thundered past .
if we do nt stop those shades , the entire world will be plunged into a never - ending winter of ash and night .
farms , villages , ports , even entire cities were buried under feet and feet of ash and dust .
because , for every person that choked to death from the ash , a new soldier joined the ranks of the shades .
athena glanced back at a pale hephaestus , chalky with the falling ash , and shouted , stay with the group , no matter what !
when the other olympians looked at a shade , all they saw was a wispy silhouette of dust and ash .
they had not realized it during their fierce battle , but when the shades invaded the world , they had left behind a march of snowy ash .
and so hades looked : he saw the entire world white with ash .
apollo hesitated and reached down into the volcanic ash , to pull out the roots and fell the tree .
the pastures have been turned gray with ash , the lakes taste bitter , and the forests are crackling with fire .
melaina looked down at her feet , the sandals kleito had given her covered with ash .
inside was the fireplace covered in ash , glowing charcoal , bones , and the slaughter stone stained by blood , oil , and wine .
pam knocked the ash off her cigarette and took a sip of coffee , that is why i am so worried .
spiritualists , or at least some of the older and better mediums , know of apports , by which material objects can appear out of thin air or be transported from far away ; sai baba was famous for bringing heaps of healing ash out of thin air .
or rubbed with a bit of sugar and salt ash .
the best ones are made of yew , but they 're also made from ash and elm . ''
that deep into winter the steppe where grew the famous tartar grass was an ash - grey crust , dark grit dunes .
from its tripod stand she hoisted yesugeis tuq , a twelve - foot spear of ash with an iron ring for the tails and a counterweight iron butt .
he crushed the papers with undue savagery before throwing them into the fireplace , and watched them catch flame and burn into ash in an instant .
he wished his brother would die in molten ash !
her face , hair and clothes were gray with ash and soot and so were angelinas .
she opened the door to her room and her heart sank when she saw it was covered with a thin grey layer of ash .
her closet door had been open and ash was all over her clothes .
you re hardly ugly , you ve just got some ash on you , that s all .
because you just got a tour of your burned down house and all your belongings turned to ash and the one thing that upsets you the most is you ve got soot on your face !
she pulled out charred sticks and ash that had once been the owls nest and threw these to the ground .
the fire crackled and a few sparks scattered across the stone hearth , quickly turning to ash .
and the doctorhis name was ash , by the way , trevor ash as it happensthe doctor took a personal interest in the boy , well , man , really .
and the doctorhis name was ash , by the way , trevor ash as it happensthe doctor took a personal interest in the boy , well , man , really .
the pain gave me an anchor , a hard core of glowing ember that kept the fury in my chest from burning away to powdered ash .
pamela was hoisting a scared looking ash grey kitten above her head , which presumably her mother told her to treat more gently , because she immediately lowered it and then cradled it against her chest .
i informed everyone of his passing , and as expected , all were consternated with the news , and most went up to the temple with their clothes tattered and faces covered in ash .
athaliahs heart has burnt , he said , with a strange fire : we will cause it to become ash , like these burnt books .
it is also famous as one of the few ancient cities that can now be seen in almost its original splendor , because unlike pompeii , its burial was so deep as to ensure building 's upper levels remained intact , and the hotter ash preserved wooden household objects ( beds , doors etc . )
along with herculaneum , pompeii was partially destroyed and buried under 4 to 6 m ( 13 to 20 ft ) of ash and pumice in the eruption of mount vesuvius in ad 79 .
as my vision improved i could make out our host , sitting cross - legged beside his little fire place , now a small pile of white ash on the stones .
less than 200 years later , the volcano was belching dark ash and bombarded the town with tephra that buried the town of cagsawa .
due to the accumulation of atmospheric ash , a sad and tragic year without a summer followed .
aleck tore the sheets into small pieces which he dropped onto the burning coals , each small batch consumed before he added another , until the last few scraps were smoke and ash .
months of fighting had worn him out , consumed his strength like a fire burned wood into cold ash .
he knelt down and pushed ash off what was left of the princes face .
merhets lower jaw fell open , ash dribbling from where the lips had been .
as sebek brushed away more ash , arms , hands and fingers lost shape and crumbled .
she grabbed warm ash from the fire and rubbed it over the smear of honey , driving off the mosquitoes .
she then washed off the ash and exposed the honey .
they ran to swipe ash on themselves .
in moments , they were throwing ash at each other , giggling like children .
seeing the new knowledge working in their eyes , even through their play , theormi proceeded by picking up an infant and rubbing it with ash .
the villagers chattered , passed the infant amongst them , explaining to each other in squeals how the ash shielded the child from mosquitoes and their diseases .
the beds were made and the hearth free of ash .
archer : the wrong girl ( 1st freak house # 1 ) playing with fire ( 1st freak house # 2 ) heart burn ( 1st freak house # 3 ) the memory keeper ( 2nd freak house # 1 ) the medium ( emily chambers spirit medium # 1 ) possession ( emily chambers spirit medium # 2 ) evermore ( emily chambers spirit medium # 3 ) the charmer ( assassins guild # 1 ) the rebel ( assassins guild # 2 ) the saint ( assassins guild # 3 ) her secret desire ( lord hawkesbury 's players # 1 ) scandal 's mistress ( lord hawkesbury 's players # 2 ) to tempt the devil ( lord hawkesbury 's players # 3 ) honor bound ( the witchblade chronicles book # 1 ) kiss of ash ( the witchblade chronicles # 2 ) courting his countess surrender redemption the mercenary 's price about the author c.j .
he then approached the pit of gray ash , and after lowering himself onto his haunches , extended a hand over the ash and was not surprised at the absence of heat .
he then approached the pit of gray ash , and after lowering himself onto his haunches , extended a hand over the ash and was not surprised at the absence of heat .
its mostly ash beds now indistinguishable from beams .
it reminded him of the tea at the derby works that had been brewing all morning , but with a plenty of sugar and a subtle hint of cigarette ash , followed by a bitter aftertaste reminiscent of that first espresso on the boat .
she gazed past the nonchalant kempaitai men , out of the window and beyond the rubble and ash of the bombed city , to the clear , blue summer sky , allowing herself just a moment to dream of what could lie under that same sky in a more peaceful future .
they made their own presence and intention clear with the oncoming sound of their jeep , which ploughed a singular furrow in ben 's direction through the bomb damaged tokyo street , pulling up along side him with a screech of the brakes and a flourish of air - raid induced ash and dust from the tyres .
he stuck the cigar in a big pan full of ashes and stubs , ash floating into the air .
philip stood , walked to the fireplace , and shifted the dust and ash with the toe of his boot .
as for food , i remembered our dried goods in the tin box and there it was in the ash , quite badly burned , but inside it was some jerked beef .
at first only with charcoal bits and white ash from the fire , then with berry juice and a mix of ochre red he found in the wash of the creek .
are nt you supposed to burn to ash in the sun ?
it would rise in fire , and ash , and bill the devil would preside over its destruction , his eyes flashing lightning .
for a moment tarquinius feared the fire would burst out and claim him ; then the pyre collapsed inwards , and the fire burst upwards in a great searing flame and a flurry of sparks , before the thump of falling timber and the outwards burst of ash and grit .
here , the ancestors were gone to sifted ash ; they kept the masks , as they did in tarchna , but that was all .
in her time , and with that thought came the anxiety that she 'd been superseded , and was already a shadow and a nothing , long before the fires were readied to make her ash - a shadow , living like a ghost in a rome that was no longer hers .
my uncle stepped to his right , deflected two spears with his shield and then slashed the other one aside with his blade , the heavy steel easily shattering the ash stave .
he was holding a spear , made of ash and topped with an iron head shaped like a leaf .
alongside him was an ash spear .
some were building a new hut near us and were pounding in the upright posts to make a frame from ash trunks .
then they brought their spears down so they pointed towards us and with a clattering of ash staves on oak boards , we copied their move .
maybe i hesitated for just a second , for it never reached him : the grizzled old veteran at his side hacked down at my ash stave with his sword , snapping it in two and leaving me with a useless stump .
he looked about for an ash tray , found none , so instead tapped his cigar ash on the floor .
he looked about for an ash tray , found none , so instead tapped his cigar ash on the floor .
he tapped the cigarette ash onto the floor .
the ash sizzled in the cold egg remains .
the ash tray held a single cigar that had burned out , leaving a trail of ashes .
a helmetless knight on horseback , his mail and face begrimed by flying ash , sweat and the tension of the last few days , approached the king and bowed his head respectfully .
second , i would probably train the men in the use of the macedonian twenty - two foot ash spears .
polonius ordered that the men be armed with the twenty - two foot - length ash spears , as well as large rectangular shields .
the remains of a burnt - out fire lay below it , now nothing more than a cold pile of ash .
i leapt back and watched him turn to dust and ash .
the ash and debris fall like a light sprinkling of snow , most of it is the fallout from nuclear weapons going off somewhere .
the air has an overwhelming odor to it , not just of fire and ash but of death itself .
pieces of ash and soot fell down like rain .
the kiss tastes like whiskeyand ash .
when he opened it , scribbled in what looked like charcoal or ash was a single word : bondye crazy ol bastard , he said and looked at the paper .
four more bodies were thrown into the pile of ash and bones , each one burst into flame .
he kicked one of the charred skulls across the yard where it shattered into ash .
he crept back into the basement expecting to find a pile of blackened bones and ash just as marty white had been when the sunlight ripped through his remains .
bits of skin fell off as ash .
they were covered in blood and ash .
on the lower half of the bank , the trees that had nt been burned were black and charred , and all their leaves lay in piles of ash at their bases .
as she kicked up the rubble , she stopped over a particular spot of ash .
though she scrubbed and sudded and soaked , she could still smell the sickening cinnamon , burnt flesh and bone , and char and ash .
when it was over , there was nothing left in the container but steel tables and instruments , a lumpy mess where the spewing device previously stood , ash and bones .
but all he could see was the lump of ash inside the urn at the periphery of his vision .
bulldozer - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 bulldozer 570 the 404 a 277 i 269 and 247 of 224 to 180 in 149 my 117 was 104 his 100 he 88 on 81 you 75 it 66 for 66 from 65 me 64 with 63 that 55 as 47 at 39 said 38 had 37 an 37 is 34 hicks 34 him 32 this 31 i ' m 31 or 31 into 30 got 29 no 28 what 27 her 26 all 25 were 25 if 25 be 24 not 23 your 23 here 23 did n't 23 man 23 up 23 but 21 by 21 like 21 through 20 she 20 more 20 when 19 about 19 are 18 off 18 they 18 we 18 after 18 did 18 i 'd 18 some 18 do 18 out 17 do n't 17 rueben 16 who 16 back 16 them 16 over 15 get 15 he 's 15 eyes 15 one 15 so 15 too 15 been 14 its 14 octavia 14 where 14 another 14 now 14 butler 13 there 13 violet 13 was n't 13 than 13 came 13 three 13 these 12 murtaugh 12 that 's 12 have 12 trosper 12 mouth 12 you 're 12 before 11 black 11 right 11 under 11 might 11 it 's 11 i 'll 11 ever 11 how 11 time 10 sheriff 10 gone 10 could 10 down 10 pinkerton 10 face 10 long 10 dust 10 hand 10 first 9 even 9 would 9 something 9 jake 9 many 9 koenig 9 just 9 left 9 come 9 know 9 mullen 9 their 9 take 9 see 9 has 9 tell 9 enough 9 room 8 can 8 men 8 think 8 hell 8 nothing 8 old 8 he 'd 8 way 8 little 8 say 8 iron 8 took 8 water 8 whole 8 professor 8 close 8 any 8 most 8 then 8 mr 8 thought 8 hung 8 camp 8 across 8 while 8 head 7 told 7 open 7 hair 7 dead 7 ai n't 7 two 7 each 7 much 7 seen 7 gun 7 circus 7 made 7 once 7 ca n't 7 purdon 7 hotel 7 gold 6 really 6 few 6 p 6 real 6 girl 6 behind 6 t 6 every 6 care 6 own 6 our 6 hands 6 great 6 work 6 went 6 light 6 again 6 still 6 upon 6 nice 6 barnum 6 blood 6 whiskey 6 make 6 you ' ve 6 glass 6 i ' ve 6 why 6 day 6 hole 6 what 's 6 always 6 lost 6 holes 6 she 's 6 well 6 world 6 yes 6 teeth 6 ranch 6 until 6 fellow 6 around 5 knew 5 people 5 honeybee 5 earth 5 mining 5 red 5 fingers 5 butler 's 5 want 5 late 5 oh 5 never 5 lips 5 belphegor 5 mister 5 girls 5 later 5 thick 5 pistol 5 without 5 forty - mile 5 leaves 5 new 5 money 5 ceiling 5 only 5 good 5 probably 5 least 5 others 5 against 5 between 5 tommy 5 am 5 dunno 5 because 5 o ' 5 train 5 pinky 5 ground 5 hard 5 best 5 shot 5 floor 5 you 'll 5 turned 5 bottle 5 days 5 town 5 thing 5 along 5 years 5 above 4 twenty 4 eye 4 things 4 somethin ' 4 bar 4 yellow 4 house 4 longrifle 4 boy 4 folks 4 rather 4 die 4 gets 4 four 4 fire 4 levi 4 jonah 4 near 4 blue 4 corruption 4 god 4 arm 4 bloody 4 maybe 4 months 4 dear 4 shit 4 conversation 4 getting 4 brothers 4 rest 4 shadows 4 sure 4 miles 4 father 4 among 4 stop 4 chan 4 there 's 4 rain 4 knows 4 cedar 4 dry 4 stars 4 heard 4 weeks 4 sun 4 last 4 next 4 almost 4 uh 4 yet 4 inside 4 book 4 put 4 though 4 could ' ve 4 deputy 4 other 4 except 4 himself 4 fathermother 4 friend 4 stood 4 asked 4 is n't 4 done 4 baby 4 give 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 may 4 believe 4 grove 4 madame 4 also 4 small 4 found 4 pay 4 ask 4 cigarette 4 fell 4 read 4 window 4 ancient 4 fun 4 christ 4 o 4 desk 4 completely 4 door 4 belly 4 brain 4 lay 4 place 4 saw 3 taken 3 going 3 wait 3 presence 3 dalton 3 ladies 3 flesh 3 goddamned 3 top 3 front 3 hear 3 figured 3 drunk 3 keep 3 better 3 boot 3 watch 3 doc 3 city 3 person 3 job 3 white 3 does 3 everything 3 whorehouse 3 perfect 3 piers 3 business 3 eating 3 sticks 3 hate 3 bad 3 streams 3 drink 3 recently 3 who 'd 3 here 's 3 ears 3 meat 3 according 3 hill 3 pick 3 nerves 3 shoot 3 dresser 3 lord 3 dark 3 san 3 sky 3 spoke 3 damned 3 california 3 case 3 boulder 3 variety 3 ago 3 away 3 cold 3 realm 3 lad 3 split 3 gave 3 run 3 oil 3 please 3 everybody 3 union 3 couple 3 accepted 3 bed 3 soon 3 rock 3 particular 3 smiled 3 several 3 chair 3 order 3 legs 3 started 3 second 3 love 3 pretty 3 lying 3 voice 3 weight 3 awful 3 wretched 3 let 3 sweet 3 look 3 hat 3 wall 3 very 3 became 3 strongman 3 indeed 3 west 3 campion 3 ring 3 suit 3 plenty 3 less 3 skull 3 francisco 3 branches 3 big 3 themselves 3 sent 3 dim 3 smelled 3 clothes 3 snifter 3 parts 3 parlor 3 somebody 3 mind 3 cleaned 3 seemed 3 needle 3 demons 3 drew 3 since 3 boys 3 appeared 3 nobody 3 tone 3 watched 3 sucked 3 wanted 3 wants 3 stream 3 myself 3 worse 3 dope 3 office 3 travel 3 yeah 3 shoulder 3 says 3 recalled 3 mother 3 rifle 3 being 3 could n't 3 ah 3 jesus 3 cowboy 3 waited 3 which 3 far 3 sheriff 's 3 miner 3 ha 3 nearly 3 easy 3 coming 3 railroad 3 held 3 finally 3 cave 3 such 3 scattered 3 human 3 hills 3 cell 3 showed 3 eats 3 mud 3 throat 3 name 3 bar - h 3 box 3 mentioned 3 bout 3 slapped 3 anything 3 she 'd 3 mean 3 brought 3 began 3 mark 3 magic 3 harm 3 grinned 3 effect 3 perhaps 3 piano 3 langston 2 dropped 2 load 2 mighty 2 married 2 gray 2 interview 2 imagine 2 studied 2 wild 2 seeing 2 lots 2 portal 2 thank 2 reckon 2 trigger 2 worked 2 hats 2 check 2 death 2 nature 2 slung 2 everyone 2 stretch 2 wo n't 2 south 2 partially 2 sawbones 2 doubtless 2 barrel 2 sweating 2 coats 2 show 2 beeg 2 should 2 promised 2 stone 2 minister 2 mention 2 rocks 2 yours 2 poor 2 abilities 2 waiting 2 lucky 2 knowledge 2 widows 2 yourself 2 arms 2 pile 2 peek 2 evening 2 deal 2 personal 2 wrinkled 2 happy 2 table 2 line 2 philadelphia 2 sonofabitch 2 pulse 2 spat 2 secrets 2 expression 2 maggots 2 young 2 brow 2 tuttle 2 eventually 2 drinking 2 shelves 2 nasty 2 wet 2 mine 2 doing 2 tumbled 2 universe 2 tree 2 hours 2 stole 2 ashes 2 during 2 wasting 2 contracts 2 darkness 2 foreign 2 scrub 2 whispered 2 age 2 call 2 save 2 foot 2 tad 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 pressed 2 who 's 2 today 2 talk 2 hoochie - koochie 2 natural 2 easily 2 pot 2 begets 2 nope 2 pounded 2 beast 2 bulldozer 2 handkerchief 2 listened 2 feet 2 suggest 2 melted 2 smoking 2 expected 2 mercy 2 mail 2 frisco 2 somewhere 2 infernal 2 twitched 2 coffee 2 life 2 talking 2 shifting 2 wheels 2 bumblebee 2 wrong 2 terrible 2 brand 2 crap 2 cattle 2 shuddered 2 fast 2 dull 2 visit 2 swilling 2 bitch 2 mistake 2 surface 2 sailed 2 fuck - ing 2 crack 2 those 2 trick 2 tab 2 unsteady 2 abe 2 poke 2 picked 2 primitive 2 east 2 whores 2 purple 2 kept 2 crawled 2 wound 2 grin 2 understand 2 saloon 2 dynamite 2 passed 2 introduced 2 happened 2 shame 2 nail 2 lynched 2 smart 2 answer 2 waved 2 mouths 2 jaws 2 brother 2 goes 2 frame 2 crouched 2 notice 2 home 2 tales 2 large 2 superior 2 wickedness 2 sense 2 neck 2 medical 2 dropping 2 legend 2 grand 2 end 2 miss 2 theory 2 pictures 2 strike 2 expect 2 yawns 2 letter 2 seems 2 piece 2 sticky 2 lead 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 hollow 2 cousin 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 interested 2 bound 2 heaven 2 leg 2 fall 2 smoke 2 lobby 2 egypt 2 emerged 2 states 2 rueben 's 2 boots 2 feeling 2 molly 2 nose 2 mule 2 nothin ' 2 dictionnaire 2 rubbed 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 confederates 2 full 2 s 2 reality 2 changed 2 smile 2 tom 2 anyone 2 pleasant 2 suck 2 hoped 2 blown 2 muscle 2 crushed 2 velvet 2 ten 2 kid 2 moist 2 filthy 2 storm 2 schuylkill 2 hello 2 title 2 miners 2 wind 2 cover 2 ned 2 will 2 skin 2 part 2 fa 2 settle 2 fact 2 wrist 2 swelled 2 moon 2 victim 2 means 2 stairs 2 barnum 's 2 hey 2 missionary 2 strong 2 frankly 2 handle 2 balanced 2 eh 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 wilderness 2 guy 's 2 recovered 2 retired 2 pipe 2 de 2 dance 2 decided 2 six 2 unfortunately 2 stuck 2 notes 2 fanciful 2 toward 2 washed 2 hold 2 died 2 hit 2 accidents 2 named 2 crowd 2 cheeks 2 allow 2 hanging 2 property 2 orders 2 born 2 ones 2 ass 2 murderer 2 friends 2 lotta 2 music 2 gong 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 feed 2 profit 2 likely 2 speaks 2 savage 2 settled 2 gag 2 laughing 2 spell 2 kill 2 looked 2 eediot 2 older 2 hundred 2 course 2 suppose 2 funny 2 must 2 lit 2 faces 2 american 2 pocket 2 occurred 2 ash 2 propped 2 view 2 hero 2 faculties 2 bullets 2 soft 2 tongue 2 culture 2 dressed 2 have n't 2 broken 2 condition 2 pale 2 tiny 2 coolie 2 walking 2 jake 's 2 fascination 2 detective 2 stench 2 meant 2 idea 2 empty 2 inspected 2 thief 2 rough 2 muddy 2 orphans 2 used 2 figure 2 shouts 2 evolved 2 true 2 seed 2 nor 2 looks 2 flour 2 maguires 2 windows 2 pact 2 scratched 2 daylight 2 kavanaugh 2 sign 2 laughed 2 walk 2 number 2 surely 2 glowed 2 roses 2 iris 2 rag 2 ponderous 2 names 2 question 2 breaking 2 admit 2 does n't 2 wagon 2 dread 2 chinaman 2 pungent 2 fella 2 click 2 sort 2 game 2 drank 2 collect 2 swallow 2 pink 2 shanties 2 cut 2 plugged 2 sacrifice 2 sir 2 screams 2 impossible 2 rolling 2 try 2 talkin ' 2 evelyn 2 mama 2 paint 2 prospectors 2 pines 2 played 2 evil 2 amber 2 edge 2 script 2 guess 2 present 2 heavy 2 headed 2 waves 2 smythe 2 afraid 2 either 2 handsome 2 tried 2 would n't 2 walked 2 enjoy 2 exhaust 2 noticed 2 dirt 2 tossed 2 closed 2 beaumont 2 filled 2 daddy 2 cannibal 2 list 2 glance 2 seem 2 suddenly 2 pages 2 extremely 2 babies 2 boiled 2 street 2 cloud 2 affair 2 opens 2 short 2 use 2 poster 2 week 2 chance 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 investigation 2 vest 2 grabbed 2 glasses 2 ride 2 ice 2 huh 2 showgirl 2 needles 2 mutual 2 brown 2 folk 2 accompany 2 bet 2 nearby 2 drop 2 returned 2 moved 2 live 2 kiss 2 bumped 2 decay 2 high 2 tsk 2 freak 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 descended 1 intensified 1 learned 1 ooh 1 modest 1 beats 1 london 1 coal 1 hugely 1 serve 1 obviously 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 no - good 1 cock 1 writ 1 rigid 1 hash 1 belonged 1 spade 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 sluggish 1 threshold 1 custom 1 stiffs 1 bellows 1 cylinder 1 sinewy 1 ichor 1 slack 1 seams 1 widened 1 half - seas 1 supernatural 1 seal 1 hunching 1 orbiting 1 silly 1 figures 1 photograph 1 cracked 1 close - quarters 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 elaborate 1 lights 1 pawn 1 riverbank 1 elbows 1 seasoned 1 bit 1 prim 1 lubbock 1 bakersfield 1 miracle 1 birds 1 gawd 's 1 k 1 campion 's 1 placed 1 pasty 1 peasant 1 considers 1 god 's 1 wanker 1 swig 1 gams 1 girth 1 type 1 fair 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 hauled 1 lonely 1 cool 1 smirked 1 shamed 1 share 1 yankee 1 fearthegash 1 sheets 1 philosophical 1 initials 1 dandelion 1 situation 1 naked 1 cheers 1 ashore 1 note 1 slobbery 1 8 1 mayfly 1 loaded 1 fight 1 america 's 1 colossal 1 wails 1 resembled 1 matter 1 flopped 1 finality 1 owned 1 swam 1 wobbled 1 vomited 1 formerly 1 crown 1 astronomy 1 bonus 1 pleasures 1 afternoon 1 ades 1 egg - sucker 's 1 treated 1 source 1 cept 1 thunderclap 1 environs 1 local 1 sink 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 certain 1 singsong 1 baptist 1 squatted 1 superhuman 1 education 1 meeting 1 musk 1 bunch 1 geography 1 employ 1 puckered 1 claim - jumping 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 prayer 1 excuse 1 ass - end 1 keeper 1 hackett 1 farts 1 ceremony 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 1 1 bellyful 1 suspicion 1 nests 1 hive 1 government 1 skinning 1 delaying 1 chicago 1 reverse 1 sobering 1 york 1 lack 1 occasionally 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 african 1 brogue 1 preternatural 1 breath 1 suggestively 1 labium 1 immediately 1 holy 1 peasantry 1 parallax 1 fresh 1 hatch 1 return 1 attendant 1 tack 1 blue - collar 1 megalopolises 1 wears 1 steely 1 snail 1 officially 1 river 1 hibernia 1 fine 1 quarry 1 windy 1 reconcile 1 bronzed 1 20 1 supply 1 em 1 tralalala 1 blush 1 cutter 1 glistens 1 feeding 1 78 1 utterly 1 matted 1 trailed 1 excess 1 already 1 thighs 1 cracks 1 properly 1 gratifying 1 tinkling 1 exchange 1 navigate 1 pitching 1 doffs 1 hip 1 carvings 1 consumes 1 probbly 1 veteran 1 stains 1 fugue 1 appetites 1 drugs 1 thigh 1 flash 1 fold 1 gig 1 delights 1 champion 1 word 1 building 1 stolidly 1 stare 1 pelts 1 debauchery 1 maggot 1 hissed 1 infrequently 1 pillar 1 suspicions 1 reformed 1 owner 1 banker 1 pearl 1 squalid 1 clowns 1 prancing 1 carnivore 's 1 26 1 recognize 1 kissed 1 green 1 sashay 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 lawmen 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 sweaty 1 chthonian 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 whenever 1 rituals 1 furnace 1 fled 1 sidled 1 ventilated 1 hallelujah 1 vast 1 wonderful 1 impressed 1 quailed 1 reflection 1 fungus 1 shat 1 starter 1 set 1 navel 1 obvious 1 flames 1 y'beat 1 spoiled 1 detail 1 smacked 1 sputtered 1 squint 1 met 1 lawman 1 flared 1 houses 1 assassins 1 satyr 1 swooped 1 performed 1 saint 1 tributaries 1 smitten 1 passive 1 colloidal 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 half - mast 1 burial 1 loco 1 senseless 1 bring 1 reflexively 1 deeds 1 scrawl 1 benefactor 1 sight 1 dragged 1 trunk 1 decipher 1 glitzy 1 winchester 1 arrived 1 functionally 1 cabinet 1 scourged 1 sponge 1 relented 1 tale 1 driven 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 print 1 breadth 1 misdeed 1 pound 1 gangrene 1 lighted 1 rushing 1 offered 1 glimpsed 1 e 1 although 1 male 1 shut 1 iconoclast 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 players 1 bore 1 motes 1 thy 1 obloodyhole 1 regular 1 insomuch 1 pass 1 moonlighters 1 unloved 1 peak 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 humbly 1 creation 1 catacomb 1 habits 1 mankind 's 1 caste 1 mobs 1 wallowing 1 ambit 1 snarling 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 grip 1 hallucinogens 1 bangin ' 1 flares 1 pseudomonarchia 1 sackcloth 1 invent 1 wrapped 1 existence 1 nicely 1 pots 1 shank 's 1 backwoods 1 deliberately 1 rugged 1 go 1 candles 1 rawboned 1 cowpunchers 1 chink 1 5 1 twanged 1 third 1 dumped 1 dense 1 orchestra 1 intents 1 mostly 1 valuables 1 kapow - kapow 1 mattress 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 disease 1 honeycomb 1 boston 1 fellas 1 baltimore 1 shock 1 fabulously 1 hilltop 1 anyway 1 concubine 1 occasion 1 below 1 streets 1 chaotically 1 slouching 1 lordy 1 twitch 1 fair - sized 1 frozen 1 picture - clear 1 o'clock 1 saracens 1 sculpted 1 cosmos 1 hot 1 horrible 1 speak 1 communion 1 a - prospecting 1 frightful 1 mystery 1 25 1 intoxicating 1 threat 1 laying 1 dad 1 character 1 sad 1 businessmen 1 grateful 1 bills 1 squeaking 1 warned 1 stuff 1 lady 1 painted 1 faint 1 wooly 1 plain 1 bleeding 1 scrawny 1 sawbuck 1 sagging 1 plantagenet 1 sock 1 infinite 1 bowie 1 naw 1 chipped 1 distorted 1 raining 1 boulders 1 symbols 1 escort 1 items 1 cramped 1 judging 1 howdy 1 crooned 1 pretense 1 key 1 we 'll 1 understandin ' 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 hard - working 1 shaved 1 magnified 1 plan 1 he 'll 1 occultist 1 idolatry 1 ticking 1 ulysses 1 details 1 monstrous 1 appear 1 wellspring 1 significant 1 extended 1 devours 1 area 1 carmine 1 amazed 1 colder 1 childhood 1 cook 1 mask 1 reverberated 1 chum 1 height 1 knoll 1 forty 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 dog 1 thou 1 splash 1 shoved 1 divinity 1 fret 1 wading 1 severed 1 mink - slick 1 forbidden ' 1 post 1 oblivion 1 moab 1 yer 1 2 1 bathroom 1 wattles 1 smoothed 1 comes 1 fix 1 barrelhouses 1 card 1 slope 1 pooled 1 traveler 1 accelerated 1 varnish 1 definition 1 drover 1 low - cut 1 upkeep 1 cult 1 crystal 1 honors 1 pig 1 dawn 1 bang 1 rig 1 galactic 1 copernicus 1 dislocated 1 nemesis 1 primordial 1 weathered 1 climbed 1 hungry 1 affected 1 swipes 1 honey 1 dreamy 1 atheist 1 flint 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 inquired 1 terrified 1 rambling 1 starched 1 escapes 1 lane 1 caught 1 weak 1 bender 1 blast 1 opener 1 luck 1 currency 1 blame 1 digestion 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 glint 1 bag 1 sea 1 tie 1 release 1 routine 1 deadly 1 colonial 1 misshapen 1 mucking 1 directions 1 compiled 1 accordin ' 1 19 1 speck 1 sharing 1 snake 1 loitering 1 disjointed 1 vacant 1 dream 1 assured 1 muddled 1 unlit 1 hick 's 1 anybody 1 clutch 1 parasitic 1 chances 1 rotten 1 embroidered 1 lifting 1 stash 1 humid 1 bubbling 1 main 1 philly 1 cullins 1 calculation 1 lesson 1 uns 1 holed 1 busting 1 godhead 1 single - shot 1 temple 1 alternative 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 silent 1 testimony 1 categorize 1 highbrows 1 cliff 1 dick 1 preamble 1 chemosh 1 player 1 riverfront 1 excellent 1 roots 1 gennulmen 1 newly 1 action 1 cards 1 tangled 1 opening 1 cordially 1 popped 1 fat 1 oblige 1 ssaa 1 bur 1 bare 1 orange 1 kentucky 1 wanting 1 moment 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 odd 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 slop 1 gravity 1 langston 's 1 energy 1 fixating 1 sediment 1 shades 1 humorless 1 wearing 1 church 1 mirror 1 vilest 1 mare 1 cannibalism 1 shacks 1 waxy 1 closing 1 silhouette 1 15 1 cyclone 1 nip 1 snapping 1 isolated 1 model 1 tang 1 quirking 1 pleasing 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 coliseum 1 blue - eyed 1 stack 1 pushed 1 chanting 1 hefted 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 betray 1 risk 1 withered 1 ticktock 1 caf 1 aroused 1 joyful 1 german 1 fussing 1 swapping 1 sudsy 1 drama 1 heat 1 brass 1 1886 1 hellbender 1 quick 1 billy 1 slow 1 rifles 1 21 1 unidentified 1 dare 1 poet 1 map 1 heeled 1 measured 1 shuttered 1 possibility 1 y'mean 1 beside 1 musta 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 match 1 suspicious 1 phantasm 1 fundamental 1 prouder 1 quivers 1 emanated 1 buyin ' 1 artifacts 1 climate 1 riding 1 crimped 1 ages 1 squalling 1 warmed 1 seam 1 counterpart 1 places 1 hop 1 rice 1 deaths 1 account 1 they 'd 1 running 1 pianist 1 poleaxed 1 whiff 1 alone 1 gash 1 intends 1 fires 1 we 're 1 combination 1 coveralls 1 faster 1 stinks 1 mass 1 primal 1 bell - shaped 1 tended 1 taylor 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 calcium 1 prove 1 ridin ' 1 osmosis 1 relation 1 thinkin ' 1 crone 's 1 beyond 1 lashes 1 six - gun 1 vitality 1 meanest 1 unwilling 1 together 1 brandished 1 original 1 ledger 1 bespectacled 1 score 1 ungrateful 1 anthropology 1 slew 1 indulging 1 bob 1 cough 1 guessed 1 formed 1 collin 1 dirty 1 photo 1 pit 1 stiff 1 trace 1 frail 1 mysterious 1 suggested 1 wherein 1 clearing 1 chunk 1 kinda 1 erate 1 embedded 1 goods 1 styled 1 y'mentioned 1 regulator 1 continent 1 wandered 1 snag 1 staked 1 possible 1 grimace 1 earnings 1 moths 1 plancy 1 cheap 1 barn 1 spooky 1 english 1 chan 's 1 advised 1 stared 1 beads 1 tune 1 poplar 1 frenchman 1 art 1 fairy 1 gunsmoke 1 hookahs 1 dialect 1 truly 1 woodwork 1 haunts 1 metal 1 poked 1 poured 1 feelings 1 plywood 1 feeds 1 crows 1 trail 1 balls 1 had n't 1 yield 1 protective 1 molar 1 provincial 1 shuffled 1 past 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 bunkum 1 jack 1 introductions 1 seat 1 sling 1 darwinian 1 kerosene 1 thoughts 1 scented 1 eddy 1 disappearances 1 wedge 1 sighs 1 hates 1 slaughterhouse 1 connie 1 harder 1 grandeur 1 inches 1 move 1 distance 1 contents 1 cemetery 1 preceded 1 decides 1 distend 1 baal - peeor 1 currently 1 fucking 1 unlock 1 determined 1 yonder 1 rocker 1 deepest 1 nah 1 moments 1 opened 1 enormous 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 remains 1 group 1 nerve 1 demise 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 intellect 1 decent 1 pronounced 1 murky 1 tenacious 1 provided 1 colt 1 clumped 1 plug 1 belt 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 tights 1 loner 1 gulped 1 lookee 1 lydia 1 snores 1 lawyer 1 violent 1 daubed 1 perforated 1 creature 1 built 1 origin 1 pagan 1 cook - fires 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 memory 1 darning 1 throats 1 permitting 1 bloodymaggots 1 fits 1 separated 1 reach 1 limestone 1 bones 1 dispute 1 george 's 1 git 1 locket 1 prudent 1 disowned 1 scarcely 1 memories 1 hunt 1 don ' 1 beautiful 1 sullen 1 brawls 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 stones 1 trembling 1 crook 1 become 1 casket 1 unlocked 1 violence 1 butt 1 shove 1 pistola 1 burned 1 history 1 supplies 1 perfume 1 sapiens 1 clank 1 anointed 1 exquisite 1 cork 1 jackson 1 11 1 flawed 1 communal 1 woman 1 obloodybowels 1 cowardly 1 grins 1 neat 1 cells 1 albuquerque 1 ankle 1 image 1 swing 1 generation 1 aware 1 scoundrel 's 1 unreal 1 not - too - uncomely 1 infiltrated 1 sorry - lookin ' 1 demonology 1 wallop 1 following 1 coveted 1 forgot 1 consolation 1 full - blown 1 planetoids 1 buckling 1 muzzy 1 feel 1 procession 1 unhappy 1 stable 1 mushrooms 1 vibration 1 gallows 1 hum 1 thirty - minute 1 whistled 1 intend 1 burg 1 soldier 's 1 scraggly 1 thinking 1 supple 1 plush 1 mile 1 assorted 1 heart 1 romantic 1 a - frame 1 ripper 1 consummated 1 four - fingers 1 mama 's 1 silver - chased 1 unfamiliar 1 opportunity 1 ebb 1 struggled 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 orchid 1 growing 1 eggs 1 supplicating 1 nursed 1 rotates 1 slumped 1 bribe 1 mechanical 1 scalding 1 ends 1 blowsy 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 esteemed 1 crossing 1 screwing 1 hillside 1 creek 1 pausing 1 canyon 1 reported 1 herself 1 kind 1 killin 's 1 roosters 1 agency 1 octavia 's 1 chew 1 triad 1 child 1 soundlessly 1 cognac 1 unclassified 1 lawman 's 1 transmogrifying 1 onto 1 subtracted 1 unfolded 1 lock 1 bastards 1 tipped 1 varmints 1 latin 1 fissure 1 buffalo 1 long - suffering 1 unpredictable 1 unto 1 thud 1 belphegorbelphegorbelphegor 1 steep 1 doped 1 intelligence 1 the- 1 buckle 1 cooled 1 penny 1 possess 1 cautiously 1 batted 1 needed 1 schnockered 1 piss - burned 1 uncovered 1 innocent 1 pal 1 billowed 1 banged 1 sugar 1 6 1 army 1 cigar 1 puddles 1 snort 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 skipping 1 rancid - sweet 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 technically 1 expensive 1 enjoyed 1 boondocks 1 18 1 breasts 1 scoff 1 gentlemen 1 expedient 1 grave 1 skinned 1 wide 1 examples 1 finger 1 pillow 1 gits 1 wish 1 grit 1 curiosities 1 iamcomeiamcome 1 halt 1 hatchet 1 start 1 godawful 1 goodness 1 cutting 1 squirrels 1 remotely 1 screw 1 shaft 1 calls 1 leather - bound 1 cementing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 civilized 1 slade 1 mixed 1 profile 1 fakir 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hovel 1 bruises 1 iteration 1 occasional 1 nod 1 shits 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 quickening 1 monarch 1 discover 1 loudly 1 tough 1 articulates 1 pieces 1 joins 1 ripping 1 half 1 jolting 1 bars 1 fifth 1 fistfuls 1 languid 1 chains 1 diamondback 1 recognized 1 limit 1 available 1 loves 1 trimmings 1 gin 1 folding 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 traveling 1 modern - day 1 hidden 1 cuban 1 however 1 qualify 1 detecting 1 ministrations 1 satiating 1 hiss 1 double 1 disgraced 1 repose 1 holmes 1 one 's 1 jim 1 acquired 1 beat 1 stung 1 strolls 1 bead 1 natives 1 glossy 1 squeeze 1 irony 1 violin 1 snuggled 1 heck 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 panned 1 colleagues 1 edwards 1 marks 1 leering 1 drowned 1 angels ' 1 sake 1 haunch 1 appropriated 1 genus 1 lamplight 1 rubbery 1 caveats 1 allowed 1 delicate 1 robert 1 kneading 1 material 1 year 1 cross 1 affright 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 argot 1 paris 1 shadow 1 regarding 1 sprawled 1 sprinkle 1 authorities 1 balaclava 1 fuzzy 1 polishing 1 slaughtered 1 roof 1 alderman 1 chummy 1 coattail 1 refined 1 shit - kickers 1 crawling 1 presidential 1 barbwire 1 slayings 1 3 1 rang 1 venture 1 threads 1 panes 1 wallet 1 equipped 1 slender 1 winnin ' 1 fluttered 1 surpassingly 1 delivered 1 grease 1 rocky 1 mountains 1 breakfast 1 foul 1 kin 1 cates 1 sounds 1 phallus 1 happen 1 transmitted 1 horn 1 palette 1 crabbed 1 accommodations 1 heel 1 ribbons 1 lady - of - the - house 1 knocked 1 mosaic 1 ugly 1 silently 1 limb 1 platform 1 sorts 1 covering 1 dredges 1 squeamish 1 average 1 remarkably 1 spurs 1 bites 1 seeped 1 disgorge 1 practices 1 dialogue 1 templar 1 combed 1 insane 1 shotgun 1 merchandise 1 joints 1 shifted 1 spackle 1 quite 1 yellow - bellied 1 shuck 1 benevolent 1 stayed 1 brace 1 half - moon 1 tore 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 galaxy 1 sewage 1 glassy 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 lockjaw 1 agency 's 1 swollen 1 proceedings 1 welsh 1 blind 1 thumbing 1 produced 1 warren 1 clever 1 tight 1 scuttling 1 grandad 1 eon 1 signed 1 were n't 1 component 1 recall 1 horsethief 1 astounding 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 dilated 1 sweat 1 popular 1 readin ' 1 exactly 1 blond 1 wheat - blonde 1 theater 1 captive 1 smashed 1 drag 1 chortling 1 digger 1 explosion 1 crush 1 groaned 1 coffin 1 defection 1 equipment 1 quagmire 1 dress 1 scorn 1 ambush 1 presumed 1 teak 1 sequoias 1 darkening 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 chi - town 1 making 1 blanket 1 hunting 1 brats 1 blunt 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 needing 1 breed 1 prickled 1 roll 1 axis 1 state 1 bear 1 showman 1 dabbled 1 drift 1 stow 1 matter - of - fact 1 john 1 y'might 1 anthropoid 1 rode 1 uncovers 1 steam 1 freshly 1 midst 1 descends 1 snuffled 1 tobacco 1 irishman 1 numerous 1 flat 1 circumstance 1 slime 1 annoyed 1 anthracite 1 elbow 1 22 1 joke 1 senior 1 darling 1 moabites 1 disbelief 1 connected 1 sans 1 behavior 1 escapades 1 swarming 1 sat 1 clears 1 vitus 1 tower 1 pardon 1 decadence 1 awoke 1 fly 1 lunatic 1 backwards 1 gasped 1 tinged 1 depending 1 urchin 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 analysis 1 collected 1 indecipherable 1 ticks 1 extravaganza 1 striped 1 behold 1 bobbed 1 toes 1 loping 1 collapsed 1 twinkly 1 gowns 1 snare 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 y'say 1 independent 1 satan - worshipping 1 maximize 1 approached 1 durin ' 1 paper 1 smash 1 lukewarm 1 food 1 flanks 1 remembered 1 crashing 1 raw 1 vision 1 devil 1 trickle 1 hoot 1 17 1 slice 1 sacrament 1 custody 1 cloth 1 bits 1 teeming 1 bright 1 satan 1 circle 1 foamin ' 1 roman 1 worms 1 pentagrams 1 fascinated 1 sauntering 1 fate 1 earth 's 1 cast 1 flunked 1 felt 1 indicate 1 cockeyed 1 sods 1 free 1 vertically 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 attacking 1 invitation 1 extremists 1 labor 1 yuh 1 m 1 semi - erect 1 bags 1 industry 1 evolution 1 palm 1 harry 1 burning 1 temporarily 1 sensuous 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 larger 1 7 1 odor 1 suffers 1 unhelpful 1 tip 1 dangled 1 carcass 1 grew 1 flannels 1 litters 1 chewed 1 rat 1 younger 1 night 's 1 grows 1 reinvented 1 fault 1 lavender 1 function 1 scorched 1 fiend 1 shade 1 bawdy 1 pony 1 gon na 1 when 's 1 mist 1 rumor 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 weightless 1 thees 1 boss 1 raised 1 ticked 1 spread 1 wake 1 loom 1 dribbled 1 slack - jawed 1 city 's 1 yesiree 1 ogle 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 hike 1 terrestrial 1 excrement 1 cultural 1 vermiculate 1 fittin ' 1 lugged 1 location 1 prescience 1 protest 1 luminance 1 chain 1 ragtime 1 encouraged 1 trinkets 1 violet 's 1 lopped 1 deterioration 1 performers 1 movin ' 1 sundries 1 busy 1 moon 's 1 sanitarium 1 lump 1 intrigued 1 brush 1 corrupted 1 missing 1 glynna 1 focus 1 hisself 1 chattering 1 securing 1 mongrel 1 article 1 imports 1 deadeye 1 space 1 chat 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 symptom 1 ade 1 truth 1 territory 1 wedged 1 dealers 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 won 1 plymouth 1 struck 1 boggling 1 detected 1 selling 1 addict 1 crusader 1 female 1 positive 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 phantoms 1 murtaugh 's 1 juggernaut 1 plexus 1 ruts 1 reeked 1 snowing 1 riveted 1 sawdust 1 career 1 rapidly 1 automata 1 sacked 1 apes 1 visited 1 pope 1 terrific 1 valleys 1 drum 1 offer 1 southpaw 1 moan 1 collar 1 emerge 1 hump 1 emptily 1 breathe 1 investors 1 silk 1 salt 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 assure 1 morphine 1 presumably 1 rounds 1 pickaxe 1 women 1 diminish 1 jurydiction 1 ant 1 beer 1 gay 1 pyramid 1 bending 1 there 'll 1 buzzing 1 mitigate 1 stale 1 alley 1 vile 1 eastern 1 bloomer 1 more'n 1 papa 1 ruffled 1 children 1 consider 1 jaw 1 scriven 1 moonlighting 1 carpet 1 lands 1 leaky 1 stentorian 1 problems 1 break 1 hackles 1 weapon 1 skunk 1 engineer 1 freight 1 lower 1 sounded 1 uncoiling 1 queer 1 pursued 1 bard 1 physics 1 eleven 1 body 1 anyhow 1 manhunt 1 cowpoke 1 payload 1 philistine 1 interests 1 darwin 1 mane 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 hammerhead 1 justify 1 stout 1 hooch 1 tomb - dark 1 pupation 1 chuckle 1 pegged 1 comprehension 1 glows 1 couth 1 enlighten 1 dimension 1 faded 1 ludicrous 1 paintings 1 planted 1 shattered 1 upscale 1 bent 1 louis 1 signature 1 applauded 1 ruth 1 pidgin 1 pulled 1 washtub 1 cultured 1 swung 1 glut 1 caroming 1 significance 1 knocking 1 crates 1 whores ' 1 cannon 1 hurt 1 gods 1 fourth 1 ushered 1 reward 1 university 1 quoth 1 friendly 1 hears 1 lincoln 1 snoot - full 1 crackled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 runs 1 mounting 1 lordof 1 lookin ' 1 masses 1 dogs 1 orphanages 1 pilgrimage 1 clearly 1 spilling 1 twigs 1 viscous 1 chop 1 committed 1 pill 1 samson 1 okay 1 glad 1 supposedly 1 discovered 1 oiled 1 spikes 1 hag 1 tomes 1 pleasantly 1 rawhide 1 gim me 1 powerful 1 alive 1 pays 1 amphibian 1 integral 1 stabbed 1 easier 1 species 1 honest 1 gentry 1 austrian 1 within 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 jesus ' 1 obtained 1 cared 1 fossilized 1 gases 1 guffawing 1 shite 1 scaffold 1 philmore 1 led 1 gurgling 1 gusting 1 norton 1 obliged 1 cosmic 1 neglectful 1 obscures 1 muttering 1 trough 1 alkaline 1 justice 1 inscrutable 1 ready 1 dangles 1 wither 1 alteration 1 blot 1 encased 1 daemonum 1 cot 1 choice 1 laid 1 descent 1 bedroom 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 warmth 1 pecker 1 unblinking 1 landscapes 1 desolate 1 news 1 depends 1 heap 1 scurry 1 replenished 1 bust 1 polished 1 potential 1 stabbings 1 concentrated 1 loops 1 padded 1 dollars 1 sharp 1 legal 1 statue 1 devils 1 perfumed 1 awnings 1 bank 1 bored 1 covered 1 10 1 coupled 1 superstitions 1 spurt 1 stevenson 1 none 1 blessed 1 perfectly 1 impetuous 1 towards 1 whip 1 treacherous 1 brimming 1 straightened 1 lookit 1 waded 1 mere 1 scalp 1 strange 1 blew 1 knees 1 borrowed 1 h - he 1 applause 1 chaw 1 toiling 1 appellation 1 perspiration 1 they ' ve 1 chinatown 1 got ta 1 spring 1 whiskey - flaccid 1 wife 1 backwater 1 mar 1 humped 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 mycosis 1 corner 1 tragedy 1 pitchy 1 brother 's 1 fazed 1 confided 1 monolith 1 slag 1 disorder 1 slightly 1 early 1 weighed 1 equal 1 nipple 1 demesne 1 inquisitive 1 trade 1 sneers 1 christianity 1 beaming 1 rude 1 hurry 1 cops 1 patters 1 master 's 1 balconies 1 longer 1 coke - rimed 1 shallows 1 journalist 1 shoulda 1 charms 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 seasonal 1 plague 1 docs 1 unique 1 indicates 1 originally 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 tilting 1 dunked 1 limp 1 walkin ' 1 story 1 swinging 1 vanished 1 unpleasant 1 ribs 1 gibberish 1 parcel 1 imbues 1 grime 1 lie 1 flights 1 pried 1 scared 1 chief 1 di n't 1 lanky 1 reached 1 mill 1 impatiently 1 deduction 1 swallowed 1 skeletons 1 obsession 1 swarthy 1 coast 1 torrid 1 devoid 1 winks 1 walls 1 translation 1 funeral 1 genteel 1 pond 1 50s 1 copper 1 goodbye 1 lamps 1 corked 1 acclaimed 1 drying 1 operations 1 drawl 1 presently 1 clouded 1 hall 1 different 1 fashion 1 bedside 1 attached 1 trained 1 pleasure 1 rites 1 should ' ve 1 23 1 amigo 1 spur 1 slickest 1 fruit 1 host 1 mismatched 1 irish 1 solid 1 creep 1 lion 1 debate 1 bullyboy 1 andrew 1 rooted 1 slog 1 legacy 1 littered 1 hesitated 1 crazed 1 cottages 1 adios 1 palsy 1 change 1 apron 1 harangue 1 are n't 1 babe 1 casual 1 frenzied 1 glare 1 opium 1 lampshades 1 tourist 1 coin 1 scroll 1 cyclopean 1 battle 1 sequins 1 crisp 1 influence 1 called 1 woman - child 1 python 1 hobby 1 floating 1 brandy 1 leaking 1 knotted 1 brute 1 myriad 1 commune 1 divan 1 exploded 1 unmade 1 step 1 titles 1 kindly 1 womb 1 winded 1 asylum 1 column 1 margins 1 lazily 1 confiscated 1 belted 1 whoopie 1 gobbles 1 mullen 's 1 hut 1 inducements 1 presume 1 heels 1 having 1 eateateateateat 1 tradition 1 slowly 1 unknown 1 promising 1 king 1 ruin 1 charlie 1 bared 1 slopping 1 centuries 1 plunging 1 crowded 1 rot 1 stuffed - suit 1 counterfeit 1 barbarous 1 point 1 retreated 1 murderous 1 contortion 1 gamblers 1 whizzing 1 liver 1 animals 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 prodigious 1 scribbling 1 inclinations 1 monster 's 1 spit 1 bloating 1 pull 1 maroon 1 performer 1 currents 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 spinal 1 fallen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 erosion 1 antiquarians ' 1 association 1 mess 1 albeit 1 crashed 1 fancy 1 spores 1 abattoir 1 sauce 1 migrant 1 florid 1 staring 1 creased 1 bigger 1 banty 1 pokey 1 damp 1 adventures 1 riders 1 harvard 1 befouled 1 essayed 1 galore 1 sunk 1 discomfit 1 throb 1 oberon 1 degeneration 1 mating 1 sadist 1 bandages 1 spoil 1 fund 1 fear 1 blooms 1 especially 1 include 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 low 1 evidence 1 saloons 1 fame 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 tarnished 1 realized 1 incomprehensible 1 facking 1 basically 1 syph 1 await 1 cash 1 tacked 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 re - materialized 1 spider - cocoon 1 clear 1 penniless 1 worshipping 1 bother 1 scrambled 1 dingy 1 fierce 1 ivory 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 stove 1 lake 1 iniquitous 1 minute 1 purposes 1 hanged 1 claimed 1 unspeakable 1 proffered 1 chasm 1 packed 1 suns 1 bullet 1 suite 1 kettle 1 books 1 french 1 gentle 1 terrain 1 likes 1 school 1 resting 1 frigid 1 baked 1 persian 1 evaporated 1 safer 1 wha - yeah 1 wiry 1 piled 1 pain 1 page 1 wings 1 milky 1 turns 1 stepped 1 stake 1 obscurity 1 field 1 slant 1 respects 1 musty 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 crone 1 bluegrass 1 socket 1 sights 1 rouge 1 hustle 1 shape 1 wore 1 grover 1 purpose 1 inelegant 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 granite 1 plancy 's 1 successful 1 toothless 1 l 1 scent 1 june 1 ezra 1 lye - hot 1 decades 1 successfully 1 north 1 16 1 homely 1 deer 1 landed 1 existed 1 groin 1 night 1 chamber 1 member 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 repaid 1 sweetheart 1 charmin ' 1 dealt 1 ate 1 round 1 headboard 1 dubious 1 cabins 1 mycoflora 1 draw 1 corduroy 1 version 1 brahms 1 squires 1 instantly 1 gestures 1 cockroach 1 shortly 1 affinities 1 67 1 debauched 1 dripping 1 decapitated 1 twice 1 supposed 1 ghoulish 1 wistful 1 chinese 1 shops 1 floorboard 1 exploits 1 correct 1 artifice 1 autograph 1 sleeps 1 throaty 1 bulls 1 stitched 1 24 1 prostitute 1 general 1 scientific 1 quakes 1 flies 1 angry 1 planks 1 suspecting 1 bourbon 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 agreed 1 ejaculate 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 quiet 1 sows 1 coon 's 1 smiles 1 utter 1 cunt 1 apparent 1 clock 1 shootings 1 buck - naked 1 mustache 1 string 1 creaks 1 gently 1 dozens 1 opportunist 1 inhospitable 1 strokes 1 dreadfuls 1 leave 1 stage 1 chortled 1 guttering 1 supper 1 elephants 1 hard - on 1 stretched 1 organisms 1 tin 1 rain - blurred 1 faro 1 professor 's 1 complain 1 lust 1 corners 1 pennsylvania 1 invisible 1 watering 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 pickers 1 fired 1 shirt 1 summit 1 outskirts 1 saliva 1 thrum 1 flower 1 wagons 1 two - bit 1 frigate 1 i m 1 social 1 raise 1 drooled 1 flophouse 1 boxes 1 helped 1 brightness 1 designs 1 shovel 1 tying 1 scholars 1 guys 1 engraved 1 grant 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 words 1 continents 1 notions 1 limbs 1 unlike 1 looking 1 apple 1 genuine 1 commerce 1 satisfies 1 floats 1 paid 1 mahogany 1 curtain 1 junior 1 millions 1 sodbuster 1 hubris 1 reinvent 1 motherfucker 1 simply 1 panels 1 sleeping 1 porch 1 orleans 1 vertigo 1 pine 1 gleaming 1 shiny 1 pan 1 ugh 1 we 'd 1 supplicants 1 cavalry 1 hires 1 aim 1 michael 1 banks 1 statues 1 rusty 1 eighteen 1 winsome 1 once - over 1 thrust 1 rare 1 resourceful 1 cottonwoods 1 expertly 1 superheated 1 essential 1 sharpening 1 cryptogenetics 1 contribution 1 claims 1 sister 1 gila 1 star 1 drip 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 blessing 1 lads 1 clouds 1 ignorance 1 lot 1 assholes 1 belch 1 observed 1 pointed 1 anderson 1 works 1 kaleidoscopic 1 stomach 1 sitar 1 hah - vahd 1 jerked 1 consuming 1 murders 1 twenty - two 1 tongues 1 us 1 emotions 1 established 1 restrain 1 eye - opener 1 message 1 stinking 1 peaceful 1 shop 1 via 1 scars 1 sunlight 1 phenomena 1 fading 1 idiot 1 can not 1 darkest 1 fuller 's 1 hopped 1 perversely 1 peashooter 1 scope 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 rail 1 squirt 1 gift 1 flush 1 dresses 1 gorging 1 blazed 1 missive 1 curiosity 1 taste 1 abortions 1 trembles 1 floorboards 1 mirages 1 informed 1 jury 1 horse - toothed 1 services 1 reduced 1 tumors 1 appreciative 1 greasy 1 counter 1 pop 1 workers 1 feathers 1 soul 1 half - truth 1 sayin ' 1 frowned 1 consumption 1 deed 1 collage 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 trosper 's 1 persons 1 bullshit 1 hightailed 1 team 1 mollies 1 hallucinated 1 metamorphosis 1 drawers 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 shitter 1 h 1 help 1 bastard 1 destroy 1 scene 1 tunny 1 humidor 1 chopping 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 inscribed 915 .
old virginia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 414 the 226 i 212 a 170 and 158 to 157 of 109 was 104 in 99 my 93 you 80 he 73 it 66 had 65 his 65 for 62 me 61 on 60 with 57 that 46 her 45 she 44 were 41 this 41 they 39 we 37 is 36 as 35 from 35 strauss 32 what 32 him 31 one 30 at 29 porter 29 riley 28 if 27 an 27 said 26 be 26 like 25 so 24 by 24 would 23 into 23 men 23 did n't 22 no 22 some 22 there 21 about 21 are 20 hatcher 20 up 19 back 19 more 19 but 19 all 19 been 19 not 18 who 18 virginia 18 them 17 did 17 out 16 or 16 your 16 when 15 doctor 15 too 15 us 14 do n't 14 have 14 do 13 our 13 know 13 things 13 old 12 could 12 cap 12 herman 12 how 12 will 12 mother 11 man 11 their 11 subject 11 down 11 cabin 11 here 10 people 10 company 10 why 10 roger 10 world 10 got 10 made 10 off 10 find 10 then 9 can 9 better 9 way 9 where 9 over 9 until 9 eyes 9 it 's 9 i 'd 9 through 9 around 9 years 9 before 9 first 8 get 8 behind 8 something 8 right 8 say 8 tallhat 8 than 8 after 8 intelligence 8 you 're 8 much 8 seen 8 make 8 now 8 cuba 8 help 8 oh 8 face 8 two 8 ever 8 take 8 door 7 even 7 table 7 white 7 was n't 7 those 7 just 7 came 7 any 7 captain 7 doctors 7 best 7 had n't 7 took 7 garland 7 started 7 i 'll 7 thought 7 myself 7 asked 7 yes 7 cigarette 7 these 7 head 7 anything 7 saw 6 research 6 want 6 dark 6 kept 6 its 6 x 6 without 6 kind 6 new 6 upon 6 good 6 last 6 porter 's 6 break 6 except 6 yeah 6 far 6 such 6 time 6 has 6 began 6 few 6 black 6 talk 6 war 6 maybe 6 hands 6 might 6 three 6 shadow 6 sat 6 put 6 day 6 since 6 called 6 across 6 while 6 see 6 tell 6 team 5 riley 's 5 gone 5 i ' m 5 nasty 5 go 5 fire 5 near 5 never 5 little 5 went 5 voice 5 file 5 next 5 big 5 else 5 woods 5 nobody 5 wanted 5 well 5 richards 5 field 5 knew 5 think 5 need 5 does 5 documents 5 important 5 mouth 5 dead 5 own 5 operation 5 work 5 let 5 light 5 yet 5 drew 5 she 's 5 because 5 found 5 fell 5 read 5 enough 4 wo n't 4 happy 4 doing 4 bad 4 davis 4 god 4 lips 4 metal 4 gave 4 rained 4 bed 4 great 4 pretty 4 ten 4 most 4 again 4 wall 4 left 4 rode 4 heard 4 decided 4 against 4 clothes 4 inside 4 i ' ve 4 weapon 4 seemed 4 other 4 boys 4 forest 4 worse 4 holes 4 stood 4 road 4 give 4 being 4 copper 4 reds 4 also 4 days 4 returned 4 activity 4 poor 4 lucky 4 detail 4 slipped 4 although 4 fingers 4 post 4 whatever 4 morning 4 family 4 dox 4 happened 4 getting 4 couple 4 rest 4 close 4 still 4 problem 4 became 4 sent 4 given 4 broke 4 am 4 children 4 done 4 shook 4 lab 4 could n't 4 does n't 4 game 4 wore 4 night 4 room 3 taken 3 trust 3 going 3 project 3 everyone 3 matter 3 really 3 truck 3 return 3 already 3 arms 3 deal 3 ike 3 expression 3 that 's 3 marching 3 we 'll 3 plan 3 mk - ultra 3 ops 3 meat 3 dream 3 many 3 talking 3 watching 3 wrong 3 quick 3 bloody 3 croatoan 3 away 3 later 3 past 3 farmhouse 3 move 3 neck 3 langley 3 chair 3 they 're 3 soissons 3 needed 3 boots 3 rubbed 3 special 3 natives 3 rats 3 island 3 report 3 only 3 meet 3 mountain 3 come 3 least 3 less 3 ones 3 glass 3 playing 3 mind 3 hundred 3 what 's 3 another 3 view 3 circlet 3 broken 3 news 3 strange 3 meant 3 baby 3 figure 3 possessed 3 possibly 3 may 3 jesus 3 test 3 required 3 coat 3 evidence 3 stank 3 guess 3 member 3 you 'll 3 closed 3 turned 3 throat 3 use 3 files 3 minutes 3 porch 3 you 'd 3 lot 3 lay 3 place 3 worked 3 flesh 3 situation 3 nature 3 certain 3 waiting 3 watch 3 clairvoyant 3 hell 3 nothing 3 outside 3 young 3 difficult 3 power 3 business 3 lighted 3 unless 3 hours 3 steel 3 bowl 3 life 3 soldier 3 care 3 spoke 3 we 're 3 log 3 cold 3 english 3 lived 3 everybody 3 long 3 become 3 history 3 seems 3 pleased 3 talked 3 wish 3 promise 3 smile 3 virginia 's 3 quite 3 exactly 3 six 3 tracks 3 between 3 though 3 dinner 3 attack 3 suppose 3 must 3 single 3 lost 3 fellows 3 tongue 3 ready 3 track 3 idea 3 nor 3 ground 3 swallowed 3 should ' ve 3 shall 3 which 3 small 3 once 3 allies 3 window 3 name 3 glasses 3 brown 2 farms 2 gray 2 medicine 2 bladder 2 fair 2 interesting 2 cool 2 hats 2 kgb 2 trouble 2 failed 2 hear 2 sufficient 2 tires 2 hatch 2 gather 2 anymore 2 surprise 2 cracks 2 heavily 2 evening 2 personal 2 bring 2 arrived 2 birth 2 drifted 2 neil 2 eventually 2 they 'll 2 eating 2 wet 2 tree 2 folks 2 compromised 2 scotch 2 rather 2 age 2 area 2 die 2 gets 2 pot 2 dawn 2 morbid 2 experience 2 simple 2 beach 2 hill 2 he 's 2 college 2 silhouette 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 german 2 nervous 2 alone 2 provender 2 man 's 2 questions 2 crone 's 2 bodies 2 picked 2 possible 2 dear 2 pancakes 2 poured 2 shit 2 conversation 2 letters 2 under 2 forgotten 2 soon 2 end 2 follow 2 piece 2 suspected 2 woman 2 image 2 sorry 2 data 2 protect 2 someone 2 straitjacket 2 sure 2 shotguns 2 s 2 sweated 2 anyone 2 hoped 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 look 2 information 2 storm 2 winter 2 shotgun 2 knows 2 sweep 2 convinced 2 probably 2 plenty 2 joke 2 tasted 2 skull 2 unfortunately 2 intended 2 mr 2 liked 2 certainly 2 hiding 2 missing 2 hatcher 's 2 resources 2 somebody 2 infant 2 escape 2 older 2 course 2 castro 2 kids 2 hurt 2 okay 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 drooling 2 jolly 2 sharp 2 carved 2 followed 2 sank 2 screwed 2 abandoned 2 palisade 2 military 2 vanished 2 lanky 2 windows 2 trained 2 pleasure 2 ah 2 surely 2 waited 2 guerillas 2 heels 2 makes 2 sound 2 fear 2 ha 2 standing 2 cut 2 papers 2 coming 2 french 2 chuckled 2 yard 2 catch 2 maintain 2 christ 2 afraid 2 u 2 planks 2 nine 2 reason 2 tin 2 mud 2 winked 2 muffled 2 guys 2 library 2 ditches 2 observed 2 notion 2 armor 2 belly 2 spent 2 needles 2 brain 2 taste 2 nearby 2 grinned 2 moved 2 stay 2 perhaps 2 search 2 thin 2 bit 2 rumors 2 eye 2 guard 2 afternoon 2 told 2 should 2 promised 2 fine 2 pops 2 word 2 stare 2 line 2 ceased 2 mengele 2 earth 2 process 2 everything 2 indicated 2 tears 2 bore 2 wondered 2 bizarre 2 red 2 roanoke 2 let 's 2 control 2 wrote 2 mystery 2 whispered 2 call 2 listening 2 feet 2 cooking 2 main 2 reminded 2 moment 2 month 2 cro 2 crude 2 smoked 2 chill 2 security 2 thick 2 nail 2 answer 2 farm 2 opened 2 collection 2 built 2 grand 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 experiments 2 several 2 lead 2 dox 's 2 feel 2 scenario 2 thinking 2 legs 2 water 2 whether 2 silence 2 each 2 full 2 dreamt 2 finished 2 recognized 2 doubt 2 however 2 testing 2 among 2 muscles 2 badger 2 trees 2 pawns 2 miners 2 seeped 2 rain 2 captured 2 dry 2 sweat 2 hey 2 batista 's 2 handle 2 indeed 2 circlets 2 hunting 2 stopped 2 facilities 2 deep 2 often 2 waste 2 felt 2 same 2 believed 2 free 2 hour 2 others 2 dim 2 you ' ve 2 principal 2 lingered 2 incident 2 roby 2 women 2 looked 2 public 2 entry 2 able 2 faces 2 hole 2 pulled 2 appeared 2 watched 2 machines 2 alive 2 wants 2 dressed 2 machinery 2 glycerin 2 walking 2 shoulder 2 struggle 2 hardcases 2 broad 2 muddy 2 slicing 2 used 2 true 2 conduct 2 change 2 are n't 2 laughed 2 unknown 2 cried 2 corpses 2 pull 2 locked 2 instead 2 sort 2 bigger 2 nearly 2 low 2 stove 2 garrison 2 killed 2 either 2 stalked 2 agreed 2 senses 2 helped 2 auschwitz 2 short 2 gold 2 looking 2 carry 2 works 2 thing 2 along 2 party 2 times 2 pair 2 noises 1 nape 1 greeting 1 squalled 1 issue 1 dropped 1 calm 1 bunked 1 nearest 1 sole 1 swiveled 1 belonged 1 lounging 1 twenty 1 gloves 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 poking 1 screws 1 lucid 1 satisfying 1 lumbered 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 death 1 wizened 1 reptilian 1 giving 1 loaded 1 peaked 1 loyalists 1 coals 1 flopped 1 ran 1 escalates 1 goddamned 1 congratulated 1 refill 1 conditions 1 treated 1 environs 1 local 1 snicked 1 ear 1 knots 1 suspicion 1 show 1 win 1 intercepted 1 lack 1 stubbed 1 breath 1 lizard - bald 1 limped 1 bravest 1 patrol 1 rusted 1 steely 1 yours 1 supply 1 em 1 blacken 1 thickly 1 slurping 1 dangle 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 inform 1 dripped 1 tramp 1 implant 1 veteran 1 psychic 1 stains 1 doc 1 devices 1 eaves 1 virtue 1 position 1 drain 1 whistling 1 organize 1 fifty - plus 1 financing 1 dipped 1 compelled 1 rendezvoused 1 lsd 1 yellow 1 paralyzed 1 atom - smashing 1 codes 1 commie 1 seconds 1 real 1 set 1 country 1 obvious 1 torch 1 job 1 counting 1 secrets 1 met 1 swooped 1 logical 1 invented 1 polite 1 dared 1 detached 1 brow 1 survey 1 richardses 1 blasphemous 1 perfect 1 raleigh 1 sleep 1 illusion 1 gangrene 1 blocked 1 dug 1 overcome 1 decisions 1 shut 1 appreciates 1 unimaginable 1 programs 1 attach 1 debacle 1 shelves 1 dame 1 sobbing 1 chorus 1 persisted 1 excitement 1 existence 1 generator 's 1 carpets 1 slavic 1 huge 1 adopted 1 brilliant 1 third 1 dense 1 boy 1 carolina 1 spasms 1 stole 1 clamped 1 dr 1 pulling 1 russians 1 he 'd 1 horrible 1 foreign 1 stuff 1 closely 1 chess 1 plain 1 coney 1 tests 1 results 1 feigned 1 fried 1 christian 1 shaved 1 stubble 1 monstrous 1 notches 1 thump 1 flaw 1 knife 1 scarce 1 cook 1 blued 1 necessary 1 fret 1 handled 1 explorers 1 four 1 staggered 1 scuttlebutt 1 honors 1 whispering 1 starfish 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 plastic 1 wine 1 muzzled 1 luck 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 contraptions 1 listened 1 hair 1 routine 1 deadly 1 tribes 1 melodramatic 1 unorthodox 1 majestic 1 spectacle 1 advance 1 two - man 1 doozy 1 temple 1 silent 1 dick 1 diameter 1 jealous 1 arthritis 1 assembled 1 woke 1 coffee 1 cookfires 1 turning 1 escorted 1 how 's 1 marshy 1 stack 1 gorge 1 dusk 1 universities 1 san 1 crap 1 spilled 1 quiz 1 damn 1 league 1 fast 1 instinct 1 gate 1 losses 1 distortion 1 flashlight 1 carrion 1 cigarettes 1 damned 1 turks 1 angular 1 climb 1 questing 1 account 1 syllable 1 running 1 correctly 1 phantom 1 drunkenly 1 extrapolate 1 escaped 1 rectify 1 refused 1 relation 1 tasting 1 uncertainty 1 compose 1 grasped 1 she 'll 1 aloofness 1 dirty 1 stiff 1 soaked 1 aching 1 destroyed 1 prevented 1 tricks 1 competent 1 colonist 1 members 1 sworn 1 hatteras 1 turn 1 iron 1 split 1 passed 1 birthed 1 spools 1 kicked 1 acquiescence 1 preferred 1 harder 1 lacked 1 button 1 spartan 1 sequence 1 molecular 1 biting 1 ai n't 1 determined 1 moments 1 tattooed 1 overly 1 hacking 1 brother 1 crouched 1 weirding 1 personally 1 unintelligible 1 radio 1 superior 1 medical 1 dropping 1 psych 1 records 1 wipe 1 origin 1 splendid 1 miss 1 theory 1 sated 1 throats 1 unnerving 1 satisfy 1 purely 1 company 's 1 classified 1 pictures 1 effective 1 strike 1 butt 1 smiled 1 living 1 technology 1 timbuktu 1 neat 1 resistance 1 slats 1 dank 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 fed 1 hum 1 dominance 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 plots 1 departure 1 nonsense 1 victims 1 herself 1 child 1 gibbering 1 grown 1 reshape 1 topographical 1 shack 1 whole 1 senile 1 vital 1 send 1 cautiously 1 midwestern 1 pal 1 innocent 1 banged 1 rattled 1 nose 1 communication 1 characters 1 steal 1 official ' 1 deemed 1 screamed 1 researchers 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 trembled 1 d - did 1 demanded 1 obscure 1 piss 1 profile 1 spaniards 1 actually 1 would ' ve 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 changed 1 meatier 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 money 1 folder 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 awful 1 corrugated 1 kidnap 1 cynicism 1 forward 1 carve 1 detritus 1 eager 1 sake 1 sought 1 soldiers 1 lamplight 1 curious 1 ceiling 1 song 1 hoping 1 submerged 1 detailed 1 offering 1 roof 1 sipping 1 diminished 1 savant 1 rocky 1 there 's 1 sounds 1 soup 1 horn 1 quietly 1 yawned 1 explained 1 part 1 flight 1 confident 1 experiment 1 clatter 1 shifted 1 shocked 1 inconclusive 1 cackle 1 jungles 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 disaster 1 begged 1 drumming 1 folklore 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 blind 1 likewise 1 drag 1 armed 1 bitterly 1 havana 1 fruitless 1 hurricanes 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 pasture 1 making 1 numbness 1 camps 1 west 1 suspend 1 campus 1 axis 1 state 1 ranks 1 foresaw 1 converse 1 shrewd 1 numerous 1 flat 1 secured 1 behavior 1 degrees 1 tremors 1 indecipherable 1 ink 1 collapsed 1 tall 1 accent 1 creaked 1 paper 1 stuck 1 photokinetics 1 devil 1 self - destruction 1 almost 1 welded 1 sunrise 1 finding 1 duty 1 washed 1 died 1 fate 1 cast 1 merely 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 burning 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 odor 1 hanging 1 grew 1 middle 1 younger 1 mumbled 1 adults 1 flakes 1 calmed 1 handed 1 1945 1 ahead 1 mines 1 thrashing 1 wake 1 configure 1 regarded 1 towered 1 antiseptic 1 suffering 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 flickered 1 curfew 1 cautious 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 scratch 1 dossiers 1 ability 1 improve 1 draws 1 traitor 1 likely 1 kinds 1 barely 1 keen 1 dough 1 easel 1 sharks 1 sighed 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 twenty - mile 1 laughing 1 career 1 preparing 1 france 1 emerge 1 viewer 1 disappeared 1 hump 1 awfully 1 caper 1 rube 1 ideas 1 fond 1 posts 1 commander 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 scraps 1 sounded 1 wars 1 richards ' 1 pursued 1 follows 1 frothing 1 cots 1 worried 1 slit 1 bothers 1 withdrew 1 chuckling 1 digging 1 involved 1 pulses 1 gun 1 lousy 1 term 1 chemicals 1 ash 1 allocation 1 loud 1 tendrils 1 sabotaged 1 diesel 1 hero 1 phosphorescent 1 sit 1 balls - up 1 teams 1 powerful 1 manner 1 throttling 1 patriot 1 bunched 1 specter 1 rewarded 1 idiots 1 cured 1 broth 1 earnest 1 wildly 1 cot 1 laid 1 inadequate 1 frantic 1 office 1 potential 1 migraine 1 worth 1 concentrated 1 andreas 1 plodding 1 padded 1 beheld 1 castro 's 1 none 1 whip 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 beam 1 upside 1 cellar 1 approaching 1 leaned 1 unbalanced 1 spies 1 pitchy 1 walnut 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 straight 1 sadism 1 air 1 additionally 1 traveled 1 quaintly 1 gaze 1 thusly 1 smooth 1 stetsons 1 misled 1 hoofing 1 gagged 1 chief 1 hamburgers 1 embarrassing 1 expire 1 biologist 1 decorated 1 presently 1 operations 1 different 1 terms 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 caltech 1 ace 1 glances 1 relieved 1 matriarch 1 blocks 1 beware 1 crazed 1 regard 1 glare 1 moisture 1 walk 1 wires 1 manage 1 number 1 shields 1 ominous 1 flickering 1 cowboy 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 clicked 1 remember 1 toppled 1 managed 1 professionals 1 summoned 1 peyote 1 wrecked 1 proved 1 colonization 1 nasal 1 forecast 1 aloud 1 included 1 exhaled 1 breaking 1 question 1 hefty 1 creatures 1 fishbowl 1 pressure 1 buck 1 tablet 1 bled 1 fallen 1 mess 1 gears 1 tricked 1 shot 1 nefarious 1 bears 1 blade 1 include 1 furious 1 eased 1 rush 1 precisely 1 easy 1 realized 1 glacial 1 rise 1 sir 1 mimeographed 1 steamy 1 ruined 1 join 1 assigned 1 gentle 1 rolling 1 jackets 1 pain 1 priority 1 misfortune 1 layman 's 1 glowing 1 envisioned 1 sam 1 crone 1 shape 1 played 1 dangerous 1 uncapped 1 edge 1 ancient 1 june 1 decades 1 talent 1 subtlety 1 north 1 pane 1 deer 1 hiroshima 1 balm 1 fingers ' 1 ward 1 illumination 1 shortly 1 fortify 1 son 1 human 1 physicist 1 twice 1 cracking 1 interfere 1 rims 1 locate 1 hills 1 sanity 1 cabinets 1 teeth 1 scientific 1 quavered 1 cry 1 phone 1 showed 1 filled 1 daddy 1 reaction 1 grunted 1 bunk 1 element 1 suddenly 1 uttered 1 math 1 lapsed 1 peeking 1 keeps 1 1915 1 everything 's 1 rid 1 gnawed 1 scholars 1 continue 1 out - of - season 1 handcuffed 1 words 1 boxy 1 sealed 1 uneventful 1 week 1 pessimistic 1 charm 1 curtain 1 junior 1 bonfires 1 korea 1 hired 1 appeal 1 shiny 1 dried 1 powers 1 conference 1 mentioned 1 we 'd 1 lolled 1 rocking 1 events 1 rusty 1 labs 1 dispatched 1 grabbed 1 safe 1 star 1 sonofabitches 1 yielded 1 christmas 1 subsequently 1 fastened 1 establish 1 ice 1 clouds 1 fool 1 chin 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 whisper 1 stick 1 spared 1 idiot 1 harm 1 treetops 1 nodded 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 bet 1 range 1 frayed 1 ivy 1 root 1 lightened 1 bushes 1 greasy 1 backs 1 bullshit 1 bumped 1 major 1 comprised 1 expedition 1 disembodied 1 fearful 1 play 1 snow 1 wobbly 1 million 1 vigor 1 obviously 1 recon 1 slack 1 shrugged 1 lauded 1 cracked 1 automatons 1 seasoned 1 progressing 1 breast 1 oozing 1 birds 1 presence 1 thank 1 pox 1 authority 1 ended 1 check 1 cow 1 flooded 1 demeanor 1 naked 1 note 1 memos 1 keeping 1 fight 1 colossal 1 race 1 south 1 germans 1 top 1 front 1 asking 1 contests 1 meeting 1 amount 1 excuse 1 triumphant 1 government 1 york 1 blowing 1 price 1 tits - up 1 clipped 1 reassurances 1 contact 1 bombs 1 surmised 1 smirk 1 bar 1 saboteur 1 sensibilities 1 trailed 1 four - star 1 doors 1 properly 1 poise 1 settlement 1 chunks 1 encompass 1 yourself 1 poisoned 1 passion 1 bona 1 known 1 gig 1 stroked 1 tickled 1 director 1 shell 1 assimilated 1 objectives 1 shout 1 helpful 1 sonofabitch 1 conduit 1 watery 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 monumental 1 forgiven 1 grace 1 houses 1 quaked 1 immortality 1 certificate 1 center 1 bitching 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 margin 1 wiped 1 bloomed 1 threw 1 program 1 calculus 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 plants 1 coarsened 1 1589 1 speaking 1 fortunately 1 grip 1 lurking 1 support 1 wrapped 1 goddamnit 1 goose 1 car 1 clotted 1 portion 1 content 1 kick 1 mostly 1 haul 1 applications 1 canvas 1 transport 1 disrupted 1 wood 1 solely 1 anyway 1 squirms 1 settlers 1 during 1 bread 1 clues 1 frozen 1 deeper 1 speak 1 stupidest 1 clue 1 squeaked 1 darkness 1 latrine 1 moves 1 tottering 1 fixing 1 raining 1 comment 1 symbols 1 crooned 1 assemble 1 details 1 significant 1 magnitude 1 operatives 1 analgesic 1 chum 1 rogers 1 extraction 1 disappear 1 easily 1 subtle 1 comes 1 gestured 1 ears 1 induced 1 robey 1 rasped 1 slope 1 pack 1 efficacious 1 closest 1 captain 's 1 pig 1 wished 1 mind 's 1 troops 1 slobbering 1 weak 1 strauss ' 1 arranged 1 options 1 helping 1 township 1 suggest 1 filter 1 staff 1 colonial 1 leak 1 recording 1 momentous 1 dinosaurs 1 rotten 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 nerves 1 cackled 1 chalk 1 tittered 1 scrap 1 basic 1 obstructing 1 herr 1 somber 1 mail 1 portended 1 mistaken 1 excellent 1 somewhere 1 1588 1 rubber 1 raid 1 betrayed 1 odd 1 symptoms 1 humorless 1 loomed 1 amazingly 1 every 1 oak 1 puking 1 isolated 1 static 1 wilds 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 terrible 1 blue - eyed 1 lifted 1 unspecified 1 maps 1 dustbin 1 sky 1 clicking 1 rank 1 slow 1 similarly 1 map 1 inner 1 imminent 1 sooner 1 dull 1 case 1 rabbits 1 blunders 1 colonists ' 1 ago 1 killers 1 fabricated 1 prove 1 entertain 1 caliber 1 together 1 bald 1 scatter 1 wolfing 1 animal 1 guessed 1 aquamarine 1 earned 1 touched 1 rope 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 monetary 1 spooky 1 kernel 1 stared 1 beads 1 wound 1 arrives 1 nixon 1 sensation 1 feelings 1 balls 1 hypothesis 1 foolish 1 coyote 1 deadfalls 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 active 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 hinky 1 smart 1 hates 1 reappeared 1 please 1 distance 1 pistol 1 subordinate 1 civilization 1 signs 1 paperwork 1 aside 1 enforcer 1 brain - buggered 1 remains 1 smothered 1 home 1 provided 1 plug 1 large 1 mayhem 1 brothers 1 gulped 1 bark 1 attempt 1 laughter 1 rock 1 legend 1 bulk 1 strain 1 hopping 1 damage 1 commissioned 1 accepting 1 clenched 1 harsher 1 prudent 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 breeze 1 snapped 1 threats 1 diet 1 central 1 burned 1 batista 1 elements 1 trains 1 careful 1 tortured 1 impress 1 cursing 1 aware 1 flinch 1 displaced 1 raveled 1 leaves 1 shivered 1 discipline 1 plate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 physicists 1 hideous 1 camphor 1 unhappy 1 debriefing 1 contemplative 1 paranoia 1 scandal 1 mile 1 heart 1 pillows 1 poker 1 complacent 1 uncle 1 alabaster 1 1953 1 examinations 1 chew 1 bowels 1 paddling 1 unclassified 1 scouted 1 in - law 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 portions 1 flame - thrower 1 miles 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 shrill 1 abnormal 1 service 1 shelled 1 forever 1 guidance 1 possess 1 telegram 1 settlements 1 sidelong 1 cigar 1 army 1 hearing 1 hilarity 1 mustered 1 pussyfoot 1 tangentially 1 swayed 1 dumb 1 mightily 1 seize 1 weight 1 caricatures 1 filly 1 rip 1 tough 1 wounds 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 appearances 1 limit 1 block 1 darker 1 accompanied 1 shots 1 edgy 1 paradise 1 hardly 1 lick 1 kid 1 president 's 1 stripe 1 expendable 1 we ' ve 1 assignment 1 delighted 1 caved 1 arcane 1 comedy 1 borne 1 worst 1 rutted 1 boring 1 monkeys 1 shrieks 1 jumped 1 breakfast 1 private 1 tonight 1 happen 1 title 1 direction 1 cover 1 command 1 seagulls 1 covering 1 twenty - eight 1 watchdog 1 warning 1 grim 1 network 1 preoccupation 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 resilience 1 glided 1 nonetheless 1 nice 1 produced 1 clever 1 tight 1 were n't 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 blond 1 smashed 1 fide 1 anew 1 livelier 1 stars 1 equipment 1 eh 1 dress 1 bandaged 1 blurry 1 wilderness 1 blanket 1 hq 1 fifteen 1 satisfaction 1 hulks 1 verdun 1 advising 1 pitcher 1 quantity 1 hook 1 blood 1 lunatic 1 umbrella 1 sun 1 fossils 1 disgusted 1 interrogate 1 elongated 1 suited 1 conjecture 1 bits 1 flowed 1 nails 1 barked 1 trotting 1 untended 1 hold 1 precise 1 babbled 1 whiskey 1 tickertape 1 finest 1 branches 1 smirking 1 loose 1 president 1 sector 1 fault 1 charred 1 born 1 graduated 1 blue - tinged 1 spread 1 ass 1 deteriorated 1 friends 1 hike 1 something 's 1 pantry 1 53 1 longevity 1 dwindled 1 link 1 convenient 1 nap 1 fumbling 1 thugs 1 shriek 1 mole 1 cryptic 1 gag 1 reeked 1 secret 1 branch 1 oceans 1 visited 1 extract 1 psychotropics 1 kill 1 erratum 1 assure 1 eyelids 1 dixie 1 soothing 1 legendary 1 tractor 1 swoop 1 engineer 1 england 1 cavity 1 eleven 1 echo 1 using 1 semiconsciousness 1 live ' 1 pocket 1 gap 1 comb 1 contrary 1 bent 1 bow 1 shoes 1 anybody 's 1 fourth 1 intact 1 radar 1 wooden 1 incoherently 1 bum 1 dogs 1 propped 1 outhouse 1 generator 1 always 1 tone 1 clearance 1 touch 1 noon 1 jerries 1 written 1 grinning 1 unfriendly 1 faculties 1 warn 1 endured 1 pep 1 within 1 latent 1 dresden 1 cruel - minded 1 spare 1 blot 1 wind - blasted 1 pools 1 dreams 1 trip 1 pills 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 pale 1 shaggy 1 level 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 vehicle 1 friend 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 spite 1 best - case 1 robbed 1 occurring 1 knees 1 they ' ve 1 stench 1 frequency 1 wits 1 squirmed 1 sallow 1 briefed 1 confided 1 slightly 1 disposals 1 cake 1 empty 1 slaughter 1 dimple 1 dust 1 glittered 1 moldered 1 mankind 1 delays 1 welcoming 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 woman 's 1 self - aggrandizement 1 considerable 1 scared 1 looks 1 functioning 1 reached 1 exists 1 remote 1 fashion 1 believe 1 revelries 1 desire 1 evilly 1 moving 1 anywhere 1 adolph 1 secure 1 nicer 1 further 1 base 1 colony 1 messages 1 perimeter 1 sours 1 eisenhower 's 1 drizzled 1 abrupt 1 thirty 1 influence 1 realize 1 spy 1 brute 1 mary 1 step 1 asylum 1 derail 1 flaccid 1 objects 1 promising 1 point 1 1700 1 forehead 1 gained 1 gazing 1 detractors 1 marched 1 liver 1 realization 1 williams 1 dread 1 conviction 1 targets 1 should n't 1 reading 1 staring 1 former 1 extort 1 geniuses 1 glow 1 raked 1 skinny 1 lending 1 babysitting 1 unwholesomely 1 sixth 1 tons 1 machiavelli 1 held 1 tangible 1 clear 1 supporter 1 breakthrough 1 screams 1 haystacks 1 shredding 1 impossible 1 volunteers 1 school 1 coolness 1 officer 1 lose 1 cave 1 milky 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 goat 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 courage 1 enemy 1 translated 1 brazen 1 snap 1 purpose 1 lingering 1 photographs 1 stroke 1 toothless 1 present 1 headed 1 cashing 1 isolation 1 potbellied 1 interrupted 1 joined 1 reservations 1 ate 1 weather 1 housecleaning 1 wept 1 gobbled 1 drown 1 precautions 1 upturned 1 sprint 1 supposed 1 tag 1 governor 1 walked 1 russian 1 ca n't 1 general 1 noticed 1 century 1 quiet 1 five 1 task 1 bitter 1 clock 1 shielding 1 seem 1 leave 1 chortled 1 hard - on 1 spending 1 fired 1 scrawls 1 too - long 1 shirt 1 town 1 blank 1 acting 1 completely 1 normandy 1 safety 1 retreat 1 poster 1 susurration 1 seventy 1 chittering 1 chance 1 imprecations 1 simply 1 buried 1 vertigo 1 involvement 1 investigation 1 humans 1 traces 1 racket 1 oozed 1 shutters 1 burn 1 huh 1 stomach 1 she 'd 1 momentarily 1 jerked 1 pronto 1 crossed 1 brought 1 shop 1 greatness 1 jargon 1 squirted 1 perusing 1 bought 1 swore 1 celebration 1 foundation 1 revolver 1 quarter 1 hypnosis 1 floorboards 1 stupid 1 services 1 worshipped 1 reduced 1 live 1 counter 1 plundered 1 scientists 1 soul 1 community 1 squelching 1 blankly 1 deed 1 answers 1 feared 1 battlefields 1 checked 1 deaf 1 disabled 1 covert 1 high 1 exploration 1 moods 921 .
proboscis - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 proboscis 544 the 320 a 281 and 217 i 192 of 160 to 156 was 129 in 108 my 77 on 74 with 71 it 68 me 60 he 56 for 53 that 46 you 44 his 41 were 41 from 39 as 39 had 39 at 34 said 33 an 30 what 29 cruz 29 her 28 by 28 they 26 or 26 if 26 hart 23 she 23 this 23 like 22 one 22 did n't 21 but 21 been 20 was n't 20 into 19 up 19 too 19 over 18 some 18 about 16 no 16 we 16 back 16 be 16 there 16 when 16 through 15 got 15 all 15 out 14 even 14 mounds 14 its 14 him 14 know 14 down 13 right 13 where 13 car 12 did 12 more 12 so 12 are 12 i 'd 12 do 12 not 11 something 11 way 11 our 11 george 11 how 11 their 11 time 11 piers 11 face 11 while 10 i ' m 10 after 10 man 10 them 10 hand 10 door 9 rob 9 would 9 who 9 just 9 much 9 only 9 yeah 9 road 9 off 9 couple 9 then 9 here 9 could n't 9 see 8 going 8 behind 8 he 'd 8 cruz 's 8 mima 8 girl 8 maybe 8 light 8 because 8 across 8 side 8 around 7 say 7 ai n't 7 do n't 7 went 7 penny 7 heard 7 almost 7 kids 7 okay 7 wanted 7 now 7 chevy 7 few 7 call 7 eyes 7 had n't 7 took 7 still 7 thought 7 looked 7 asked 7 guy 7 which 7 shirt 7 enough 7 us 7 along 6 carly 6 real 6 get 6 they 'd 6 than 6 your 6 other 6 hung 6 well 6 world 6 made 6 turned 6 lot 6 began 6 bit 6 hell 6 nothing 6 home 6 rock 6 long 6 let 6 sylvia 6 shoulder 6 tried 5 ran 5 hear 5 truck 5 show 5 could 5 hair 5 near 5 many 5 kept 5 radio 5 x 5 great 5 smiled 5 woman 5 came 5 hart 's 5 again 5 against 5 mind 5 another 5 row 5 windows 5 waited 5 is 5 cell 5 phone 5 we 'd 5 told 5 hours 5 valise 5 open 5 have 5 caught 5 started 5 miles 5 among 5 trees 5 six 5 yet 5 put 5 myself 5 counter 5 before 4 gone 4 frickin ' 4 ear 4 wheel 4 milk 4 tv 4 bad 4 who 'd 4 hill 4 never 4 coffee 4 cheek 4 those 4 away 4 hush 4 past 4 under 4 button 4 neck 4 piece 4 sure 4 voice 4 any 4 look 4 parking 4 there 's 4 left 4 insects 4 last 4 hit 4 make 4 trailer 4 could ' ve 4 worried 4 hard 4 sound 4 field 4 would n't 4 days 4 place 4 studied 4 front 4 police 4 everything 4 poger 4 old 4 during 4 according 4 station 4 getting 4 ray - bo 4 might 4 legs 4 thanks 4 two 4 close 4 blood 4 cars 4 sun 4 between 4 book 4 beetle 4 friend 4 called 4 window 4 night 4 victoria 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 anything 4 thing 4 high 4 picture 3 dropped 3 belonged 3 cool 3 resembled 3 people 3 really 3 rocks 3 better 3 piers ' 3 grounds 3 recognize 3 set 3 agent 3 white 3 nasty 3 russell 3 scotch 3 want 3 gas 3 talking 3 little 3 passed 3 gave 3 bug 3 brother 3 buildings 3 follow 3 chest 3 slumped 3 creek 3 someone 3 whole 3 would ' ve 3 regarding 3 parked 3 seen 3 blind 3 park 3 probably 3 less 3 decided 3 paper 3 next 3 toward 3 uh 3 big 3 middle 3 film 3 handed 3 glass 3 engine 3 inside 3 somebody 3 seemed 3 except 3 nobody 3 washington 3 broken 3 reports 3 office 3 news 3 stood 3 remember 3 comanche 3 also 3 cut 3 coming 3 broom 3 camera 3 catch 3 floated 3 dirt 3 dying 3 guys 3 clouds 3 mean 3 brain 3 perhaps 3 trying 3 shrugged 3 knew 3 nature 3 south 3 things 3 somethin ' 3 bar 3 smiling 3 line 3 olympia 3 earth 3 lunch 3 although 3 black 3 ticket 3 details 3 talk 3 dog 3 directions 3 blue 3 drive 3 happening 3 moment 3 static 3 blackberry 3 sky 3 mouth 3 we 're 3 cold 3 stared 3 seat 3 answer 3 signs 3 hands 3 bark 3 driver 3 thinking 3 wan na 3 three 3 court 3 jumped 3 skin 3 moon 3 tight 3 were n't 3 exactly 3 hey 3 loose 3 friends 3 beer 3 pocket 3 faded 3 pulled 3 tone 3 actor 3 taxi 3 canadians 3 pale 3 idea 3 slightly 3 laughed 3 tourist 3 point 3 take 3 impossible 3 finally 3 drove 3 ray 3 either 3 walked 3 tell 3 fired 3 name 3 buried 3 head 3 latest 3 she 'd 3 click - click 3 years 3 scene 2 swarm 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 america 's 2 matter 2 goddamned 2 local 2 fish 2 exec 2 breath 2 fresh 2 figured 2 serious 2 keep 2 em 2 adores 2 feeding 2 la 2 already 2 cracks 2 um 2 deal 2 waitress 2 happy 2 buford 2 smacked 2 capture 2 missed 2 polite 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 shut 2 witnessed 2 concrete 2 doing 2 go 2 universe 2 tree 2 third 2 geological 2 casting 2 edges 2 batteries 2 c'm on 2 stuff 2 haplotype 2 late 2 we 'll 2 marriage 2 portland 2 rolled 2 entire 2 hillocks 2 sea 2 delicacy 2 he 's 2 fat 2 god 2 surprised 2 wearing 2 lips 2 college 2 wrong 2 dark 2 remaining 2 german 2 fast 2 peeling 2 gate 2 kiosk 2 running 2 man 's 2 beyond 2 rickety 2 picked 2 suggested 2 kinda 2 canada 2 later 2 ucla 2 dear 2 metal 2 proboscis 2 shit 2 features 2 goes 2 notice 2 motion 2 angle 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 soon 2 theory 2 george 's 2 without 2 pictures 2 wounded 2 definitely 2 interested 2 shadows 2 wave 2 kind 2 new 2 finger 2 inspector 2 rubbed 2 bounty 2 certified 2 money 2 anyone 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 most 2 stop 2 stolid 2 rang 2 platform 2 explained 2 plates 2 ached 2 good 2 state 2 fly 2 least 2 depending 2 collapsed 2 tasted 2 skull 2 stuck 2 bus 2 everywhere 2 themselves 2 harry 2 movies 2 impression 2 wake 2 adored 2 music 2 else 2 likely 2 racing 2 course 2 paved 2 glanced 2 boys 2 university 2 loud 2 monument 2 view 2 sucked 2 forest 2 tavern 2 cab 2 none 2 followed 2 strange 2 abandoned 2 air 2 cops 2 moony 's 2 various 2 keening 2 lion 2 crying 2 norway 2 donnie 2 managed 2 proved 2 girlfriend 2 best 2 having 2 pressure 2 far 2 donkey 2 mess 2 damp 2 shot 2 pink 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 realized 2 caused 2 ruined 2 slacks 2 such 2 played 2 guess 2 falling 2 forth 2 teeth 2 closed 2 o 2 lem me 2 buddy 2 throat 2 use 2 despite 2 shiny 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 distant 2 ice 2 pointed 2 nearby 2 returned 2 root 2 grinned 2 greasy 2 bullshit 2 basque 2 imagine 2 lights 2 activity 2 lots 2 ladies 2 flesh 2 ended 2 check 2 certain 2 aldon 2 occasionally 2 clipped 2 heads 2 utterly 2 think 2 johnny 2 harvest 2 era 2 pointing 2 does 2 coop 2 wondered 2 british 2 patted 2 flutter 2 might ' ve 2 let 's 2 unless 2 mostly 2 fingers 2 frowning 2 anyway 2 adventure 2 darkness 2 stirred 2 bro ' 2 lady 2 jar 2 dented 2 pressed 2 slope 2 connection 2 whatever 2 playback 2 oh 2 feet 2 bag 2 somewhere 2 life 2 subject 2 odd 2 pushed 2 junk 2 fist 2 brand 2 yanked 2 map 2 dull 2 california 2 ago 2 observation 2 niro 2 trick 2 girls 2 unusual 2 primitive 2 hood 2 own 2 associates 2 run 2 frame 2 built 2 bones 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 several 2 black - and - white 2 unhappy 2 answering 2 border 2 america 2 slowed 2 bastards 2 latin 2 professor 2 silence 2 goin ' 2 block 2 shots 2 considered 2 photos 2 direction 2 will 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 usually 2 blinking 2 nice 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 percent 2 stars 2 partition 2 stuffed 2 fifteen 2 de 2 tired 2 assassin 2 columbia 2 weeks 2 civil 2 deep 2 ya 2 felt 2 same 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 ass 2 official 2 asian 2 rostrum 2 though 2 secret 2 am 2 pattern 2 eastern 2 cameras 2 path 2 since 2 ever 2 dunno 2 that 'd 2 wooden 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 dude 2 species 2 crash 2 ready 2 tiny 2 legal 2 vehicle 2 garden 2 says 2 wasted 2 corner 2 broad 2 muddy 2 evergreen 2 used 2 story 2 press 2 sneak 2 ground 2 beneath 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 haplogroup 2 fashion 2 festival 2 scratched 2 posted 2 sign 2 instead 2 ask 2 low 2 cigarette 2 fell 2 read 2 patio 2 paint 2 wore 2 photographs 2 these 2 heavy 2 greyhound 2 five 2 glance 2 street 2 modern 2 completely 2 bees 2 looking 2 simply 2 ride 2 stump 2 huh 2 works 2 stomach 2 bought 2 times 2 scientists 2 pair 2 team 2 saw 1 nape 1 descended 1 issue 1 bonkers 1 diagonal 1 strained 1 farms 1 dubbed 1 hash 1 gray 1 experts 1 medicine 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 satanic 1 threshold 1 corn 1 airplane 1 inarguable 1 expressions 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 geiger 1 curves 1 axles 1 tromp 1 favor 1 miracle 1 bench 1 arc 1 primo 1 superstar 1 injected 1 sheets 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 booth 1 uh - huh 1 terminals 1 giving 1 noting 1 tasers 1 polo 1 tables 1 whoa 1 owned 1 wo n't 1 trouble 1 source 1 bowled 1 risking 1 penalty 1 environs 1 hacked 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hairs 1 jounced 1 drill 1 thumping 1 abiding 1 eligible 1 parade 1 daydreams 1 cooked 1 danced 1 honorary 1 p 1 los 1 begging 1 drunk 1 stone 1 swath 1 unwashed 1 panel 1 breeding 1 mutilations 1 differently 1 mediterranean 1 saying 1 fumes 1 dripped 1 castrati 1 fold 1 laxative 1 esophagus 1 position 1 subprocessor 1 holding 1 bragging 1 americans 1 table 1 green 1 listings 1 yellow 1 crammed 1 sylvie 1 midlife 1 bounded 1 vast 1 spat 1 two - lane 1 anti - democrat 1 motherland 1 country 1 torch 1 job 1 streak 1 expression 1 pro - gun 1 organic 1 saint 1 speculate 1 narrowed 1 lineage 1 one - star 1 research 1 burial 1 tee - shirts 1 bring 1 that 's 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 lid 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 locations 1 spied 1 relived 1 erratically 1 beetle 's 1 alcove 1 debacle 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 regular 1 pass 1 squinted 1 eating 1 creation 1 dinero 1 gregorian 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 anxious 1 underage 1 funk 1 passengers 1 object 1 sticks 1 existence 1 argyle 1 slavic 1 mumble 1 rhythmic 1 tumbled 1 tell'ya 1 dish 1 dense 1 boy 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 planning 1 dogshit 1 haunted 1 academic 1 radio - controlled 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 hot 1 reagan 's 1 self 1 frightful 1 belong 1 dad 1 character 1 smear 1 grateful 1 foreign 1 rather 1 hand - cam 1 whitewashed 1 plain 1 scrawny 1 bleeding 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 volume 1 distorted 1 van 1 warbles 1 pinwheeled 1 marijuana 1 bottles 1 key 1 fried 1 foot 1 rob 's 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 gargoyle 1 monks 1 die 1 knife 1 becoming 1 cook 1 iceberg 1 construction 1 brake 1 sorcery 1 natural 1 2 1 humming 1 card 1 nope 1 creepers 1 grey 1 mom - and - pop 1 cotton 1 staggered 1 stray 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 prisoner 1 coed 1 psychos 1 hungry 1 spoiling 1 mucho 1 lane 1 brochure 1 astronauts 1 intervening 1 inherit 1 season 1 grille 1 mercifully 1 blame 1 featured 1 listened 1 erased 1 reared 1 glint 1 tie 1 bullet - raddled 1 melted 1 coils 1 depot 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 jobs 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 calculate 1 shoot 1 silent 1 genes 1 frustrated 1 trapped 1 action 1 starred 1 brightly 1 long - overdue 1 scripts 1 bumper 1 bare 1 disconnected 1 flashes 1 incipient 1 braked 1 turning 1 planned 1 scrum 1 coax 1 waffle 1 amok 1 alpha - alpha 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 chanting 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 molded 1 thrown 1 entomologist 1 dusk 1 crap 1 astonished 1 succumbed 1 hock 1 spilled 1 cadillac 1 dare 1 match 1 dewdrop 1 knowledgeable 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 damned 1 wow 1 riding 1 angular 1 series 1 dilapidated 1 vintage 1 nervous 1 canucks 1 alone 1 marathons 1 retribution 1 j 1 gulf 1 mailboxes 1 questions 1 splashed 1 unsteady 1 farce 1 munching 1 wonders 1 slew 1 cough 1 parole 1 illusions 1 brick 1 dirty 1 broached 1 fortune 1 clearing 1 writhing 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 possible 1 thingy 1 diner 1 feedback 1 fluids 1 hunky - dory 1 poured 1 bud 1 penis 1 turn 1 iron 1 monologue 1 roiled 1 agricultural 1 letters 1 convicted 1 dumbly 1 irons 1 lacked 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 appealing 1 bickering 1 rocker 1 moments 1 grandfather 's 1 crouched 1 nerve 1 shag 1 decrepit 1 accepted 1 mudslides 1 waistband 1 jump 1 end 1 pagan 1 urged 1 reach 1 purely 1 rust - red 1 europeans 1 discern 1 violence 1 butt 1 envelope 1 admonishment 1 counters 1 technology 1 reassure 1 endless 1 suspected 1 unwholesome 1 ankle 1 image 1 shrines 1 chambray 1 chair 1 squeals 1 footage 1 order 1 bravado 1 arrow 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 data 1 highway 1 gust 1 camouflage 1 etiquette 1 glovebox 1 whistled 1 gleamed 1 draining 1 stylish 1 doctored 1 lancelot 1 d 1 hitchhikers 1 challenged 1 teenage 1 beady 1 eggs 1 rhino 1 screwing 1 repeat 1 eternal 1 yo 1 indigestion 1 birthday 1 disappointed 1 smoke 1 npr 1 collectively 1 child 1 crummy 1 comfort 1 jolted 1 onto 1 returning 1 steep 1 time 's 1 burst 1 phones 1 jersey 1 cooled 1 flung 1 reviewed 1 mum 1 pal 1 sugar 1 boots 1 spaces 1 snort 1 nose 1 corpse - slack 1 sloe - eyed 1 tripped 1 vertebrae 1 mulled 1 expensive 1 boondocks 1 illuminated 1 scuttle 1 leisurely 1 rasp 1 grit 1 snuff 1 spattered 1 lying 1 cutting 1 absurd 1 diorama 1 calls 1 firewood 1 fields 1 geology 1 profile 1 shiver 1 special 1 convoluted 1 brambles 1 kidnaper 1 voices 1 prettier 1 loudly 1 busted 1 admirers 1 leaning 1 changed 1 father 1 crept 1 shed 1 accidentally 1 audience 1 thresholds 1 flailing 1 handles 1 humpbacked 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 corrugated 1 forward 1 hoped 1 beat 1 tempted 1 compared 1 nuts 1 swirled 1 welcome 1 detour 1 marks 1 ten 1 insides 1 sake 1 stools 1 method 1 choir 1 regulars 1 prey 1 flip - flops 1 island 1 blob 1 fence 1 report 1 authorities 1 fuzzy 1 utopian 1 b - movie 1 passenger 1 sipping 1 desert 1 orchids 1 migration 1 3 1 information 1 plane 's 1 lemmesee 1 hat 1 hare 1 delivered 1 mountains 1 scads 1 dappled 1 roster 1 quietly 1 ugly 1 fatter 1 part 1 gal 1 fact 1 hola 1 piss - stained 1 ungainly 1 knows 1 brutes 1 fists 1 basket 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 dribble 1 garbage 1 robot 1 flags 1 expos 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 recall 1 patches 1 crush 1 commercials 1 disturb 1 coffin 1 festooned 1 clunk 1 mother 's 1 welted 1 pasture 1 uninhabited 1 west 1 traced 1 marking 1 sparkled 1 screen 1 cleared 1 convinced 1 blackballed 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 ranks 1 thickets 1 tobacco 1 enthusiastically 1 maze 1 joke 1 exclamation 1 filmmaker 1 purring 1 attitude 1 shortcuts 1 pen 1 criminals 1 extravaganza 1 feast 1 receiver 1 tall 1 fixed 1 accent 1 sloughing 1 textbook 1 received 1 fanciful 1 hi 1 sunrise 1 agrarian 1 proctors 1 cuffs 1 portraits 1 time ' 1 pickups 1 fluorescent 1 tricky 1 seein ' 1 science 1 crowd 1 cheeks 1 m 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 palm 1 robust 1 worry 1 scraped 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 shimmering 1 younger 1 mob 1 applied 1 fabric 1 eat 1 liked 1 looped 1 plunge 1 cat 1 throngs 1 liquor 1 ahead 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 instructions 1 squeezed 1 whatch 1 joining 1 certainly 1 middle - aged 1 vacuous 1 clothes 1 gourds 1 playing 1 narrowing 1 flickered 1 busy 1 dedication 1 brush 1 missing 1 suspect 1 strings 1 airspace 1 syringes 1 barely 1 smoldering 1 keen 1 peculiar 1 dissipated 1 pursed 1 political 1 phantoms 1 laughing 1 razor 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 floodlights 1 i ' ve 1 fifteen - martini 1 blooming 1 jittering 1 spell 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 disappeared 1 stamped 1 elephant 1 migrations 1 shift 1 hon 1 hardcase 1 dash 1 des 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 ant 1 chittery 1 older 1 passable 1 buzzing 1 flyers 1 hundred 1 why 1 fond 1 consider 1 freeze 1 twitching 1 zombie 1 foam 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 mitochondrial 1 funny 1 specific 1 chlorine 1 drawled 1 critters 1 american 1 toiletries 1 withdrew 1 whirred 1 neighborhood 1 stoplight 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 muttered 1 significance 1 gun 1 drone 1 hurt 1 ash 1 what 's 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 casino 1 pastels 1 masses 1 restroom 1 ex - brother - in - law 1 honking 1 vein 1 g 1 northwest 1 entered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 sweltering 1 scowl 1 powerful 1 rum 1 besides 1 sprinkled 1 actor 's 1 fractured 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 over - glossed 1 acres 1 detachment 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 culture 1 movements 1 genetic 1 have n't 1 worse 1 lone 1 wildly 1 mad 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sex 1 bulletproof 1 doused 1 headline 1 giggling 1 bob 's 1 worth 1 migraine 1 ball 1 chicano 1 gnarled 1 stacked 1 spelling 1 bikers 1 tails 1 whip 1 towards 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 mall 1 upside 1 imp 1 trolling 1 leaned 1 thirsty 1 hitcher 1 three - dee 1 sank 1 screwed 1 evils 1 r 1 fixation 1 preened 1 marker 1 straight 1 early 1 scholarly 1 baby 1 hose 1 shoulda 1 give 1 gardena 1 vendors 1 gaze 1 materializing 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 being 1 scanned 1 troglodytes 1 possessed 1 examined 1 rebuttal 1 idled 1 sneaking 1 booths 1 cashier 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 may 1 why'nchya 1 hummocks 1 gravel 1 bridges 1 miscellaneous 1 keloid 1 nothingness 1 glances 1 relieved 1 seattle 1 ah 1 blocks 1 hesitated 1 regard 1 babe 1 jesus 1 glare 1 walk 1 battle 1 rocked 1 cowboy 1 flickering 1 clicked 1 professionals 1 exploded 1 hyenas 1 stern 1 pollen 1 clumps 1 wraparound 1 writer 1 contemplated 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 tattoos 1 loan 1 carried 1 capitol 1 petulant 1 fast - living 1 admit 1 wired 1 asphalt 1 lied 1 sweater 1 maple 1 scents 1 aboard 1 predators 1 shacking 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 seventh 1 hunkered 1 1890s 1 golden 1 ragtag 1 grainy 1 pad 1 paw 1 picnic 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 pleating 1 especially 1 standing 1 enthralled 1 rush 1 precisely 1 incomprehensible 1 razor - sharp 1 reduviidae 1 1970s 1 cash 1 glacial 1 lizard 1 windshield 1 bubble - screen 1 rigs 1 awesome 1 fierce 1 dialed 1 dispassion 1 mushroom 1 mistress ' 1 dial 1 godforsaken 1 sap 1 lagged 1 rolling 1 rubberneckin ' 1 illuminate 1 piled 1 page 1 thorny 1 obscurity 1 glowing 1 musty 1 bluegrass 1 greater 1 entomologists 1 shape 1 wasteland 1 rows 1 dangerous 1 badly 1 pall 1 edge 1 breakdown 1 ancient 1 cruised 1 overgrown 1 laundromat 1 vigorous 1 glared 1 telescopes 1 grange 1 16 1 ultraviolet 1 negatives 1 cancelled 1 elevated 1 exhibition 1 erect 1 rufus 1 christ 1 afraid 1 rancid 1 shortly 1 crewcut 1 ads 1 human 1 personality 1 twice 1 wistful 1 jewelry 1 floorboard 1 autograph 1 hills 1 bro 1 angry 1 planks 1 blighted 1 coiled 1 primate 1 tossed 1 nine 1 comeback 1 dashes 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 globe 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 filled 1 daddy 1 has 1 string 1 rustled 1 heaves 1 imitation 1 x - whatsis 1 attraction 1 animated 1 grunted 1 erupted 1 olive 1 reason 1 diner 's 1 suddenly 1 novocain - numb 1 stretched 1 politely 1 tin 1 separation 1 math 1 boom 1 unfathomable 1 strapping 1 half - rotted 1 metronome 1 flower 1 everything 's 1 cra - zee 1 shooting 1 band 1 words 1 boxy 1 alongside 1 week 1 shallow 1 until 1 charm 1 switched 1 ditchward 1 citizen 1 files 1 dogwoods 1 lamp 1 queen 1 dishwasher 1 dried 1 gouging 1 suitably 1 con 1 did'ya 1 testimonials 1 compadre 1 banks 1 drops 1 toys 1 leon 1 rare 1 grabbed 1 threatened 1 rusting 1 slapped 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 notion 1 message 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 fleshy 1 hoarse 1 socks 1 enclave 1 halo 1 nodded 1 wags 1 softly 1 out - of - state 1 lode 1 dictated 1 marketable 1 moved 1 effect 1 transmission 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 search 1 sudden 1 perspective 1 jags 1 demonstrably 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 major 1 wholly 1 primary 1 yore 1 obscured 1 above 1 help 1 play 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 not - so - mild 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 circuits 1 learned 1 million 1 digestive 1 temperate 1 obviously 1 scum 1 carly 's 1 debated 1 practical 1 seal 1 dancing 1 board 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 cumulus 1 giggle 1 chopped 1 guts 1 birds 1 presence 1 god 's 1 stupor 1 wriggled 1 setting 1 somesuch 1 shouted 1 thank 1 type 1 beak 1 situation 1 simultaneously 1 eye 1 magnesia 1 stretch 1 swam 1 whatchyacallem 1 video 1 top 1 crimp 1 mosquito 1 meeting 1 bunch 1 directly 1 prayer 1 alaska 1 ass - end 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 rundown 1 unhinged 1 nests 1 government 1 camouflage - green 1 kliegs 1 reverse 1 bobbing 1 celebrity 1 killing 1 ajar 1 promised 1 smirk 1 ex 1 sorta 1 lipizzaner 1 river 1 fine 1 gypsies 1 chick 1 vietnamese 1 boot 1 hide 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 tea 1 men 1 waiting 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 capricorn 1 666 1 descending 1 horse 1 known 1 gig 1 nuzzling 1 huntin ' 1 word 1 exuberance 1 atop 1 mug 1 ham 1 black - rimmed 1 trench 1 person 1 kingdom 1 wrinkled 1 fire - yellow 1 hated 1 kissed 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 mammals 1 clancy 1 blackjacks 1 corresponds 1 shout 1 fled 1 someone 's 1 jeans 1 biology 1 alpha 1 redwoods 1 detail 1 fries 1 giant 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 cup 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 tributaries 1 center 1 anywho 1 spiked 1 yahoos 1 mom 1 josey 1 bellying 1 threw 1 program 1 lighted 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 wharf 1 indian 1 flick 1 groovy 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 exotic 1 bib 1 bizarre 1 motley 1 taillights 1 beeped 1 bend 1 swiftly 1 misfiled 1 speaking 1 slunk 1 red 1 predatory 1 fuckall 1 development 1 mine 1 lurking 1 zen 1 bye 1 wrapped 1 nicely 1 payday 1 ants 1 horatio 1 swell 1 tourists 1 5 1 jillion 1 fuckin ' 1 outboard 1 flowers 1 pants 1 chilled 1 buses 1 below 1 vans 1 frozen 1 shaped 1 deeper 1 mystery 1 amplified 1 regaling 1 drink 1 sky - high 1 gorillas 1 pumps 1 runaway 1 whispered 1 punched 1 i-5 1 cows 1 squawking 1 comment 1 symbols 1 judging 1 60s 1 posture 1 kudzu 1 whined 1 steel 1 suits 1 vibe 1 beat - to - hell 1 dots 1 mannequin 1 doughy 1 mobile 1 neutral 1 freakin ' 1 height 1 who 's 1 splash 1 shoved 1 beechnut 1 post 1 tile 1 shared 1 paused 1 opposite 1 miami 1 pack 1 repetitious 1 hittin ' 1 accelerated 1 war 1 rig 1 climbed 1 lip 1 ravage 1 floppy 1 sales 1 flatbeds 1 rational 1 hi - fi 1 beast 1 weak 1 ronald 1 wild - eyed 1 blazing 1 wide - brimmed 1 grass 1 experiencing 1 contributing 1 sour 1 cycle 1 options 1 predicted 1 replied 1 helping 1 hapless 1 filter 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 hydrochloric 1 speck 1 recording 1 loitering 1 siphon 1 emotional 1 southbound 1 spaniard 1 radiation 1 distaste 1 bubbling 1 pick 1 plastered 1 reminded 1 exits 1 drained 1 receiving 1 paroxysms 1 polyester 1 date 1 buy 1 implication 1 raid 1 satanists 1 vague 1 edited 1 soldier 1 shades 1 gawd 1 crusty 1 battery 1 loomed 1 every 1 high - pitched 1 litany 1 distances 1 national 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 shampoo 1 infractions 1 undulating 1 calling 1 cattle 1 drama 1 clicking 1 heat 1 shuddered 1 squirming 1 soil 1 measured 1 beside 1 study 1 invaded 1 brewskis 1 proposition 1 buzzed 1 visit 1 inhuman 1 case 1 milling 1 sos 1 bygone 1 seam 1 doncha 1 lolling 1 lean 1 blow 1 roles 1 articles 1 skimming 1 tickle 1 altar 1 smoked 1 cooperate 1 x - group 1 dead 1 together 1 pumping 1 stalks 1 doomsday 1 fracas 1 guessed 1 formed 1 photo 1 trace 1 earned 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 yards 1 ferret - pink 1 roar 1 cheap 1 head - on 1 an ' 1 dentist 's 1 nicked 1 poplar 1 footpath 1 wound 1 sensation 1 truly 1 poked 1 traumatic 1 allen 1 varied 1 shuffled 1 monoliths 1 papered 1 happened 1 thick 1 impact 1 antiquated 1 nail 1 random 1 calgary 1 mexico 1 molasses 1 oil 1 please 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 prohibiting 1 civilization 1 exhalations 1 taser 1 farm 1 opened 1 paperwork 1 defeat 1 collection 1 channel 1 hog 1 glazed 1 murky 1 movement 1 plug 1 large 1 removed 1 mayhem 1 relatively 1 mini - crusade 1 tricked - out 1 junctures 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 grand 1 bulk 1 separated 1 rapist 1 clenched 1 schtick 1 memories 1 credit 1 unpaved 1 applies 1 orphan 1 trembling 1 bunker 1 initial 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 fuss 1 central 1 coronas 1 meds 1 history 1 one - quarter 1 fit 1 entering 1 clank 1 swaying 1 buddies 1 operator 1 generations 1 murmuring 1 swing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 foggy 1 receded 1 mud - encrusted 1 kite 1 hollow 1 alders 1 farmhouses 1 paranoia 1 niagara 1 bulletins 1 nervously 1 mile 1 heart 1 water 1 hind 1 second 1 microsecond 1 mechanical 1 footsteps 1 versus 1 dazzled 1 leg 1 subdivision 1 nascar 1 canyon 1 terror 1 work 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 it 's 1 landing 1 unto 1 itched 1 images 1 shrill 1 service 1 ways 1 emerged 1 forever 1 pro 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 engulfed 1 6 1 feeling 1 inaccurate 1 stickers 1 outta 1 opportune 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 engineers 1 screw 1 structures 1 greedy 1 mixed 1 collisions 1 sylvia 's 1 weight 1 prowler 1 stock 1 full 1 tough 1 dead - heads 1 dreamt 1 penetrating 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 aliens 1 bucks 1 recognized 1 limit 1 loves 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 y' all 1 hidden 1 however 1 extinct 1 grow 1 bird 1 calved 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 crushed 1 drowned 1 chums 1 jug 1 bounced 1 site 1 robert 1 year 1 net 1 algid 1 shadow 1 75 1 announcer 's 1 shambling 1 muscles 1 comedy 1 bush 1 shawl 1 wharf - side 1 screeching 1 motion - sickness 1 shucks 1 communiqu 1 glimpse 1 filthy 1 colombian 1 too - small 1 gramophone 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 craggy 1 breakfast 1 possession 1 private 1 listed 1 montana 1 mohicans 1 cover 1 maternal 1 developments 1 hiccupping 1 marine 1 forged 1 watchdog 1 combed 1 rain 1 hunters 1 very 1 intoned 1 winches 1 welter 1 odds 1 beefy 1 churning 1 slouched 1 eon 1 coughed 1 dry 1 became 1 carson 's 1 numbers 1 ruins 1 overhead 1 strip 1 monotone 1 smashed 1 handle 1 eh 1 equipment 1 dress 1 blurry 1 ambient 1 dedicated 1 bringing 1 lining 1 reputable 1 stopped 1 etymologist 1 zippers 1 retired 1 cold - cocked 1 typed 1 amen 1 pitch 1 waitresses 1 rusted - out 1 improbable 1 ukulele 1 pricked 1 tryin ' 1 companions 1 elementary 1 sat 1 tower 1 losing 1 sundress 1 inspiring 1 argued 1 stampede 1 cop 1 bottomless 1 approached 1 hungrily 1 remembered 1 often 1 intensity 1 wales 1 thus 1 bits 1 chirr 1 supercalifragilisticexpialidocious 1 aquarium 1 changes 1 hold 1 described 1 whiskey 1 hemp 1 indicate 1 named 1 operate 1 labor 1 prison 1 periphery 1 starry 1 great - grandma 1 hour 1 tracks 1 toddler 1 relay 1 scholarship 1 expiration 1 sent 1 occupied 1 mounds ' 1 impressive 1 profanity 1 pavilions 1 crawl 1 motor 1 coke 1 alarm 1 graduated 1 raised 1 royal 1 rejoinder 1 smelled 1 broadcast 1 nostrils 1 broke 1 protest 1 inexplicably 1 chattering 1 slot 1 feed 1 lingered 1 man 'd 1 space 1 lives 1 truth 1 hollywood 1 weeds 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 1950s 1 savage 1 poses 1 female 1 fake 1 inciting 1 heroic 1 clove 1 firearms 1 reeked 1 prehistoric 1 branch 1 fuel 1 kill 1 wisely 1 suchlike 1 haggard 1 presumably 1 squat 1 women 1 thirty - six 1 angeles 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 stale 1 furiously 1 children 1 day 1 hay 1 lulled 1 contortions 1 engineer 1 suppose 1 needle 1 hole - in - the - wall 1 garbed 1 faces 1 companies 1 costume 1 single 1 signal 1 wasps 1 drew 1 yuppie 1 copping 1 mildly 1 comprehension 1 plexiglass 1 television 1 contrary 1 signature 1 shoes 1 dna 1 knocking 1 admitted 1 redneck 1 darted 1 intact 1 appeared 1 backward 1 ding - dong 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 lookin ' 1 propped 1 displeasure 1 bleach 1 lethargic 1 glad 1 vengeance 1 reno 1 warn 1 low - gliding 1 macaroni 1 cared 1 toe 1 erectile 1 quote 1 seismic 1 mike 1 depiction 1 stream 1 conjured 1 spare 1 headlock 1 non- 1 parted 1 miscreants 1 dope 1 reparation 1 dreams 1 trip 1 response 1 pecker 1 weird 1 dialing 1 dredged 1 clad 1 rights 1 specialty 1 bust 1 pastures 1 native 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 tribal 1 spain 1 machinery 1 walking 1 bank 1 covered 1 dirty - faced 1 slap 1 samoan 1 wispy 1 knees 1 unhitch 1 they ' ve 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 struggle 1 rodeo 1 holiday 1 handmade 1 pacific 1 boarded 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 near - fainting 1 unreasonable 1 weighed 1 deals 1 marmalade 1 intersected 1 cluster 1 mother 1 rude 1 shook 1 dust 1 driver - side 1 grandfather 1 retiree 1 prosthesis 1 unpleasant 1 true 1 pontiac 1 grabs 1 incongruously 1 looks 1 background 1 chastely 1 sven 1 remote 1 leaf 1 goodbye 1 meninges 1 believe 1 burrow 1 high - centered 1 flee 1 reveal 1 trailing 1 moving 1 muckety - mucks 1 anywhere 1 solid 1 debate 1 creepy 1 garble 1 mounted 1 change 1 springs 1 longingly 1 thirty 1 yellowish 1 stashed 1 smoker 's 1 expecting 1 beneficial 1 faring 1 unnatural 1 confiscated 1 ghetto 1 rag 1 schoolmates 1 familiar 1 machine 1 crowded 1 absentee 1 assumed 1 forehead 1 dysfunction 1 washington 's 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 child - god 1 pull 1 monkey 1 thirty - second 1 swearing 1 small 1 dread 1 wind - burned 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 found 1 hurled 1 elicit 1 click 1 staring 1 diagrams 1 bigger 1 adventures 1 canadian 1 maples 1 gaggle 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 vice 1 sunk 1 unsettling 1 dozen 1 swallow 1 moines 1 zilch 1 skinny 1 chugging 1 shabby 1 nearly 1 complicity 1 sensational 1 jeeps 1 held 1 clear 1 pierced 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 rerun 1 fiddle 1 minute 1 tampered 1 purposes 1 bullet 1 school 1 secretaries 1 suffer 1 talkin ' 1 stealthy 1 pause 1 turns 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 once 1 cursed 1 killed 1 anesthesia 1 dangerously 1 adrenaline 1 expired 1 seamy 1 jailing 1 navigated 1 sunburn 1 starlet 1 headed 1 withdrawal 's 1 preserve 1 trailers 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 joined 1 amid 1 comrades 1 flare 1 manila 1 past - due 1 version 1 payout 1 desperado 1 sprint 1 tag 1 exploits 1 correct 1 u - turn 1 momentary 1 80s 1 watcha 1 general 1 hypotheses 1 spelled 1 two - tone 1 lovely 1 deep - space 1 quiet 1 bitter 1 closer 1 fooled 1 club 1 prepared 1 list 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 extremely 1 complain 1 tunnel 1 speeding 1 flirting 1 cloud 1 thrum 1 raise 1 gotten 1 hunter 1 pathetic 1 homes 1 acid 1 safety 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 rote 1 poster 1 unlike 1 controversy 1 chance 1 beers 1 scoop 1 convertible 1 instant 1 favored 1 imagery 1 glue 1 cinder - streaked 1 scout 1 wreckage 1 tube 1 thumbed 1 indices 1 armpit 1 schmuck 1 bagged 1 marooned 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 glasses 1 limbaugh 1 stalled 1 epiphany 1 swivel 1 stacks 1 mart 1 drowsed 1 abc 1 mosey 1 hang 1 crossed 1 shop 1 rear 1 phenomena 1 squirted 1 listen 1 spectrum 1 derelict 1 q 1 touching 1 shake 1 football 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 lowlife 1 reduced 1 repair 1 discotheque 1 live 1 tepid 1 doldrums 1 soul 1 confessing 1 deed 1 melodrama 1 reddening 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 h 1 consumed 1 chitin 1 structure 1 oh - two 1 woulda 923 .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i ' m 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you ' ve 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i ' ve 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would ' ve 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might ' ve 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'm on 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could ' ve 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray - white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone - white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive - compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we ' ve 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half - dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must ' ve 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety - six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 i d 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned - down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half - formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen - hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut - in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard - line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half - expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led - brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait - wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late - shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip - lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill - conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide - eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two - thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key - mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute - as - buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major - domo 1 competitors 1 euro - trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half - century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western - style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety - five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty - year - old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty - minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross - eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard - copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club - hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry - on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd - class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long - lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers - on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half - crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin - diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once - tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open - collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half - crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone - weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red - faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold - hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english - speaking 1 pen 1 state - of - the - art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray - haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half - shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government - issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow - figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low - flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high - powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve - hundred - dollar 1 rebuked 1 space - age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed - circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so - called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose - lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish - tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well - cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit - faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten - gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid - note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet - sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen - mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can - do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe - lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two - bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late - night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three - hundred - dollar 1 get - together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty - night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper - sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long - ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business - class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue - haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee - doodle 1 mildred 1 run - down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin - shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip - hip - hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell - dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty - odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well - off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair - raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high - tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot - binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee - heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive - aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain - smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare - chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm - hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka - dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex - fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what ' ve 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high - functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes - men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty - feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still - life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul - killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better - dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti - colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half - dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower - print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter - skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull - necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big - game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half - folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they ' ve 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand - tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard - looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half - melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm - up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy - blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two - piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty - seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal - dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well - groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would - be 1 all - consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm - hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better - connected 1 ill - advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good - old - boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow - eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy - eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white - water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half - magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
the lagerstatte - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the lagerstatte 769 the 501 and 377 a 355 of 298 her 218 she 209 in 208 to 137 was 128 danni 109 it 103 i 95 s 87 with 81 you 80 his 75 at 72 on 71 t 70 that 65 as 61 from 59 he 55 merrill 55 into 50 for 50 said 48 had 45 were 43 d 43 like 40 an 38 they 36 virgil 32 what 32 by 32 green 31 there 30 dr 29 their 27 this 26 no 26 through 25 but 25 when 24 one 23 its 22 against 22 hand 21 or 21 up 21 eyes 20 me 20 if 20 so 20 over 20 made 20 not 19 all 18 norma 18 away 18 leslie 17 where 17 black 17 about 17 wasn 17 do 16 back 16 did 16 don 16 face 16 cigarette 15 we 15 hands 15 them 15 didn 15 been 15 before 14 who 14 him 14 more 14 be 14 too 14 got 14 off 14 home 14 are 14 door 13 keith 13 after 13 m 13 is 13 began 13 my 13 then 13 blood 13 around 12 get 12 went 12 apartment 12 nothing 12 have 12 oh 12 several 12 water 12 ned 12 between 12 lost 12 out 11 would 11 go 11 way 11 herself 11 left 11 some 11 know 11 how 11 time 11 down 11 took 10 arms 10 table 10 husband 10 hair 10 dark 10 little 10 came 10 much 10 only 10 come 10 lagerst 10 until 10 few 10 think 10 2006 10 open 10 blue 10 mouth 10 smoked 10 because 10 found 10 room 10 first 9 gone 9 your 9 any 9 good 9 stood 9 tte 9 fell 9 these 9 night 9 head 8 can 8 even 8 white 8 say 8 shadows 8 glass 8 why 8 hospital 8 man 8 closed 8 although 8 red 8 fingers 8 couldn 8 long 8 might 8 shadow 8 light 8 thought 8 looked 8 faces 8 friend 8 ve 8 small 8 anything 7 really 7 something 7 rolled 7 many 7 than 7 smoke 7 bone 7 look 7 wall 7 upon 7 another 7 now 7 knew 7 fugue 7 pressed 7 stared 7 second 7 ashtray 7 quite 7 here 7 though 7 day 7 while 7 take 7 brown 6 people 6 set 6 could 6 eventually 6 never 6 those 6 bed 6 just 6 kind 6 folder 6 again 6 course 6 other 6 world 6 walls 6 slowly 6 human 6 turned 6 place 6 market 6 police 6 men 6 lighted 6 old 6 during 6 life 6 every 6 couple 6 among 6 still 6 very 6 sat 6 secret 6 beneath 6 yes 6 called 6 across 6 amid 6 tried 5 ran 5 keep 5 behind 5 want 5 knife 5 right 5 plastic 5 near 5 cigarettes 5 past 5 under 5 our 5 group 5 living 5 woman 5 someone 5 sure 5 voice 5 last 5 toward 5 bus 5 august 5 shoulders 5 okay 5 wanted 5 leaned 5 windows 5 may 5 graveyard 5 best 5 teeth 5 tin 5 curtain 5 box 5 fine 5 watch 5 hell 5 city 5 clipboard 5 mostly 5 darkness 5 suits 5 feet 5 places 5 maybe 5 cold 5 closet 5 own 5 happened 5 opened 5 large 5 love 5 work 5 6 5 two 5 each 5 session 5 year 5 became 5 stopped 5 always 5 garden 5 re 5 locked 5 nearly 5 claimed 5 window 5 elephants 5 guilt 5 years 5 bought 5 saw 4 sheets 4 drunk 4 stone 4 better 4 ll 4 square 4 evening 4 building 4 expression 4 dragged 4 sleep 4 third 4 foreign 4 area 4 lips 4 terrace 4 months 4 metal 4 chair 4 narrow 4 nose 4 breasts 4 doctor 4 mommy 4 stuck 4 33 4 middle 4 regarded 4 kitchen 4 seemed 4 choice 4 bedroom 4 well 4 yeah 4 figure 4 being 4 hard 4 far 4 also 4 shot 4 l 4 son 4 has 4 days 4 shiny 4 ice 4 mean 4 brain 4 lights 4 bit 4 eye 4 things 4 curled 4 grief 4 business 4 important 4 wrapped 4 ants 4 car 4 below 4 pack 4 family 4 getting 4 removed 4 sense 4 leaves 4 half 4 double 4 trees 4 nice 4 steam 4 weeks 4 friends 4 yet 4 slid 4 women 4 since 4 done 4 shook 4 guy 4 coast 4 moving 4 familiar 4 corpses 4 dozen 4 low 4 see 4 glasses 4 brought 4 thing 4 live 3 taken 3 married 3 going 3 death 3 loaded 3 ear 3 breath 3 return 3 rocks 3 cracks 3 drugs 3 arrived 3 couch 3 profound 3 plucked 3 bad 3 edges 3 bottom 3 hot 3 bleeding 3 tiles 3 die 3 fire 3 conversations 3 simple 3 beach 3 god 3 orange 3 college 3 wheels 3 alone 3 alcohol 3 kept 3 iron 3 neck 3 end 3 particular 3 beautiful 3 smiled 3 definitely 3 friday 3 stumbled 3 pretty 3 voices 3 handles 3 flicked 3 welcome 3 most 3 shapes 3 sorts 3 confused 3 fixed 3 next 3 circle 3 company 3 palm 3 big 3 passing 3 liked 3 handed 3 clothes 3 music 3 inside 3 settled 3 kids 3 parents 3 petrified 3 soft 3 news 3 air 3 cops 3 baby 3 wires 3 number 3 waited 3 exhaled 3 coat 3 damp 3 baseball 3 barron 3 piled 3 mahan 3 such 3 dangerous 3 angry 3 apple 3 week 3 minutes 3 therapy 3 dried 3 crumbled 3 rail 3 gift 3 moved 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 play 3 shrugged 3 certain 3 bunch 3 alaska 3 jagged 3 occasionally 3 plane 3 waking 3 utterly 3 doors 3 fiction 3 does 3 everything 3 lunch 3 wiped 3 hours 3 deeper 3 mystery 3 lady 3 talk 3 bathroom 3 fork 3 morning 3 drive 3 somewhere 3 fist 3 isn 3 sky 3 arm 3 candy 3 ago 3 surface 3 dead 3 security 3 crawled 3 apartments 3 thick 3 run 3 please 3 everybody 3 rock 3 grand 3 memory 3 bones 3 memories 3 plate 3 record 3 feel 3 heart 3 legs 3 terror 3 whether 3 forever 3 three 3 horror 3 minor 3 smile 3 hidden 3 drowned 3 let 3 photos 3 breakfast 3 sweat 3 exactly 3 ring 3 deep 3 sun 3 summer 3 named 3 sent 3 spread 3 smelled 3 shower 3 beetle 3 body 3 drew 3 pocket 3 television 3 appeared 3 wooden 3 himself 3 within 3 led 3 tongue 3 wants 3 weird 3 pills 3 haven 3 walking 3 tour 3 shoulder 3 empty 3 dust 3 used 3 press 3 swallowed 3 believe 3 gloom 3 thirty 3 point 3 bulb 3 drank 3 staring 3 fantasy 3 held 3 circumstances 3 stepped 3 read 3 once 3 wore 3 floor 3 either 3 noticed 3 accident 3 yang 3 tell 3 supper 3 simply 3 gleaming 3 along 3 hips 3 jacket 3 reduced 2 dropped 2 gray 2 trust 2 fuck 2 seeing 2 cool 2 magazine 2 matter 2 growl 2 whom 2 fresh 2 attendant 2 serious 2 rose 2 already 2 heavily 2 position 2 disgust 2 yellow 2 real 2 poison 2 tooth 2 vanilla 2 chutes 2 drifted 2 both 2 shut 2 concrete 2 shelves 2 wet 2 existence 2 doing 2 pots 2 muscular 2 ashes 2 haunted 2 self 2 dad 2 character 2 rather 2 stuff 2 cute 2 late 2 foot 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 marriage 2 fix 2 sick 2 moss 2 four 2 starched 2 sea 2 smoking 2 expected 2 rib 2 silent 2 dresser 2 talking 2 act 2 planned 2 silhouette 2 cheek 2 withered 2 spurious 2 damned 2 purse 2 revulsion 2 wedding 2 seldom 2 picked 2 dirty 2 soaked 2 later 2 poured 2 understand 2 passed 2 introduced 2 inches 2 moments 2 brother 2 overheated 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 miss 2 laird 2 scarcely 2 9 2 butt 2 piece 2 sticky 2 sorry 2 margarita 2 corona 2 chest 2 growing 2 birthday 2 child 2 grown 2 onto 2 new 2 finger 2 screamed 2 lying 2 trembled 2 actually 2 occasional 2 weekends 2 pleasant 2 plaster 2 floors 2 warehouse 2 hoped 2 beat 2 pallid 2 ten 2 insides 2 information 2 flight 2 insisted 2 stayed 2 begged 2 rim 2 recall 2 sometimes 2 park 2 strong 2 meet 2 matches 2 state 2 slime 2 scar 2 fly 2 least 2 decided 2 cargo 2 tighter 2 identity 2 fascinating 2 crowd 2 everywhere 2 cheeks 2 fabric 2 recorder 2 simulacrum 2 certainly 2 carefully 2 else 2 suspect 2 somebody 2 exhausted 2 career 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 disappeared 2 salt 2 ritual 2 ant 2 ties 2 hallway 2 lit 2 glanced 2 investigator 2 except 2 sucked 2 forest 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 frosted 2 fill 2 laid 2 sex 2 frantic 2 warmth 2 office 2 possibilities 2 bolt 2 none 2 followed 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 meant 2 emergency 2 rough 2 vendors 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 makeup 2 lie 2 funeral 2 different 2 hers 2 remember 2 shard 2 suicide 2 sound 2 stranger 2 folded 2 mess 2 golden 2 throbbed 2 pink 2 papers 2 incomprehensible 2 scrambled 2 join 2 authentic 2 whippoorwill 2 packed 2 anonymous 2 shape 2 chuckled 2 current 2 forth 2 hadn 2 cry 2 apparent 2 filled 2 bottle 2 corners 2 boiled 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 medication 2 coarse 2 band 2 corpse 2 doesn 2 mentioned 2 masks 2 clouds 2 belly 2 returned 2 stay 2 perhaps 2 sudden 2 trying 2 major 2 thinks 2 elevator 2 matters 2 previous 2 studied 2 masonry 2 flesh 2 naked 2 nature 2 vomited 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 professional 2 told 2 should 2 promised 2 seek 2 mention 2 interest 2 poor 2 sliced 2 known 2 visits 2 cessna 2 tapped 2 dementia 2 house 2 houses 2 earth 2 outside 2 slipped 2 eyeballs 2 difficult 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 girl 2 wharf 2 spun 2 itself 2 mattress 2 anyway 2 wrapping 2 inhaled 2 drink 2 stirred 2 painted 2 writing 2 fetal 2 rising 2 cramped 2 extended 2 contained 2 salmon 2 gestured 2 muted 2 honey 2 caught 2 according 2 reminded 2 twined 2 mistaken 2 cards 2 rubber 2 squash 2 moment 2 mirror 2 glenna 2 terrible 2 pushed 2 vineyards 2 lifted 2 spoke 2 clicking 2 brass 2 buzzed 2 visit 2 inhuman 2 seam 2 bitch 2 grieving 2 lounge 2 episodes 2 opaque 2 untouched 2 east 2 unmistakably 2 cheap 2 lived 2 currently 2 signs 2 aside 2 collection 2 legend 2 runyon 2 gathered 2 types 2 rested 2 burned 2 seems 2 smeared 2 chose 2 shivered 2 sliding 2 scant 2 whose 2 thinking 2 started 2 blouse 2 stories 2 landing 2 service 2 clipping 2 silence 2 cardboard 2 void 2 shaft 2 progress 2 identification 2 finished 2 fifth 2 close 2 block 2 however 2 bird 2 shots 2 filthy 2 foul 2 listed 2 skin 2 grim 2 tar 2 ephemeral 2 tight 2 hey 2 feels 2 stars 2 groaned 2 benches 2 curtains 2 strangers 2 recovered 2 suit 2 six 2 remembered 2 similar 2 whiskey 2 felt 2 same 2 license 2 loose 2 shade 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 book 2 put 2 wedged 2 trash 2 fake 2 reeked 2 piles 2 vineyard 2 beer 2 am 2 essentially 2 taking 2 children 2 problems 2 magazines 2 hole - in - the - wall 2 path 2 pulled 2 watched 2 scurrying 2 winery 2 echoed 2 dreams 2 tiny 2 says 2 knees 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 sheila 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 moldering 2 slightly 2 mother 2 grandfather 2 shouts 2 steps 2 fashion 2 creepy 2 further 2 happily 2 laughed 2 fetish 2 institute 2 glowed 2 floating 2 sold 2 sunken 2 bostonian 2 cried 2 which 2 shaking 2 dread 2 color 2 instead 2 glow 2 shabby 2 pure 2 dozed 2 fifty 2 mold 2 school 2 bobby 2 wings 2 rubble 2 killed 2 tracking 2 scattered 2 technician 2 apparition 2 heavy 2 ghostly 2 cupped 2 walked 2 agreed 2 lovely 2 closer 2 leave 2 street 2 shirt 2 enough 2 name 2 loyal 2 stomach 2 cream 2 painkillers 2 shop 2 flirted 2 shake 2 drop 2 hugged 2 kirkston 2 ghosts 2 remained 2 tepid 2 fountain 2 times 2 soul 2 checked 2 high 2 scene 1 descended 1 yelled 1 voluptuous 1 swiveled 1 agitation 1 belonged 1 twenty 1 cylinder 1 trendy 1 motionless 1 interview 1 riptides 1 bay 1 gloves 1 artistic 1 jackhammers 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 skeins 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 address 1 mimicking 1 tenderness 1 injected 1 adrenal 1 favorite 1 naturalist 1 fiercely 1 hats 1 swarm 1 initials 1 wizened 1 museums 1 resonates 1 conducting 1 giving 1 slung 1 staircase 1 well - meaning 1 muck 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 finality 1 grapes 1 importance 1 miserable 1 goddamned 1 eminently 1 lift 1 depths 1 sink 1 quasi - strangers 1 tranquilizers 1 hear 1 truck 1 blandly 1 banging 1 show 1 abiding 1 kingwood 1 immediately 1 cooked 1 gather 1 robe 1 repeating 1 storeroom 1 commiserated 1 final 1 anymore 1 surprise 1 sulked 1 excess 1 la 1 sci 1 thanked 1 shitty 1 fumes 1 antennas 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 tap 1 slabs 1 latter 1 doc 1 flash 1 drafting 1 embraced 1 affiliation 1 taffy 1 rent 1 holding 1 drain 1 hissed 1 professionally 1 smudge 1 soundless 1 fainting 1 pearl 1 happy 1 trauma 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 milk 1 dipped 1 grad 1 pulse 1 partner 1 gedding 1 seconds 1 cartons 1 dissolved 1 teach 1 radiated 1 obvious 1 smacked 1 remedies 1 stained 1 1960s 1 met 1 novellas 1 sicilian 1 missed 1 fidelity 1 referred 1 polite 1 sashes 1 detached 1 research 1 carpeted 1 brow 1 surgically 1 sight 1 religion 1 scourged 1 perfect 1 icy 1 quantities 1 flew 1 two - hour 1 neil 1 sparsely 1 lectured 1 blocked 1 offered 1 jumble 1 thurman 1 located 1 abruptly 1 pass 1 hybrid 1 seamless 1 eating 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 nasty 1 habits 1 relief 1 lamb 1 draping 1 funk 1 excitement 1 munitions 1 telescoped 1 insistence 1 mumble 1 burrows 1 brilliant 1 reflections 1 coroner 1 boats 1 checks 1 sorted 1 emperor 1 deutsch 1 geological 1 dismay 1 boy 1 folks 1 carolina 1 faithless 1 spasms 1 zigzags 1 thunder 1 vapors 1 pigeon 1 shock 1 interstices 1 planning 1 spray 1 blur 1 clasping 1 academic 1 soiling 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 mortar 1 horrible 1 beams 1 honeymoon 1 decker 1 restaurant 1 enter 1 closely 1 scrub 1 age 1 cure 1 sock 1 downward 1 luncheon 1 draft 1 inn 1 distorted 1 windsurfers 1 eight - week 1 feigned 1 adversary 1 fried 1 key 1 comets 1 plan 1 shudder 1 magnificent 1 shale 1 replaced 1 usual 1 reversing 1 heavy - duty 1 hasty 1 sheet 1 today 1 hmm 1 sport 1 charming 1 insectoid 1 2 1 fang 1 champeen 1 card 1 poised 1 creepers 1 sinking 1 shambled 1 hitching 1 cotton 1 selective 1 attend 1 dawn 1 prisoner 1 grits 1 primordial 1 meat 1 hungry 1 omission 1 experience 1 entire 1 escapes 1 mixing 1 squad 1 brochure 1 fitzwater 1 decayed 1 doubted 1 luck 1 thousand - dollar 1 checkering 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 lows 1 melodramatic 1 dream 1 humid 1 frantically 1 invoked 1 clawing 1 leading 1 din 1 pathological 1 nosebleed 1 cliff 1 beekeeper 1 trapped 1 action 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 fat 1 coffee 1 ever - scrabbling 1 swimming 1 bare 1 murmured 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 tenderloin 1 gravity 1 elderly 1 wearing 1 flashes 1 tai 1 turning 1 proprietary 1 throw 1 exact 1 fiber 1 objections 1 supreme 1 watching 1 escorted 1 commentary 1 half - digested 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 calculi 1 entomologist 1 dry - cleaning 1 remaining 1 spilled 1 german 1 software 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 fast 1 tweed 1 gate 1 ripped 1 carrion 1 match 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 southern 1 riding 1 shopping 1 angular 1 conservative 1 bloody 1 prickle 1 ymca 1 purchase 1 running 1 phantom 1 boggy 1 tended 1 gulf 1 beacons 1 swept 1 gully 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 lackluster 1 tasting 1 beyond 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 bone - white 1 grasped 1 original 1 increase 1 speedy 1 outdoor 1 craved 1 brick 1 masque 1 stiff 1 pit 1 aching 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 tragically 1 tuning 1 literary 1 wandered 1 rooftop 1 possible 1 suicides 1 grocery 1 buttocks 1 trail 1 turn 1 export 1 split 1 chicken 1 jack 1 gave 1 anxiety 1 kerosene 1 steins 1 guides 1 hosted 1 shit 1 bug 1 kicked 1 letters 1 features 1 squeal 1 entryway 1 arachnids 1 button 1 drumbeat 1 sweetie 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 peas 1 centipedes 1 determined 1 overly 1 hasn 1 yep 1 buildings 1 trajectory 1 zinfandel 1 radio 1 stab 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 ocean 1 urine 1 dropping 1 soon 1 records 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 reach 1 bowls 1 reliable 1 great 1 pilot 1 noticing 1 discern 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 without 1 pictures 1 department 1 chapter 1 fragmented 1 fine - arts 1 brightened 1 surgeon 1 perennial 1 admonishment 1 intelligible 1 burgess 1 dry - ice 1 cork 1 morbidly 1 11 1 continued 1 tide 1 suspected 1 landfill 1 grates 1 zero 1 usurped 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 ankle 1 resides 1 tense 1 footage 1 sunbeam 1 dank 1 stud 1 abridging 1 copy 1 bumpy 1 order 1 following 1 parasol 1 fed 1 succession 1 dents 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wavered 1 leech 1 cognizant 1 confession 1 brand - new 1 angles 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 tray 1 interested 1 nursed 1 slumped 1 condensed 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 span 1 victims 1 eternal 1 takes 1 amateur 1 parody 1 subtly 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 screwy 1 thud 1 steep 1 doped 1 entirely 1 buckle 1 boardwalk 1 jersey 1 flung 1 composed 1 vital 1 respectively 1 needed 1 badge 1 crosstown 1 innocent 1 sugar 1 rattled 1 rainy - day 1 incidents 1 experienced 1 messy 1 repulsively 1 characters 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 wide 1 teased 1 rasp 1 delusional 1 pastel 1 dye 1 seated 1 couples 1 sanatorium 1 actual 1 horribly 1 begins 1 special 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 flailing 1 alignment 1 choking 1 palms 1 anyone 1 gin 1 containers 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 awful 1 traveling 1 dew 1 eight 1 tablecloth 1 forward 1 stalagmites 1 acquired 1 stung 1 tourniquet 1 swirled 1 madness 1 exemplary 1 colleagues 1 tilted 1 velvet 1 sake 1 standby 1 rubbery 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 mini 1 knee - deep 1 sedatives 1 chattered 1 deluge 1 ceiling 1 report 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 class 1 destabilize 1 roof 1 passenger 1 vowing 1 bustled 1 freewheeling 1 desert 1 migration 1 stop 1 waist 1 nomads 1 wallet 1 hat 1 snarl 1 topple 1 blizzard 1 bulled 1 ducked 1 gravitation 1 village 1 soup 1 punctured 1 shanty 1 paints 1 yawned 1 phase 1 amniotic 1 neither 1 explained 1 survived 1 part 1 rescue 1 beds 1 fact 1 shifted 1 drug 1 knows 1 yelped 1 plates 1 archway 1 canteen - like 1 gates 1 noisy 1 hooked 1 cedar 1 absolutely 1 imposter 1 blind 1 patches 1 moaned 1 ached 1 despairing 1 treatises 1 firing 1 avaricious 1 balanced 1 forests 1 nuzzle 1 late - dinner 1 humor 1 weekly 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 intention 1 west 1 traced 1 fishing 1 museum 1 cleared 1 axis 1 probably 1 sand 1 rode 1 indifference 1 rub 1 heard 1 tobacco 1 flat 1 elbow 1 reordering 1 fixated 1 senior 1 freestanding 1 akin 1 chatted 1 madly 1 plaintive 1 littering 1 degrees 1 depending 1 tremors 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 insects 1 wastes 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 tucked 1 creaked 1 skull 1 unfortunately 1 paper 1 drool 1 lecture 1 caramel 1 uniform 1 notes 1 tten 1 self - destruction 1 almost 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 duty 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 died 1 washed 1 twelve 1 frightened 1 cast 1 fluorescent 1 phosphorus 1 hit 1 recognizable 1 science 1 assailant 1 coke - blacked 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 melanomas 1 burning 1 flying 1 worry 1 ngers 1 odor 1 tip 1 hanging 1 departed 1 movies 1 guidebook 1 grew 1 coyly 1 chewed 1 adults 1 galvanized 1 helplessness 1 calcified 1 somehow 1 mist 1 tuberculosis 1 barren 1 lush 1 slosh 1 receptionist 1 cairns 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 slam 1 ripeness 1 location 1 glacier 1 playing 1 window - shopping 1 tomorrow 1 bury 1 hiding 1 busy 1 souls 1 focus 1 aspect 1 strings 1 well - deserved 1 resources 1 frightening 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 discuss 1 sighed 1 addict 1 plank 1 positive 1 planter 1 phantoms 1 steady 1 infant 1 ordered 1 jittering 1 unrecognizable 1 rails 1 stamped 1 intense 1 shift 1 desiccated 1 buttons 1 egyptian 1 buzzing 1 exercises 1 import 1 alley 1 blue - black 1 studying 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 fond 1 jaw 1 pits 1 carpet 1 lengthening 1 miracles 1 lowering 1 frighten 1 reef 1 twitching 1 shone 1 bins 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 shearing 1 internal 1 longing 1 drawled 1 becomes 1 marsh 1 cityscape 1 posh 1 numerals 1 components 1 ridges 1 scratching 1 shattered 1 ambulance 1 blurred 1 intimate 1 gun 1 hurt 1 quartz 1 ash 1 thudded 1 university 1 quit 1 friendly 1 tendrils 1 masses 1 spilling 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 northwest 1 corroded 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 lye 1 earthiness 1 boycott 1 straps 1 harangues 1 powerful 1 manner 1 finer 1 advertising 1 salary 1 closed - circuit 1 acres 1 tediousness 1 tavern 1 write 1 culture 1 cured 1 commercial 1 guide 1 genetic 1 smug 1 washington 1 speakers 1 worse 1 blouses 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 broken 1 mad 1 reports 1 encased 1 adjustments 1 descent 1 holes 1 self - disgust 1 silhouetted 1 doused 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 row 1 compacted 1 stacked 1 honk 1 cab 1 tails 1 concussion 1 filmy 1 willow 1 upside 1 bordering 1 approaching 1 brighter 1 genesis 1 depressing 1 excursion 1 blearily 1 sank 1 insurance 1 pitchy 1 disorder 1 moldy 1 early 1 breach 1 maniacal 1 snapshots 1 sluicing 1 road 1 additionally 1 form 1 traveled 1 give 1 prick 1 murk 1 raptly 1 complementary 1 throng 1 amnesia 1 subdued 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 vanished 1 scare 1 scanned 1 fibrous 1 various 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 persuasive 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 flour 1 elucidate 1 pitifully 1 battalion 1 booths 1 astral 1 lurched 1 possibly 1 decorated 1 pact 1 hid 1 nightcaps 1 suckled 1 copper 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 cod 1 presently 1 drawl 1 hall 1 planes 1 diamond 1 depression 1 trained 1 surreal 1 squelched 1 dressing 1 blocks 1 limbo 1 wryly 1 widow 1 veins 1 undergrowth 1 turkish 1 hesitated 1 photographers 1 manhattans 1 casual 1 glare 1 walk 1 reintegrate 1 fingernails 1 rocked 1 graveyards 1 notched 1 flickering 1 summed 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 managed 1 disreputable 1 summoned 1 commune 1 wrecked 1 kindly 1 proved 1 identical 1 stern 1 presume 1 distancing 1 sockets 1 intermittently 1 laughingly 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 indoor 1 rot 1 question 1 stagnant 1 carried 1 required 1 lusterless 1 mannerisms 1 admit 1 animals 1 bled 1 nightclubs 1 sweater 1 related 1 scents 1 boulevard 1 reaching 1 loafers 1 fallen 1 gaunt 1 overcast 1 sashimi 1 pub 1 albeit 1 anger 1 improving 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 green - black 1 galleries 1 paw 1 camp 1 picnic 1 blade 1 fund 1 fear 1 especially 1 cut 1 evidence 1 haphazard 1 rush 1 easy 1 bohemian 1 streaking 1 europe 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 preoccupations 1 broom 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 projects 1 listless 1 girlie 1 ruined 1 copses 1 skulls 1 tingle 1 peers 1 furnaces 1 giants 1 tequila 1 dinosaur 1 sap 1 castrato 1 evaporated 1 jackets 1 pain 1 overwhelmed 1 drooping 1 lenses 1 martyr 1 rows 1 badly 1 suffocation 1 edge 1 poetry 1 ancient 1 ruby 1 comfortable 1 scent 1 catch 1 north 1 pane 1 recollection 1 corroding 1 groin 1 clerk 1 hiroshima 1 gaps 1 fingertips 1 staccato 1 trillions 1 christ 1 illumination 1 abyss 1 instantly 1 dripping 1 bruising 1 chinese 1 jewelry 1 geometry 1 in - laws 1 bulged 1 exhaust 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 complex 1 flies 1 keychain 1 dirt 1 feng 1 phone 1 mouthful 1 sickness 1 housing 1 partners 1 visceral 1 imitation 1 convincing 1 burnt 1 hurl 1 element 1 auction 1 plainclothes 1 giddily 1 sacks 1 watering 1 reprinted 1 hotel 1 lapsed 1 meter 1 smoldered 1 slash 1 winked 1 expat 1 self - help 1 smokestack 1 rid 1 drooled 1 throat 1 penthouse 1 contributed 1 words 1 seducing 1 use 1 depressives 1 alongside 1 stubs 1 despite 1 shallow 1 white - rimmed 1 arrayed 1 mattered 1 nameless 1 collarbone 1 maker 1 lamp 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 porch 1 confidence 1 tenacity 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 events 1 rusty 1 near - death 1 thrust 1 expressionless 1 black - magic 1 threatened 1 essential 1 march 1 mistaking 1 safe 1 fellow 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 notion 1 established 1 whisper 1 spent 1 hoarse 1 nodded 1 wrinkles 1 dresses 1 sox 1 softly 1 partying 1 curiosity 1 onset 1 efficiency 1 aging 1 survivor 1 rift 1 complicit 1 weren 1 effect 1 silvery 1 organs 1 off - tempo 1 betraying 1 liquored 1 greasy 1 backs 1 piano 1 kiss 1 rooftops 1 lay 1 guarded 1 entrance 1 cycled 1 bullshit 1 bumped 1 react 1 adjoining 1 issues 1 wholly 1 gasoline 1 forget 1 merge 1 disembodied 1 tugged 1 consciousness 1 drifting 1 noise 1 cruel 1 cope 1 wobbly 1 mother - in - law 1 recommend 1 learned 1 migrate 1 modest 1 scum 1 stumbling 1 rags 1 flapping 1 charges 1 brea 1 slack 1 seams 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 carrots 1 choked 1 elbows 1 curses 1 breast 1 grasp 1 birds 1 placed 1 tissues 1 urban 1 resonance 1 girth 1 upright 1 sulfurous 1 knitted 1 warped 1 worked 1 lonely 1 smirked 1 ended 1 classy 1 flooded 1 situation 1 note 1 jungle 1 winos 1 stretch 1 cord 1 breaths 1 swam 1 tub 1 south 1 disillusionment 1 top 1 flanked 1 morose 1 mosquito 1 tusks 1 prayer 1 china 1 door - to - door 1 swooned 1 precipice 1 airliner 1 umbilical 1 bobbing 1 clipped 1 contact 1 famous 1 cloaked 1 gym 1 collapse 1 semiconscious 1 clanking 1 artist 1 exoticus 1 snagged 1 trickled 1 spider 1 bar 1 bathtub 1 wrenched 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 propeller 1 hey - hey 1 hide 1 smiling 1 tea 1 answered 1 causeway 1 sensibilities 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 clinical 1 thighs 1 drums 1 pour 1 huskies 1 build 1 forensics 1 mailbox 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 driftwood 1 consumes 1 masochistic 1 staples 1 backyard 1 stroked 1 deader 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 bouffant 1 ceramic 1 scuffled 1 person 1 shell 1 reporting 1 jazz 1 symmetry 1 wrinkled 1 whirring 1 hated 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 line 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 helpful 1 ankles 1 bower 1 olympia 1 clich 1 stated 1 euphoria 1 jigsaw 1 piebald 1 detail 1 automatically 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 giant 1 need 1 umbra 1 thankfully 1 cherubs 1 zippo 1 graphic 1 pennants 1 process 1 tributaries 1 young 1 assiduously 1 senseless 1 froze 1 working 1 packages 1 mom 1 rotted 1 print 1 program 1 reception 1 substance 1 inexorably 1 tears 1 ineluctable 1 humanity 1 patted 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 nimbus 1 snarling 1 iridescent 1 ecosystem 1 development 1 mine 1 support 1 sackcloth 1 swell 1 including 1 encyclopedias 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 rawboned 1 bureau 1 portion 1 multiplied 1 porcelain 1 pants 1 pussy 1 stain 1 shrimp 1 wrote 1 volunteer 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 negative 1 wavering 1 wood 1 goddamn 1 bread 1 frozen 1 encountered 1 shaped 1 pointless 1 speak 1 tallow 1 grade 1 temporary 1 equally 1 methods 1 cape 1 accusing 1 layers 1 recently 1 sheltering 1 radiology 1 squeaking 1 lover 1 warned 1 waving 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sweet - and - sour 1 sagging 1 strenuous 1 call 1 ticket 1 punched 1 terra - cotta 1 chipped 1 coastline 1 squawking 1 dented 1 aftershave 1 items 1 crooned 1 admitting 1 steel 1 dispersed 1 gasping 1 unison 1 pavilion 1 whimpered 1 details 1 stint 1 neutral 1 volunteered 1 argument 1 childhood 1 mask 1 wheelchair 1 rogers 1 attributed 1 dog 1 twelve - step 1 easily 1 shared 1 defunct 1 comes 1 ears 1 last - minute 1 pooled 1 midday 1 war 1 glaciated 1 seaweed 1 fairly 1 pig 1 embrace 1 poignantly 1 kaleidoscope 1 atlantic 1 climbed 1 whatever 1 playback 1 unseemly 1 beast 1 fingertip 1 clinic 1 serial 1 rippled 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 penitentiary 1 options 1 weary 1 predicted 1 joint 1 helping 1 canceled 1 satisfied 1 misshapen 1 aura 1 whore 1 bowl 1 pitted 1 distaste 1 heaps 1 glares 1 pumped 1 avalanche 1 upward 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 fizzed 1 drained 1 sorrow 1 cage 1 corruption 1 meal 1 date 1 marble 1 forceps 1 subject 1 palace 1 inward 1 slop 1 solitary 1 month 1 uncertain 1 chi 1 float 1 beloved 1 guardianship 1 enrolled 1 bathrobes 1 model 1 static 1 desserts 1 nihilistic 1 dopey 1 tightened 1 lasted 1 avenue 1 spotted 1 streamers 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 brand 1 care 1 facedown 1 jostling 1 floundered 1 rank 1 slow 1 soil 1 ignore 1 yanked 1 redhead 1 map 1 inner 1 cheery 1 shuttered 1 dreamed 1 study 1 balsa 1 faintly 1 sooner 1 underfoot 1 shirts 1 dull 1 artifacts 1 zucchini 1 case 1 predator 1 proper 1 licking 1 devotion 1 spongy 1 slight 1 smog 1 reevaluation 1 observation 1 whiff 1 paunchy 1 haze 1 shoe 1 facing 1 pamphlet 1 mass 1 primal 1 tunnels 1 rhythm 1 creosote 1 reputation 1 lighter 1 transitory 1 together 1 battered 1 animal 1 continuous 1 puddle 1 observant 1 suburbs 1 changing 1 normal 1 photo 1 circles 1 technical 1 extra 1 humdrum 1 touched 1 associates 1 rope 1 hinges 1 grubby 1 yards 1 continent 1 cages 1 english 1 beads 1 station 1 crutch 1 art 1 linen 1 wound 1 licked 1 buckets 1 grin 1 protective 1 unutterably 1 understood 1 citizens 1 competing 1 lacerations 1 engendered 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 patterned 1 mon 1 reservoir 1 hugging 1 rearview 1 shirttails 1 oil 1 crystals 1 waved 1 deceased 1 slim 1 fucking 1 joyless 1 farm 1 touristy 1 pals 1 powerfully 1 remains 1 quitting 1 self - esteem 1 delusion 1 decent 1 strap 1 provided 1 refrained 1 prescription 1 relatively 1 belt 1 lawyers 1 attempt 1 cadence 1 lawyer 1 deformation 1 built 1 bulk 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 clenched 1 spine 1 housemate 1 scrabbled 1 credit 1 complemented 1 force 1 breeze 1 measure 1 become 1 waffles 1 botched 1 central 1 presentation 1 shadowbox 1 history 1 fit 1 elements 1 observing 1 grumbled 1 trains 1 careful 1 wipers 1 straight - edge 1 rest 1 swaying 1 pitched 1 texture 1 lifelike 1 hazard 1 streamed 1 flutes 1 swing 1 pretended 1 contusions 1 driver 1 radiance 1 flashlights 1 sing 1 kite 1 mouthed 1 torn - up 1 geraniums 1 niagara 1 photographic 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 enclosure 1 juice 1 2005 1 talked 1 searchers 1 claustrophobia 1 fixtures 1 fuselage 1 splinter 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 skyline 1 demarcation 1 bound 1 petals 1 uncle 1 crosswalk 1 zeal 1 paleontologists 1 leg 1 october 1 eroticus 1 thrashed 1 bowels 1 mist - slick 1 recruited 1 algae 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 ineffable 1 sell 1 miles 1 images 1 swirling 1 shrill 1 ways 1 emerged 1 escaping 1 sprung 1 napkin 1 blue - and - white - pin - striped 1 uprooted 1 muster 1 thrillers 1 barbados 1 leaden 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 shakes 1 count 1 dumb 1 wish 1 court 1 shredded 1 milled 1 lovers 1 sleeve 1 reeled 1 weight 1 alacrity 1 executives 1 headshot 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 carton 1 collapses 1 bars 1 keys 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 doubt 1 mother - hen 1 qualify 1 hip - shot 1 cali 1 mythology 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 crushed 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 kid 1 noodles 1 gallery 1 barbecue 1 embarrassment 1 paris 1 harpo 1 yellowed 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 drily 1 convex 1 soap 1 moist 1 stride 1 resounds 1 battened 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 thousand 1 possession 1 private 1 tonight 1 pearly 1 nurture 1 wind 1 knocked 1 medicines 1 will 1 maternal 1 migrated 1 provoked 1 monastery 1 look - alikes 1 magnet 1 seeped 1 rain 1 mid-1990s 1 coalesced 1 doppelg 1 picks 1 foyer 1 crayon 1 vertical 1 mythos 1 disorientation 1 nonetheless 1 armani 1 status 1 problem 1 blotches 1 slouched 1 signed 1 walker 1 shrine 1 dry 1 stairs 1 timber 1 dilated 1 blond 1 missionary 1 theater 1 overhead 1 traffic 1 miniature 1 partition 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 teak 1 blurry 1 livid 1 journal 1 beaten 1 blanket 1 sheen 1 neurotics 1 slick 1 too - dark 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 drift 1 wards 1 converted 1 freshly 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 pricked 1 reserved 1 canal 1 tired 1 clogged 1 pitcher 1 waxed 1 escapades 1 pardon 1 lunatic 1 meticulously 1 fossils 1 frequent 1 haunting 1 quality 1 extreme 1 impulses 1 food 1 vacation 1 intensity 1 raw 1 vision 1 squashed 1 warps 1 cloth 1 bits 1 bright 1 worms 1 asleep 1 precise 1 hemp 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 rich 1 detested 1 gush 1 factory 1 bags 1 timing 1 hour 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 intently 1 beets 1 millstone 1 carving 1 president 1 droplets 1 nude 1 mount 1 overrun 1 sopping 1 bar - hopping 1 crawl 1 kamikaze 1 popcorn 1 born 1 eaten 1 clay 1 mope 1 aspects 1 weeklong 1 royal 1 ass 1 given 1 incarnations 1 coagulate 1 congo 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 chain 1 rack 1 charnel 1 pantry 1 symphonies 1 chattering 1 mummified 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 space 1 lives 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 asian 1 miffed 1 nap 1 trilobites 1 territory 1 passage 1 gurgled 1 stripped 1 asserted 1 clinked 1 radioactivity 1 rooflines 1 female 1 clove 1 incident 1 decorative 1 flinched 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 surf 1 urge 1 grammar 1 dose 1 visited 1 kill 1 collar 1 tether 1 silk 1 chaos 1 haggard 1 honeysuckle 1 rounds 1 centered 1 manic 1 waist - high 1 convulsed 1 piccolo 1 allusive 1 ladders 1 outnumber 1 eastern 1 tassels 1 patiently 1 diaphragm 1 cameras 1 lulled 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 reflected 1 england 1 needle 1 scientist 1 lobster 1 echo 1 style 1 vines 1 hole 1 yuppie 1 darkly 1 herbal 1 behemoths 1 swung 1 ever 1 cinders 1 crannies 1 sunless 1 upper 1 backward 1 creak 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 pretending 1 scheduled 1 twigs 1 tie - dye 1 bleach 1 vise 1 childlike 1 tidying 1 supposedly 1 moth 1 twenty - six 1 rented 1 stalls 1 gritted 1 alive 1 integral 1 species 1 suffered 1 dirges 1 latent 1 crash 1 concluded 1 expeditions 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 gritty 1 bleak 1 recessed 1 thread 1 slathered 1 chirped 1 myself 1 2004 1 pliant 1 parted 1 response 1 track 1 trip 1 clairs 1 stony 1 dizziness 1 fodder 1 depends 1 heap 1 nepalese 1 oily 1 pale 1 native 1 scoured 1 fillings 1 perfumed 1 attended 1 bored 1 covered 1 coupled 1 10 1 train 1 perfectly 1 asked 1 uncomely 1 scalp 1 recalled 1 compensatory 1 newspapers 1 chinatown 1 terrors 1 historically 1 bistros 1 doom 1 craned 1 corner 1 dimpled 1 confided 1 cake 1 cluster 1 concentrate 1 gnawing 1 balconies 1 jogged 1 windup 1 creeping 1 blithely 1 originally 1 visor 1 hoary 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 true 1 unpleasant 1 nonthreatening 1 loosely 1 ground 1 reached 1 lab 1 exists 1 slots 1 capsized 1 tracked 1 skeletons 1 four - seater 1 furnished 1 socials 1 vegetables 1 explore 1 mollified 1 quickly 1 pique 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 accept 1 impersonators 1 marrying 1 host 1 splayed 1 anywhere 1 scratched 1 irish 1 darkened 1 solid 1 undergrad 1 posted 1 colony 1 apron 1 riverbeds 1 windowsill 1 riven 1 delores 1 grove 1 confessed 1 newspaper 1 cpa 1 realize 1 endure 1 spy 1 cocktails 1 associate 1 harmonicas 1 bubbles 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 looming 1 bibles 1 protested 1 asylum 1 brushed 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 uniforms 1 star - crossed 1 wing 1 machine 1 humidity 1 enigma 1 foamed 1 forehead 1 preoccupied 1 loop 1 custodians 1 hoisted 1 twin 1 functions 1 pull 1 monkey 1 weakly 1 copiously 1 divide 1 briefly 1 speculation 1 contemplation 1 pipes 1 stitches 1 association 1 bubbled 1 miner 1 irrevocably 1 fidget 1 shui 1 fancy 1 mindless 1 vase 1 gamely 1 exposed 1 creased 1 former 1 vice 1 ask 1 c 1 masse 1 raked 1 sharper 1 appearing 1 delving 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 devolved 1 tarnished 1 patchwork 1 tarantula 1 herd 1 refrigerator 1 railroad 1 headlights 1 dragonhead 1 truncated 1 dingy 1 freudian 1 ivory 1 knives 1 minute 1 neon - washed 1 impossible 1 trophies 1 quo 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 transfer 1 resting 1 ossified 1 suffer 1 finally 1 try 1 bird - watchers 1 spoken 1 buckles 1 circled 1 cave 1 kenny 1 surrounded 1 courage 1 highs 1 karaoke 1 films 1 botticelli 1 masterpieces 1 diffidence 1 sunburn 1 proverbial 1 peace 1 drove 1 cold - water 1 gauze 1 dome 1 ninety - six 1 ate 1 johnnie 1 flare 1 manila 1 version 1 wept 1 throughout 1 gradually 1 spinning 1 all - night 1 quiet 1 five 1 light - years 1 cavernous 1 senses 1 art - junkie 1 gently 1 adult 1 promptly 1 compete 1 glance 1 seem 1 epileptic 1 falls 1 stage 1 massive 1 editor 1 setup 1 side 1 gargoyles 1 scrawls 1 spines 1 town 1 raucous 1 cloud 1 blank 1 thrum 1 social 1 gotten 1 en 1 helped 1 opens 1 vibrating 1 blacked 1 bees 1 homes 1 acid 1 translucent 1 short 1 gold 1 unwittingly 1 unlike 1 fraud 1 loneliness 1 paid 1 melt 1 resultant 1 beers 1 noodle 1 convertible 1 gazette 1 instant 1 favored 1 carry 1 bloodshot 1 contorted 1 bitterness 1 sleeping 1 buried 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 certainty 1 dealing 1 naming 1 humans 1 traces 1 oozed 1 eighteen 1 dimmed 1 philosophy 1 origins 1 stacks 1 claims 1 achingly 1 imploded 1 works 1 huh 1 hash - slinger 1 momentarily 1 jerked 1 us 1 calves 1 stinking 1 crossed 1 peaceful 1 houseguest 1 avoided 1 divorces 1 perusing 1 mark 1 dour 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 floorboards 1 transmitter 1 stupid 1 unwind 1 severe 1 party 1 shamble 1 workers 1 slithered 1 community 1 frowned 1 afterbirth 1 feared 1 execs 1 thomas 1 bouts 1 keyhole 931 .
the royal zoo is closed - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the royal zoo is closed 309 the 182 a 143 and 108 of 83 in 70 he 70 to 64 was 47 his 45 sweeney 44 it 39 on 33 as 28 with 23 were 23 that 22 or 22 from 22 at 20 for 19 an 19 into 17 no 17 i 16 had 15 by 14 its 14 their 14 not 13 you 13 they 12 if 12 so 12 like 11 him 11 man 11 there 10 what 10 too 10 is 10 one 9 me 9 last 9 why 9 but 9 mass 9 them 9 through 8 she 8 was n't 8 just 8 be 8 off 7 i ' m 7 her 7 up 7 do 7 take 7 read 7 out 6 can 6 who 6 you 're 6 this 6 some 6 how 6 nothing 6 graffiti 6 said 6 it 's 6 did n't 6 when 6 could n't 6 across 5 people 5 even 5 would 5 right 5 sometimes 5 good 5 made 5 until 5 all 5 black 5 every 5 mouth 5 about 5 stared 5 here 5 always 5 these 5 enough 4 going 4 set 4 could 4 want 4 thumbprint 4 never 4 wearing 4 way 4 under 4 confucius 4 whole 4 went 4 your 4 did 4 much 4 only 4 paper 4 big 4 know 4 other 4 another 4 wanted 4 well 4 world 4 would n't 4 think 4 old 4 morning 4 dead 4 maybe 4 trees 4 then 4 thought 4 hand 4 see 4 modern 3 already 3 get 3 something 3 he 'd 3 racist 3 past 3 gave 3 after 3 any 3 wall 3 where 3 bus 3 make 3 uh 3 ones 3 seemed 3 office 3 yeah 3 meant 3 being 3 clicked 3 over 3 got 3 shot 3 time 3 human 3 closed 3 days 3 mean 3 began 3 shortcake 3 hell 3 city 3 everything 3 pants 3 have 3 dog 3 life 3 sky 3 places 3 down 3 own 3 lived 3 face 3 home 3 might 3 water 3 shadow 3 light 3 blood 3 yet 3 between 3 though 3 day 3 since 3 harem 3 mother 3 background 3 small 3 once 3 either 3 tried 3 stalled 3 around 3 first 2 opera 2 hats 2 everyone 2 resembled 2 matter 2 trenches 2 p 2 better 2 square 2 doc 2 table 2 country 2 job 2 white 2 briefcase 2 that 's 2 go 2 universe 2 thunder 2 tiger 2 age 2 sweeney 's 2 bottles 2 hope 2 today 2 pigeons 2 fire 2 hungry 2 wine 2 shoot 2 fat 2 coffee 2 lips 2 neighbor 2 bloody 2 little 2 mailboxes 2 those 2 away 2 dirty 2 metal 2 poured 2 shit 2 mouths 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 ocean 2 bed 2 neck 2 than 2 schizophrenic 2 symbol 2 piece 2 image 2 impotent 2 back 2 came 2 someone 2 do n't 2 new 2 send 2 s 2 money 2 more 2 stop 2 information 2 there 's 2 horn 2 doctor 2 upon 2 west 2 come 2 next 2 homicide 2 everywhere 2 eat 2 cat 2 against 2 flickered 2 inside 2 mind 2 except 2 quit 2 nobody 2 holes 2 carved 2 fremont 2 air 2 give 2 may 2 hall 2 different 2 jesus 2 now 2 retreated 2 far 2 makes 2 sound 2 coat 2 golden 2 crowds 2 chasm 2 such 2 guess 2 ancient 2 afraid 2 teeth 2 cry 2 has 2 dying 2 buddy 2 hotel 2 shovel 2 apple 2 events 2 fastened 2 clouds 2 searching 2 moved 2 apartment 2 shouted 2 professional 2 things 2 few 2 should 2 waiting 2 doors 2 cup 2 car 2 fingers 2 wrote 2 below 2 call 2 open 2 here 's 2 pressed 2 flog 2 alexander 2 war 2 bowl 2 cage 2 happening 2 moment 2 eyes 2 beginning 2 fires 2 hawking 2 crack 2 cold 2 had n't 2 thoughts 2 getting 2 prescription 2 gazed 2 burned 2 shrink 2 several 2 heart 2 legs 2 three 2 two 2 silence 2 each 2 screw 2 plot 2 full 2 cipher 2 however 2 considered 2 still 2 will 2 zoo 2 cause 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 moon 2 problem 2 bomb 2 sun 2 remembered 2 plum 2 free 2 hour 2 royal 2 space 2 book 2 hollywood 2 looked 2 children 2 ever 2 appeared 2 lost 2 maggy 2 wear 2 o ' 2 dollars 2 pioneer 2 guy 2 true 2 ground 2 which 2 found 2 nearly 2 cigarette 2 window 2 floor 2 ate 2 walked 2 tell 2 cockney 2 stage 2 elephants 2 street 2 been 2 name 2 door 2 buried 2 courtesy 2 glasses 2 head 2 she 'd 2 brought 2 thing 2 along 2 drop 2 stupid 2 live 1 bedrock 1 pings 1 gray 1 twenty 1 hominids 1 fuck 1 strip - mall 1 cerebrum 1 mural 1 bullhorns 1 death 1 booth 1 lies 1 loaded 1 recollected 1 blinds 1 gone 1 goddamned 1 crown 1 obey 1 stoplights 1 penalty 1 failed 1 local 1 theologians 1 fish 1 texans 1 truck 1 adders 1 suspicion 1 skateboard 1 hive 1 show 1 sufficient 1 abiding 1 breath 1 icbms 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 stigmata 1 drunk 1 artless 1 bronzed 1 matted 1 excess 1 cracks 1 commented 1 veteran 1 drugs 1 arms 1 degenerate 1 building 1 vernacular 1 waitress 1 banker 1 happy 1 green 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 feasting 1 yellow 1 dominoes 1 b 1 paralyzed 1 brim 1 vast 1 bulldozing 1 nosebleeds 1 fridge 1 escalators 1 pious 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 expression 1 wonder 1 saint 1 invented 1 learning 1 cabinet 1 sleep 1 bedrooms 1 drifted 1 both 1 sailor 1 overcome 1 transit 1 concrete 1 sloshed 1 drinking 1 couch 1 transients 1 wet 1 scribed 1 hail 1 tv 1 candles 1 third 1 premature 1 casting 1 leviathans 1 shock 1 pigeon 1 spray 1 occasion 1 afford 1 bottom 1 mortar 1 approach 1 hot 1 incidentally 1 eighteenth 1 scotch 1 safehouse 1 foreign 1 district 1 bleeding 1 sock 1 underdog 1 dens 1 late 1 foot 1 plan 1 tak 1 yolk 1 shudder 1 worker 1 pat 1 coda 1 exist 1 transformed 1 groan 1 socrates 1 necessary 1 sport 1 natural 1 pot 1 humming 1 fix 1 card 1 espresso 1 alchemy 1 cult 1 dawn 1 galactic 1 whispering 1 primordial 1 meat 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 artists 1 represented 1 plastic 1 perched 1 inherit 1 splattered 1 striding 1 hair 1 aircraft 1 sea 1 tie 1 hill 1 freeway 1 stalin 1 disjointed 1 polyphemus 1 dimness 1 noriega 1 tuned 1 turban 1 near 1 five - mile 1 he 's 1 trapped 1 action 1 polar 1 woke 1 many 1 slave 1 buxom 1 god 1 gravity 1 church 1 massacre 1 ejaculations 1 stolen 1 college 1 watching 1 shelter 1 gravy 1 wrong 1 hiss - boom - bah 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 dark 1 janitors 1 implications 1 crap 1 dirt - blacked 1 german 1 seized 1 tints 1 inspiration 1 shelling 1 fast 1 instinct 1 empathy 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ballsy 1 norma 1 ripped 1 telepathically 1 doozies 1 emaciated 1 cigarettes 1 puzzled 1 bristled 1 callous 1 neighborhoods 1 riding 1 funnels 1 syllable 1 they 'd 1 switch 1 pathos 1 j 1 knights 1 metaphysical 1 horn - rim 1 filament 1 revved 1 say 1 underdone 1 brick 1 pit 1 freaking 1 tragically 1 imprezio 1 diner 1 barn 1 kept 1 pancakes 1 length 1 woodwork 1 collective 1 understand 1 whirled 1 split 1 biological 1 passed 1 monologue 1 anxiety 1 blats 1 canvases 1 bug 1 conversation 1 apothegm 1 button 1 speculated 1 bangs 1 99 1 dusty 1 touring 1 goes 1 we 1 buildings 1 itzhak 1 bas - relief 1 testosterone - aggravated 1 dropping 1 g - string 1 soon 1 wipe 1 end 1 homeless 1 scavenging 1 limestone 1 purely 1 neatly 1 great 1 independence 1 stomachs 1 particular 1 without 1 jeff 1 pictures 1 department 1 wristwatches 1 11 1 endless 1 woman 1 sticky 1 zero 1 cells 1 ankle 1 nebula 1 chasing 1 perceive 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 jean 1 supple 1 vanity 1 cops ' 1 five - star 1 beehive 1 lenin 1 irrational 1 india 1 1788 1 d 1 stumbled 1 struggled 1 chest 1 esteemed 1 vatican 1 theological 1 child 1 comfort 1 foreigners 1 grown 1 organizations 1 pretty 1 thud 1 ammonia 1 innocent 1 bentov 1 nose 1 tripped 1 wide 1 finger 1 screamed 1 delusional 1 start 1 spattered 1 supernumerary 1 leftist 1 actually 1 sweated 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 fireman 1 obeying 1 pleasant 1 plaster 1 hiss 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 exodus 1 cap 1 diabolical 1 asteroids 1 rebuff 1 blown 1 madness 1 rats 1 peanut 1 vesuvius 1 detritus 1 bugs 1 hoof 1 sake 1 salon 1 soldiers 1 prey 1 ted 1 patterns 1 argot 1 regarding 1 ceiling 1 hoping 1 palatable 1 most 1 writers 1 roof 1 look 1 passenger 1 hometown 1 desert 1 flocks 1 misery 1 shrieking 1 topple 1 kin 1 windmilling 1 ducked 1 gelded 1 yawned 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 smashup 1 76 1 bandits 1 left 1 fact 1 seen 1 shifted 1 refer 1 vowed 1 noisy 1 sweep 1 means 1 garbage 1 utilitarian 1 thoroughly 1 recall 1 underrepresented 1 armed 1 crush 1 coffin 1 screen 1 cherub 1 atom 1 probably 1 postscript 1 slime 1 plenty 1 maze 1 fixated 1 swaggart 1 disgorged 1 fly 1 dignity 1 gum 1 less 1 vodka 1 decided 1 lovingly 1 cargo 1 skull 1 stuck 1 crashing 1 lately 1 sunrise 1 instruments 1 teeming 1 deserted 1 trey 1 circle 1 died 1 crucifix 1 science 1 mr 1 slashed 1 churches 1 worry 1 scraped 1 grew 1 millennial 1 mob 1 fizzled 1 committee 1 stretcher 1 calcified 1 whale 1 glass 1 relegated 1 wax 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 habit 1 excavated 1 chronicles 1 engine 1 hiding 1 appraising 1 brush 1 focus 1 scratch 1 begin 1 geologically 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 superstructures 1 likely 1 peeping 1 sighed 1 political 1 somebody 1 steady 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 valleys 1 i ' ve 1 france 1 salvo 1 ditch 1 escape 1 genuflect 1 handball 1 brave 1 pregnant 1 ellipses 1 sleek 1 confuses 1 manual 1 sigh 1 demolished 1 carpet 1 lovecraft 's 1 twitching 1 turnout 1 makeshift 1 follows 1 design 1 worried 1 american 1 slit 1 olives 1 wingtip 1 planted 1 occurred 1 muttered 1 parents 1 caroming 1 term 1 ash 1 university 1 what 's 1 quarantined 1 trickling 1 fueled 1 phosphorescent 1 flightless 1 chords 1 entered 1 immunized 1 discovered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 teams 1 hung 1 soft 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 kilroy 1 blared 1 washington 1 have n't 1 earnest 1 inscrutable 1 worse 1 lone 1 suckers 1 genocide 1 doctors 1 critics 1 so - called 1 muzzle 1 arizona 1 row 1 beheld 1 rippling 1 prances 1 sheaves 1 none 1 pool 1 napkins 1 is n't 1 scales 1 erratic 1 trolling 1 insurance 1 all - star 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 marker 1 early 1 fig 1 murder 1 trade 1 hurry 1 form 1 telescopically 1 morris 1 vanished 1 ribs 1 ca nt 1 continental 1 automatic 1 impatiently 1 overwhelming 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 walls 1 floe 1 hurried 1 consensus 1 tigers 1 ah 1 steeples 1 veins 1 impulse 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 dali 's 1 weekday 1 faults 1 peyote 1 universal 1 waited 1 recitation 1 best 1 paradigms 1 korean 1 aloud 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 psychotic 1 tattoos 1 biblically 1 animals 1 cortex 1 also 1 bled 1 asphalt 1 folded 1 quest 1 aboard 1 shacking 1 satchels 1 thunderheads 1 hunkered 1 albeit 1 coach 1 seahawks 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 assume 1 galleries 1 strung 1 paw 1 parameters 1 receive 1 slammed 1 starters 1 baseball 1 cut 1 papers 1 welles 1 precisely 1 easy 1 coming 1 tortoise 1 broom 1 join 1 ruined 1 authentic 1 plains 1 packed 1 likes 1 rolling 1 camera 1 safer 1 arches 1 page 1 sam 1 socket 1 estimation 1 shape 1 compulsion 1 example 1 amsterdam 1 mrs 1 north 1 violins 1 computer 1 staccato 1 convulsive 1 coagulated 1 rorschach - eats - escher 1 christ 1 high - strung 1 abyss 1 shortly 1 physicist 1 you 'll 1 spark 1 u 1 chinese 1 bulls 1 breached 1 avarice 1 imperative 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 quavered 1 globe 1 showed 1 filled 1 string 1 rustled 1 upstream 1 attraction 1 grunted 1 seabeds 1 suddenly 1 bottle 1 pakistan 1 poets 1 production 1 boiled 1 michelangelo 1 outskirts 1 flower 1 anguish 1 frown 1 throat 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 week 1 despite 1 curtain 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 israel 1 korea 1 shiny 1 alien 1 stingers 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 grabbed 1 submarine 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 ice 1 columns 1 pointed 1 chin 1 message 1 belly 1 encyclopedic 1 spent 1 magic 1 softly 1 chickens 1 taste 1 returned 1 carrier 1 portuguese 1 perhaps 1 greasy 1 gabe 1 loop - de - loops 1 self - limiting 1 trying 1 gives 1 above 1 help 1 consciousness 1 noise 1 cruel 1 wobbly 1 facts 1 obviously 1 rags 1 authoritarian 1 seal 1 studied 1 figures 1 cracked 1 lights 1 nonexistent 1 curses 1 bit 1 grasp 1 birds 1 urban 1 knew 1 swig 1 trigger 1 sure - enough 1 flounder 1 laundry 1 snakes 1 nature 1 mayfly 1 eye 1 market 1 fight 1 colossal 1 sculptors 1 blue - haired 1 mitts 1 swam 1 vomited 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 certain 1 elicits 1 barrel 1 amount 1 china 1 police 1 swooned 1 told 1 celebrity 1 blowing 1 prophecies 1 famous 1 promised 1 intervals 1 gondwanaland 1 trickled 1 indoor - outdoor 1 fine 1 heads 1 pol 1 caverns 1 chick 1 entr'acte 1 hide 1 smiling 1 w 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 thieves 1 watch 1 properly 1 presses 1 paragraphs 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 glyphs 1 empire 1 hip 1 known 1 atop 1 shotgunned 1 disaffected 1 reformed 1 unyoked 1 positively 1 squalid 1 teepee 1 ho - hum 1 curled 1 bullied 1 grief 1 palpitations 1 rituals 1 laurasia 1 salad 1 digital 1 stunned 1 house 1 sports 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 amounted 1 earth 1 outside 1 center 1 glitzy 1 knowing 1 pundits 1 print 1 breadth 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 lighted 1 calculus 1 glimpsed 1 substance 1 although 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 girl 1 wondered 1 lance 1 prestidigitation 1 heavies 1 humanity 1 agreed - upon 1 quickest 1 speaking 1 red 1 practically 1 unlaced 1 infrequent 1 might ' ve 1 apologetically 1 zen 1 ants 1 unless 1 ablaze 1 timid 1 kick 1 orchestra 1 mostly 1 slogans 1 hours 1 canvas 1 crevices 1 jacks 1 wavering 1 supercollider 1 anyway 1 proliferated 1 frozen 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 speak 1 darkness 1 cymbal 1 sad 1 gorillas 1 warned 1 tick 1 adam 's 1 painted 1 ticket 1 recesses 1 stoics 1 kudzu 1 informal 1 suits 1 typeset 1 self - styled 1 portfolio 1 high - rise 1 details 1 trademark 1 childhood 1 height 1 trundling 1 bullring 1 cappella 1 klaxon 1 bathroom 1 fleshly 1 swelling 1 memorial 1 climbed 1 russia 1 staggering 1 caught 1 grass 1 domesticated 1 oh 1 specialized 1 language 1 bag 1 carrying 1 recording 1 emotional 1 media 1 radiation 1 pick 1 nerves 1 cackled 1 somber 1 blue 1 drive 1 oscillator 1 mail 1 saved 1 somewhere 1 polyester 1 date 1 wheel - well 1 rubber 1 buy 1 wield 1 sometime 1 whips 1 mirror 1 orbit 1 outrage 1 widening 1 interrogative 1 static 1 lasted 1 coliseum 1 stand 1 fist 1 undulating 1 calling 1 brand 1 care 1 subterranean 1 heat 1 brass 1 squirming 1 map 1 reverberations 1 fujimoto 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 metropolis 1 case 1 eerie 1 predator 1 bucket 1 haze 1 bred 1 surface 1 slip 1 painters 1 sweeny 's 1 defined 1 fearless 1 complexity 1 smelling 1 brandished 1 unoccupied 1 pithy 1 animal 1 changing 1 circles 1 shins 1 cheap 1 purple 1 lowercase 1 despised 1 crawled 1 frenchman 1 clash 1 licked 1 wound 1 truly 1 grin 1 allen 1 citizens 1 seat 1 happened 1 engendered 1 lutheran 1 remnants 1 random 1 smart 1 answer 1 starbucks 1 half - expected 1 napoleon 1 butts 1 buck 's 1 sumo 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 blokes 1 surge 1 opened 1 shtick 1 added 1 rocket 1 grab 1 murky 1 hottie 1 hammering 1 couple 1 large 1 sense 1 dwarf 1 brothers 1 mystics 1 lawyers 1 hands 1 sidewalk 1 physically 1 gathered 1 helm 1 are 1 memories 1 rabbit 1 become 1 my 1 central 1 silverware 1 letter 1 smeared 1 murmuring 1 karma 1 ha - ha 1 muzak 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 plate 1 krakatoa 1 rosary 1 cousin 1 prufrock 1 sandwich 1 thinking 1 camelot 1 microwaved 1 guards 1 cockroaches 1 serenade 1 splinter 1 overpasses 1 enraged 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 crosswalk 1 hearts 1 heaven 1 tagged 1 calendars 1 work 1 psychiatric 1 downtown 1 maneuvers 1 cruisers 1 tongs 1 epoch 1 service 1 emerged 1 forever 1 plummeted 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 jimmy 1 horror 1 revollution 1 feeling 1 nubile 1 outta 1 peeled 1 nanotech 1 dumb 1 multitudinous 1 circuit 1 spectrums 1 nomenclature 1 remotely 1 pencil 1 sleepy 1 sleeve 1 amalgamation 1 transplants 1 countries 1 trumpet 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 finished 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 panic 1 customer 1 accompanied 1 flexed 1 bird 1 double 1 squeeze 1 xenophobe 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 restraint 1 spoons 1 year 1 sprawled 1 among 1 muscles 1 talon 1 soap 1 hitler 1 fawn - eyed 1 crawling 1 steerage 1 hash - house 1 proportion 1 breakfast 1 wealth 1 hovered 1 wind 1 cover 1 preference 1 knocked 1 seagulls 1 skin 1 milliseconds 1 combed 1 rain 1 preoccupation 1 interred 1 mash - allah 1 theories 1 captured 1 teacher 1 very 1 nonetheless 1 blinking 1 warrant 1 tight 1 were n't 1 became 1 dry 1 stairs 1 ledges 1 dilated 1 numbers 1 percent 1 exactly 1 smashed 1 traffic 1 stars 1 crackpot 1 dragnets 1 stuffed 1 preferably 1 curtains 1 torched 1 coverage 1 artificial 1 bear 1 drift 1 algorithm 1 ring 1 sailor 's 1 pudding 1 billion 1 sat 1 zookeeper 1 vitus 1 roadmap 1 hunk 1 tower 1 lunatic 1 cars 1 deep 1 meticulously 1 cop 1 regularity 1 bouncing 1 domes 1 quality 1 encrypted 1 food 1 often 1 raw 1 vision 1 thus 1 panicky 1 conjecture 1 warps 1 flowed 1 hundred - thousand 1 meteorites 1 antenna - twitch 1 felt 1 resonated 1 revolving 1 named 1 branches 1 smirking 1 query 1 prison 1 isosceles 1 bags 1 evolution 1 incorrectly 1 allow 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 propriety 1 dim 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 nude 1 volcanic 1 proximate 1 overrun 1 fiend 1 eaten 1 clay 1 coke 1 alarm 1 boss 1 hike 1 delicious 1 copasetic 1 dryers 1 chain 1 obsessing 1 territory 1 fumbling 1 put 1 slid 1 trash 1 catching 1 filtered 1 prehistoric 1 visited 1 chaos 1 nothing 's 1 coalition 1 motorcycle 1 beer 1 drones 1 plaza 1 exhibited 1 theoretically 1 problems 1 turbans 1 commercially 1 hysteria 1 must 1 whorls 1 needle 1 looters 1 faces 1 beans 1 pocket 1 herbal 1 faded 1 bow 1 pulled 1 shoes 1 oppy 1 astride 1 anybody 's 1 gods 1 radar 1 crackling 1 dogs 1 bum 1 boards 1 watched 1 machines 1 chanted 1 suffered 1 within 1 led 1 tongue 1 covers 1 new - wave 1 cosmic 1 somewhat 1 stream 1 off - key 1 ready 1 jellyfish 1 dope 1 trip 1 track 1 she 's 1 pills 1 because 1 tiny 1 statue 1 bank 1 decade 1 tour 1 train 1 parka 1 deflated 1 monogrammed 1 mantra 1 sideways 1 treacherous 1 asked 1 blew 1 knees 1 done 1 gaping 1 spring 1 struggle 1 iran 1 studded 1 hammer 1 triple 1 candlewick 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 cake 1 sledgehammers 1 orson 1 oblong 1 shore 1 synapses 1 scores 1 spear 1 nightmare 1 buffalo - skin 1 nor 1 wadded 1 scared 1 decency 1 wander 1 prop 1 swallowed 1 woody 1 skeletons 1 coast 1 remote 1 chromatic 1 stark 1 drying 1 apprehend 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 promises 1 fruit 1 scratched 1 darkened 1 malignant 1 further 1 masochist 's 1 dictator 's 1 sign 1 daycare 1 change 1 are n't 1 laughed 1 friggin ' 1 thirty 1 called 1 spy 1 puppets 1 lurked 1 suv 1 looming 1 bibles 1 unnatural 1 stress 1 disenfranchised 1 extinction 1 ghetto 1 flaccid 1 foamed 1 cried 1 does n't 1 shaking 1 sinister 1 speculation 1 conviction 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 onward 1 mindless 1 slavered 1 sort 1 game 1 drank 1 mariners 1 counterclockwise 1 former 1 slang 1 c 1 fantasy 1 out - sprinting 1 training 1 devolved 1 fifty 1 while 1 herd 1 cradle 1 refrigerator 1 held 1 pierced 1 slobbered 1 fiddle 1 bullet 1 shutting 1 rappers 1 heroin 1 unshakable 1 school 1 popeye 1 hoops 1 conspired 1 fell 1 pause 1 stepped 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 paint 1 wore 1 pod 1 holocaust 1 granite 1 charities 1 habitations 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 present 1 starlet 1 heavy 1 decaying 1 night 1 wherever 1 bursting 1 intellectual 1 flare 1 would - be 1 waldo 1 common 1 cockroach 1 wept 1 supposed 1 tag 1 excommunicated 1 terrorized 1 sang 1 century 1 brahma 1 spelled 1 temples 1 quiet 1 boil 1 clock 1 list 1 glowering 1 ineffably 1 glance 1 leave 1 billboards 1 irritated 1 section 1 babies 1 tunnel 1 side 1 contours 1 ax 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 social 1 completely 1 homes 1 short 1 starboard 1 recliner 1 paid 1 seventy 1 atheists 1 cinematographer 1 snore 1 gleaming 1 traces 1 stephen 1 epiphany 1 rattling 1 us 1 gulag 1 stinking 1 shop 1 butter 1 years 1 bought 1 fur 1 foundation 1 tweaking 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 hugged 1 shambles 1 repair 1 mosaics 1 counter 1 soul 1 before 1 checked 1 handwriting 1 room 1 high 1 h 1 consumed 932 .
snippets of conversation among the police officers drifted towards her like the grey ash of a nuclear fallout .
she looked at me then looked away , pulling a crumpled tissue from her pocket and wiping the ash from her face .
kristin got that grey ash stuff all over her , she said it was even in her mouth , so that ca nt be good .
the inside of the tower was white , like ash , or dead skin .
james indicated as he took two small sized salt containers and a vial of ash , placing them into his jacket pockets .
ill do that with the salt and ash mix , once we get them inside that back room .
owen asked as he came closer , a vial of ash , a container of salt and one white candle clutched to him .
what meant the giving of the crucifix , of the garlic , of the wild rose , of the mountain ash ?
its open eyes were clouded with black ash , making them look like a dolls eyes .
she was a tall female with a good amount of meat on her bones , and her skin was the color of ash .
the embers sway about and turn to grey ash as they expend their energy and fall to the floor .
emma forgets that she has not informed justine of what happens to her clones when nightfall hitsthe terrible transformation that they make into burning ash , the pain that the endure , and the horrible way it leaves her feeling .
you should just look away despite emmas warning , justine turns just in time to see hope turn into a twisting pile of burning ash .
like a poison it courses throughout her body , destroying her flesh and turning into ash .
with one final surge of unbearable pain she is completely torn apart in black ash .
in the distance was a plume of fire and ash .
thick smoke , blackened with ash , poured from the back windows of the car , and somehow not one person took notice .
the kitchen was smashed up : broken cupboards , cracked island , and a black stain that looked like ash .
he threw his head , screamed , and his face collapsed into ash as i stared .
undiscouraged , he kept going , delicately lifting away layers of ash , working his way deeper .
lazydazy : i m sorry , ash .
lazydazy : trust me , ash .
ding lazydazy is online lazydazy : u there , ash ?
lazydazy : o. m. g. i am so sorry , ash .
a layer of black dust and ash covered the vehicle from the orange - and - yellow light bar on the roof , down the doors with their worn calfire decals , to the bent and tarnished running boards .
he was careless when he smoked , burning holes in the furniture , his gnarled hands shaking fiery ash wherever he went .
solid ash goes into the company landfill .
his damned food tasted like ash .
everything tasted like ash anyway .
it looked like a cross between cremation ash and cinnamon .
and for a time it seemed their line of axes could not falter , and that they would stay in the mouth of the cavern , forever swinging until the pile of ash before them became a mountain .
` ` my deepest thanks , master ki , '' theodorous said while freeing his helmet from beneath a pile of ash .
he noted several arrows resting in the piles of ash .
clenching his jaw with rage , a geyser of flame erupted from his eyes , spilling into the energy stream and turning the trio of demons into a charred pit of ash , ten feet deep in the earth .
side by side the elven pair stood against the reapers , a storm of black ash and silver - fire .
in greedy seconds its cries had ceased , and then it became dry bone , then ash .
their last vision being of that incandescent line creeping through cerulean seas , the ochre contours of deserts and high flinty mountains , leaving the world nothing but ash .
packed by dust and ash , they raised all how much the nose to the ins .
he looked down at the ash at the end of his cigarette , avoiding her gaze .
he flicked ash onto the sidewalk .
that s me , said the kid as he flicked ash off the end of his cigarette .
he swung over to dismount , landing with a muffled clink of heavy chainmail and leather armor , and then from ares flank took his weapon , a huge sword sheathed in lacquered ash , his caligan .
the cottages were reduced to blackened frames and ash .
samuels face turned the color of ash .
he had gray and ash colored skin with deep dark bags under the eyes from too much drinking and too little sleeping that only magnified the reflection 's disturbing appearance .
pure gold is hammered into leaf , perforated , bathed in a paste of lemon juice and ash of mercury , then roasted a dozen times .
with their comrade left outside , the sun rose for its light to ignite his body , and he burned off as mere ash for a morning breeze to carry it into the forest .
the fountain was also decidedly worse for wear , the stonework all chipped and stained by people resting against the edge , placing cups and cans on the flat bit and tipping ash into the water .
someone would find his car with a pool of flesh and blood in the drivers seat , or maybe just ash , a huge hoodie and slacks and shoes in the middle of it all , and a pair of pink gardening gloves turn your head .
reginald could still see the square end in the ash from when the cigarette was new , meaning that it was burning very , very slowly .
he pocketed the phone , set the cigarette back in the ashtray without disturbing the squared - off end of the ash , and crossed his arms .
the cigarette was still burning where reginald had set it , still with the square end of ash stubbornly in place .
i m like trying to get license plates renewed after the car in question drove off a cliff , exploded , dissolved into ash , and then gained three hundred pounds .
soon he d be ash , and as far as the vampires of the world were concerned , it was good riddance to bad public relations rubbish .
he cleaved the necks of the still - sparking guards who had been holding him down , then seized a set of keys from the ash and began to free himself .
they saw the bodies of their companions scatter in a blast of ash and then they tried to run .
their immortality meant nothing to the dark power as they too were swept away in a tidal wave of black ash .
as though hungry to feed , the flames engulfed them all , leaving not but ash .
after his next encounter with the plague he would leave the undead in piles of ash , same with the encounter after that .
many even claimed it was a slaughter , that danes cleverness turned the field of battle into a pit of ash and silver - fire .
when the dead met their end , it was usually in a pile of ash and silver fire .
during the battle for shattered rock , he turned countless undead into ash even the soulless reapers succumbed to the true death after a blast from the mana - ray .
the end of the age of death , the seventh world shattered rock , post exodus 586 for as far as xander could see , the earth was dead , a blackened pit of ash .
the ash - covered earth was replaced with fields of wheat and lush swaths of grass .
and the tower was a pile of ash .
his mid - length hair and closely trimmed beard and moustache were a sandy brown , though streaked with gray , like a remnant of ash on a beach .
she screamed in agony as she burst into flames , but in moments she was incinerated to a small pile of fine ash .
a clump of ash let go .
the meteorologist had warned it would take months for the ash and dust to clear after the meteor shower .
my skin had a weird grayish tone , like i 'd rubbed myself with fireplace ash .
the lathians had stopped gawking at the ash - colored branch and were now gawking at something to his left , something that had them scowling and pointing and cursing at the air .
a shadowy movement caught the corner of his eye and chuck let rip a steady stream of fire from his weapon , the shadow obliterated into screaming ash .
it howled and marched back and forth across the front window before finally falling into a heap of crackling bones and ash .
behind george , the happy restful afterlife home exploded into a ball of black ash and orange flames .
sparks , ash and burning chunks of wood filled the air , sizzling against pink skin and catching the curtains over the sink on fire .
garret mashed another filter into the ashtray , spilling ash and butts across the table .
as all of those things from our life faded to ash and memories , so did lindsay .
the wind stirs up tornadoes of ash that fly in our faces and sting our eyes .
an ancient aluminum ash tray , garish anodized pink , held two cigarette butts turned to dusty powder save for the filters .
cyrus , meanwhile , was stripping some of the ash from his cigar onto a white ashtray before him as though not a thing in the world had happened , and only after doing this looked at me .
it smelled like ash .
i swallowed the view of the black smoke of the fireplace and the jeans turning to ash , the bloody looking sauce spilled across the white floor , interspersed here and there with purple wine , and then to the crowd and my naked friend , covering himself with the figure of a hot female in black lingerie .
he repeated the phrase a number of times until the paper was reduced to a crispy black piece of ash burning at the end of his fingers .
i quickly adjusted my body so that i could witness its demise but all i saw was a thin line of green smoke hurdling toward the ground , ending in a wisp of ash .
despite the pain that burned his guts into parched ash , angelo concentrated on the immediate surroundings .
oak shelves accessorized an oak desk which was an organized clutter of official documents , a crystal pentagram ash tray , a 357 magnum , a laptop computer , and a nest of family photographs along with miniature military figurines such as the esercito italiano and the marina militare .
it scorched angelos lungs into a convulsive cough , dried the membranes of his nasal passages into cinder ash .
he kept the fire going for hours upon end until , at last , it was all nothing more than ash .
the ash had long since cooled .
asha screeched , standing from her chair and approaching andrei , your blood is probably as black as ash and tastes of venom , but i would drink it gladly if it might bring you just one moment closer to your death !
its okay , ash .
calm the fuck down , ash !
she was being given oxygen through a mask , but her skin was a dark gray , almost ash color and covered with a sheen of sweat .
a trickle of gray tinged fluid was leaking from her eyes , like she was crying tears of ash water .
grey and slick , with veins standing out and dark against the ash colored flesh .
the rest of his body turned into embers , then into ash , and a wind came out of nowhere and blew him into the sky .
would this be the last summer as the heavens slowly filled with the ash and dust of the world .
by day columns of smoke could be seen rising up into the sky like slow moving tornadoes of ash and grime .
they cooked her for some time until her beautiful silken hair was burned away , the ruins of the white smock were ash amidst the tendrils of fire , and her skin began to crackle and split .
he wondered why it was there and decided it did nt matter ; it was outside of this soon - to - be ash heap and that s where he wanted to be .
the fire incinerated their flesh , then their bones , leaving an optical negative that shown bright for a moment before it faded and the ash drifted away .
just like that , it too was gone without leaving a single ash .
the green flames burned brighter and brighter , until both kevin and lj were nothing more than two piles of gray - white ash .
a long ash was even now bent at the mid - point of the new one he was smoking and fell to the concrete floor , breaking up like shaved glass .
he pursed his lips and knocked the ash off the end of his cigarette .
he flicked an ash away , watched as it fell to the floor .
she brushed off the stray flecks of ash and wrung her hands together .
i know one difference , the keeper said with his fury 's volcanic ash erupting , and he rushed forth with unholy speed and struck the devil with his sword through its chest .
then they torched the thriving little town leaving nothing but a layer of ash .
leaving at 7:00pm , theo had often been given batches of the posters that lined the office walls to dump in the ash can .
she pulled the hood over her head and fought her way down the cement lane that ran before buildings c and d , past ash cans and prone christmas trees with shreds of tinsel still in the yellowing branches .
when the funnel struck the water an earth scorching sound ensued , like the sound of volcanic ash flowing into the waters of a cold ocean .
yes , boy , let your light burn that miserable creature into a pile of ash !
i already had the skull gear shift knob , the wizard heads for the door lock pins , the leather steering wheel wrap , the illuminated neon ash tray , the chrome brake valve covers that say live and free on either one , the golden switch replacements , the mud flaps with the woman on them , enough marker lights to make my rig look like a christmas tree , the purple utility lamp on the back end , the grill cover that makes it look like the truck has teeth -- oh , and the fuzzy dice that hang from my cb mic .
it was as if they worked in such dust - free , climate - controlled buildings , they could nt contaminate themselves with tobacco or ash or even sulfur on their fingertips from matches .
the dustpan tilted forward and most of the butts and the ash cascaded over the edge .
he stared at the pile of ash and cigarettes , but made no move to scoop them up again .
come on , ash .
i know , ash .
the woman watched ash as she looked at the stuff on the tables .
dexter led ash in the door behind her .
get out of here , ash .
they all started towards ash .
the womans eyes flickered to a window and then back to ash and dexter .
he watched as bones began to separate , as charred skeletons unhinged , as entire bodies were reduced to wet ash , their fresh ghosts free - falling like his drifting consciousness , and then he himself was floating like the gruesome detritus in his pipe , floating downwards into a grave , the grave of the astral plane , where mother chaos awaited , pink flesh beckoning , purple hair streaming on psychic vibrations .
the disintegrated corpses of the freshly immolated briefly held their shapes in the air , ephemeral sculptures of ash and smoke that collapsed an instant later , scattering throughout the corridor as though blown from a funeral pyre .
on the astral plane , salamanders still lingered about the burnt wreckage , hovering in the heat alongside the ghosts of pyromaniacs , hungry for karmic smoke and ash , craving the feel of the flame through the dimensional fabric one last time .
the oneirophage resorted to licking the black flesh of the spaceship , plunging his straw into its cracked and immolated walls and sucking up ash .
the severed appendage floated at the top of the bong 's heart chamber , ripping apart finger by finger with each breath of the necrodelic , long painted nails transforming into wet ash .
many miles above lay the surface of the lake , obscured by tons of floating ash .
the organs sizzled and popped , bones turned to ash , and the entire control chamber incinerated around the necrodelic .
they came and took her to the hospice center in blue ash .
it was located in blue ash .
he thought that maybe he had become lost on that beautiful august day in 2010 when he watched them put sheri in the ambulance and haul her away to the blue ash hospice center .
part i of jobs and ash and ghosts chapter one i sat alone in a small , sparsely furnished foyer , nervously drumming my self - manicured fingernails on the manila folder with fraying edges full of rsums .
the lights dimmed briefly above me and a faint smell of ash drifted past .
again i thought i smelled ash smoldering away .
my mind was drawn away from this to a memory of a smell of ash .
the smell of smoke and ash filled my nose and then was gone again just as quick .
smoke and ash .
as i had waited for the interviewand even during the interviewi thought i had smelled something burning , thought i d smelled smoke and ash .
but what if it was dirty from great streaks of ash instead ?
her dirty dress was heavily streaked black with ash and soot .
she s got burn marks on the side of her face and wears a little white dress with dark streaks of what i think is ash .
bits of ash and glowing embers floated past me , some landing in my hair and on my shoulders .
i was breathing heavily and i could smell smoke and ash .
the knob was warm to the touch and there was ash on it .
cinders peeled off of them from time to time and floated up past my face to burn orange and go out leaving only the dead black ash to float away .
it was mostly coals , ash and the occasional scorched piece of wood or bone sticking out .
i plucked it out of the ash and tossed it aside as it was still too hot to hold for very long .
he so wanted to take the damned thing off , it was killing his neck , but sarge had told them , though the sarge was looking straight at ash when he said it , that the helmets were mandatory and that every soldier was required to wear it while on the line .
he was probably about twice the size of ash .
like ash was supposed to get the joke .
maybe ash could get cummings to tell those stories again .
he was probably winning , which would be a first that ash had ever seen since the dumb bastard could nt tell a good hand from his own asshole .
the old lady just kept reaching for ash , trying to snatch him with her good hand .
asked corporal cummings as he settled down between sarge and ash , the butt of his rifle resting on his knee .
sarge and ash stayed behind the front tire of the car , an eighties model oldsmobile that looked as if the owners had abandoned it to the elements .
we got survivors her ash .
they unhitched the door and avery handed ash his rifle before scuttling up into the rear end of the truck .
he turned back to ash and said call the sarge man , these folks can use some help .
avery and ash picked up the soldier first and dragged him by the shoulders to the back of the truck and passed him gently down to the rest of the squad .
the soldier had been younger than ash , in his late teen years .
go see what the hell is going on private , sarge said , tapping ash on the shoulder .
there was something unsettling about his eyes that ash could nt pin down .
the truck picked up speed , lurched again , throwing ash and avery forward as the driver switched into second gear .
the movies had all suggested that they did nt , but even ash was nt stupid enough to believe that this all just a movie .
yeah ash i have it .
the highest point in pride for ash was what he had done to help the people of the city with his patrols .
what his dad would have said about hearing that , ash would have liked to hear .
the doctor did nt make any jokes about ash being stupid , and ash got the feeling that he was nt even thinking them quietly while they were talking .
the patrol returned to the double column side by side formation that they came to prefer when marching with ash at the head of the left column .
fuck that ash , they re right here , i m sick of looking .
the 9 mm pistol was an old weapon , not as old as his rifle , but still older than ash .
with an explosion of sound , the gun kicked slightly in his hand and schmidt fell silent , his lifeless eyes staring up at ash , the last of his tears seeping away as his body began to grow cold .
the captain stood less than an inch away , nearly nose to nose with ash .
at another time ash would have found it hilarious , and a month ago he would have pulled out the old standard of say it do nt spray it .
the captain turned his gaze to face sarge and ash stole a glance of his own .
the mans voice bounced about , almost as if he had already forgiven ash , and then decided to take new offense .
both ash and sarge had tried to protect her from the retribution that white and tex had been planning on dishing out for her part in cummings death .
men do nt cry you pussy , his father had told him when he found ash on that day when he was eleven .
sarge shook his head and parted ways with ash .
but the fact was that ash knew sarges advice better than he had known any prayers that he had learned in church as a kid .
finally sarge got tired of talking about robert heinlein and gave ash a second book to work on .
many of them joined cervantes and ash in sweeping their streets clean of the zombies , only to disappear afterwards .
the captain was a smart man , a lot smarter than ash , but even he must be overwhelmed from time to time .
sometimes he made ash look like a mental giant .
the captain turned back to ash .
though some how ash did nt think that this was what he was talking about .
stanley was a little larger than ash , who was himself a fairly big man , not huge , but taller and heavier than average , stanley was even more so .
it was good for ash because this way could keep an eye on the man without getting shot in the back .
there it is ash .
that left ash once again bringing up the rear .
the sky was scorched black ; the trees were ash colored , leafless , andtwisted , taking the shape of monsters .
as i walked the ash began to gather on my sweaty feet .
my legs were covered in sweat and ash .
the gray and white ash remains of the zombies were spilled onto the blacktop .
stanley flicked a long ash on the floor .
the man nodded and tapped ash from his cigar into the glass ashtray on the bar before turning to a stack of newspapers .
you 're just like me , '' she said , tapping ash onto the floor , ` ` except my name 's naomi . ''
the top of the porch was burning and pieces of hot ash fell upon him and burned his skin down to the meat .
his mother was n't a bad - looking chick for thirty - six , todd thought ; blonde hair that was streaked ash in a couple of places , tall , shapely , now dressed in dark red shorts and a sheer blouse of a warm whiskey colour '' the blouse was casually knotted below her breasts , putting her flat , unlined midriff on show .
` ` soot and ash , too .
he could see no people moving in either direction , but it was hard to tell for sure because the air was now full of fine dark ash .
a blizzard of black ash and soot was blowing up the street and between the buildings .
the three of them were now walking east toward atlantic avenue , through the falling ash and the sound of alarms .
there was a smudge of ash on one of his cheeks .
the stuff in front of her was doing a little better - it had had warmth , and ground to grow on which had been melted clear of snow - but the tips of the tendrils were turning the powdery gray of volcanic ash .
alice gave it to elizabeth , who thanked her and tapped her cigarette ash into it .
she let go of the ash tree , swayed on her feet , then clutched it again as panic lunged inside her head .
she repeated it over and over , but it was still three minutes before she could persuade her arms to loosen their death - clutch on the ash tree a second time .
` ` you ' ve turned green ash limberger cheese .
` ` in the right hands , your bullseye slingshot is as deadly and effective as a good ash bow or a high - powered firearm , '' the booklet proclaimed .
tony bonasaro , who was now only so many blackened flakes of ash , had been a car - thief .
he got his right knee under him , reached up clumsily with the coverlet ( which was damp with champagne and striped with smeary black swaths of ash ) , and began to beat at the flames .
heavy smack of ash on horsehide .
the boy had been entranced with the cheapjack arcana sold there : joy buzzers , sneezing powder , dribble glasses , soap that turned the user 's hands the color of volcanic ash , plastic dog turds .
and as he sat there , drinking and tapping curls of ash into one of the frozen dinner trays , he forgot about the fox - tail and started thinking about nettle cobb .
he opened his hand again , and although little tendrils of smoke drifted up from the palm , there was no sign of the cardnot even a smear of ash .
her cane ( a simple ash stick ; it would be three years yet before she would be awarded the boston post cane as the town 's oldest citizen ) was planted between her feet .
the little pile of stamps and photos quickly crumpled to black ash .
the flames guttered , went out ... and at the moment they did , a sudden gust of wind blew through the stillness of the day , breaking the clot of ash up into flakes .
everyone brought blankets and pillows to the basement that night , hoping that putting one more level between us and the ash covering the grass outside would provide a little more protection by nightfall , enough of it had accumulated on the ground to look like a blanket of dirty wool .
the ash was still falling from the sky , gray like a cloudy winter day .
` ` no , '' nathan said , his eyes bouncing between the falling and accumulating ash .
four men with guns filed out , and suddenly i was more terrified of them than i was of the ash .
` ` the ash , '' nathan said .
` ` we would have come for you days ago , but the ash clogs up the helos .
the ranch and its surroundings were entirely covered in ash , dreary and monochrome , except for a small stretch of red dirt road that had been uncovered by the blustering blades of the helicopter .
tom asked , tapping his cigarette ash into his plate .
it seemed that he had been sitting here and going over one thing and another for a very long time , but no ash had grown on his cigarette at all .
she handed the book back and tapped the long ash on her cigarette into a ceramic ash tray in the shape of a fish .
she handed the book back and tapped the long ash on her cigarette into a ceramic ash tray in the shape of a fish .
straker smoked his cigarette down to a shred , crushed the glowing ash between his fingers , and lit another .
' would n't think of wettin ' it , ' parkins said , and tapped ash in ben 's wastebasket .
' anything 's possible , i guess , ' parkins said , looking around for an ash tray .
he saw none , and tapped his cigarette ash into his coat pocket .
underfoot , small bottles crunched and powdery black ash puffed up at every step .
' we have to put an ash stake through his heart . '
parkins asked , and tapped the ash of his cigarette into an empty flower vase .
' sounds more like the good humor man to me , ' parkins said , and tapped his ash into the vase again .
there was a woodpile behind his house , half a cord of yellow ash stove lengths which he and his father had cut with the mcculloch chain saw in july and august .
his father knew the proper length just as he knew that winter followed fall and that yellow ash would burn longer and cleaner in the living room fireplace .
his son , who knew other things , knew that ash was for men - things - like him .
the hammer struck the top of the stake squarely , and the gelatinous tremor that vibrated up the length of ash would haunt him forever in his dreams .
the steady breeze that had allowed the flames to jump one firebreak now brought a steady fall of white ash over the town like summer snow .
they went downstairs , each with an armload of yellow ash stove lengths .
in duluth a man in khaki shorts and sandals walked up and down piedmont avenue with a large smear of ash on his forehead and a hand - lettered sandwich board hanging over his scrawny shoulders .
in an instant the fire of her own lust had been damped down to cold ash .
lancte smiled humorlessly and tapped the ash off his cigarette .
his fear came off him in waves , so that his power bit and flitted against my skin like hot ash from a windy fire .
we stood before a pyre of cold ash and knew that it was all that was left of the woman who had been our heart .
it was little more than ash and bone .
i do n't think he knew most of it was ash . '
something which would , instead of just going brummmmm or wacka - wacka - wacka would actually turn people into piles of smoldering ash ?
the ash of her cigarette fell on the shoulder of george meara 's uniform blouse , freshly dry - cleaned and just put on clean this morning ; he brushed it off resignedly .
aunt evvie chalmers lived close by , and tad 's shouts of terrified glee were the last sounds she heard as she died ; her heart gave out , one of its paper - thin , walls breaching suddenly ( and almost painlessly ) as she sat in her kitchen chair , a cup of coffee by one hand and a straight - eight herbert tareyton by the other ; she leaned back and her vision darkened and somewhere she heard a child crying , and for a moment it seemed that the cries were joyful , but as she went out , suddenly propelled as if by a hard but not unkind push from behind , it seemed to her that the child was screaming in fear , in agony ; then she was gone , and her niece abby would find her the following day , her coffee as cold as she was , her cigarette a perfect and delicate tube of ash , her lower plate protruding from her wrinkled mouth like a slot filled with teeth .
he flicks his ash to the sidewalk and slides the back of his hand under his nose .
people died , and they were hidden away from the eyes of man - enclosed in boxes or burned to subtle ash , kept present in the form of photographs on mantelpieces , home videos that denied death , counteracted it .
it is only when they arrive in the city 's downtown that moses sees the soot and ash everywhere settled like new snow , the black char on the sides of many structures - and he realizes something .
his skin is completely grey with blue undertones - death gone to pallid ash .
the stink of sulphur is everywhere , and ash blows in the breeze , itself lighter than the snow that is now falling .
or simply that it was blown off her body in one of the explosions and that she is now part of the dusty ash he breathes into his weary lungs ?
he smoked the cigarette until the ash met the lip , yet the ashes never fell free .
i swear to you the man could come in out of a rainstorm and the ash would be two inches long and hanging in there .
we small boys vowed someday we would be capable of producing our own ash surpassing igod 's .
louise brushed a speck of cigarette ash off his velvet sleeve .
darjeeling looked round , tapping some ash into the void .
the persian leant over the table sizing up his shot , careful that the ash from his clove should fall , not a lot , but a little , on the beautiful cloth of the brunswick .
the other two had already burnt and small pieces of ash were falling to the carpet .
the manager had her escorted out of the building by security , but not before shed sprinkled a handful of powdered sugar and pine ash around the edge of the room and loudly conjured a hex on the entire place .
after the barista , there was the mystic from staten island who smelled like shed doused herself in patchouli then rolled in incense ash ; the accountant who chewed her fingers until they were raw and bleeding ; the thin - haired hairstylist with an immensely bad dye job ; the rabbit farmer from long island who smelled fecal and tangy and liked to wear thick , tarnished bangles ; the advertising copywriter who spoke in mottos and catchphrases and consumed only peanuts and coke ; the physical therapist who constantly cracked her knuckles ; the graphic designer who broke into tears every other day because her computer crashed ; the sous chef with the diet pill problem ; the broker who carried four cell phones and rang off , peace and pray the dow up ten ; and the dental assistant with inflamed gums and a lifetime supply of scope .
when the final head exploded and left a fiery pile of ash on the floor , evegart sat down in his throne of flaming boobies .
red and grey ; lipstick and ash , they bobbed together , locked in death amid the froth .
i needed a new image , so ... she shrugged , dumping ash .
she lost her balance and jumped to the floor , dropping ash on vern .
his nostrils filled with ash .
collectively they wished the sun could be switched off at that very moment and that pageant , spectacle and peep show made sultry and ash .
the movie over , beer drunk , cans squashed and filled with cigarette ash , sighs came over the pair .
owen let his ash fall to the carpet .
the patrol car in hot pursuit mounted the kerb and sent pedestrians scattering , narrowly missed a hot - dog stand and an old lady selling flowers - who did not gaze up from her crossword but did drop ash from her cigarette - coloured lights blazing , siren loud , before colliding head on with three police motorcyclists , part of the district 17 stunt ' n ' trick team .
pot and cowls exchanged secrets , dropped huge clustered rings of ash on the floor .
driving this ventura , pleasantly chilled , in mind as in body , propelled by ice - cream and surrounded by empty space , steeped in the charred perfume of cigarette ash and shaping his arse to an unfamiliar seat , he practised a victory smile , all cheekbones and teeth .
thorp , un - shaded , the collars of his trenchcoat stained with ash and curled at the edges like old money .
ill have the usual , i said , tapping ash into an overflowing ashtray .
jaggers tapped ash into a tray .
i said , tapping ash onto the concrete .
she tapped ash into an overflowing tray .
jaggers grinned , he withdrew his cigarette holder and tapped the ash to the floor , seemingly not bothered by the fact he was surrounded by several tons of tnt .
hugo picked up an all purpose cloth and began wiping away the ash of his latest adventure .
he limped through the fires , glass crunching under his feet as he squinted through the falling white dust , the spiralling ash and the smothering haze .
these bastions of mass production would churn out thousands of consumer goods while simultaneously spewing thick clouds of ash into the air .
well have the flame and ash under control , no problem .
the lyrics : i ' m ready for a party ; i ' ve put on my dress the guests are coming ; everyone 's invited the band is ready and tuning up it 'll be the biggest blast this town has ever seen even the gods would love this happenin ' time the party 's started and everyone 's having fun praise bacchus and pass along the wine the only one who 's upset is that silly vulcun refrain : vesuvius has turned red and hot we 're havin ' so much fun we do n't care the ground is rumbling and shakin ' to the beat of the music in the air then there 's a sound that splits the sky the ash , it coats everything , the pyroclastic flows go by maybe we should have evacuated whoops , its time for the afterlife , to the elysium fields i go , to see my friends from herculaneum and continue the party with pluto refrain x2 track 10 : spectrum of black the interview : brad : this one is a more alternative rock song with hooks that lean towards prog rock .
a trading strategy based on the stock falling in value and a sure bet if headquarters was reduced to a pile of ash .
then , in a thick russian accent , as she tipped the ash from her cigarette onto the floor , she proclaimed , i avv exactly vot you need .
your bed is ash by evils fire your only home , your one true pyre xavier lord xavier .
you re no good to her as a little pile of burning ash !
stan tapped ash off his havana into the ashtray on his leather - clad writing desk .
stan tapped another large , lingering ash .
when once the dust was settled and the hubcap fronts were valued for their use as ash trays then came knocking at the door in state unzen young hamish .
by that point only ash remained .
the office was untidy but homely and dominated by a large ash tray which held precedence over a jumble of books and files on an elderly but elegant executive sized desk .
the reek of cigar smoke was deeply infused into the whole environment and several crushed butts protruded from a sea of grey ash which filled the ash tray , spilling over on to the mahogany surface .
folklore nervously tapped his pencil against a glass ash tray .
he ground the wreckage into his ash tray , waving the smoke away from his face .
his roll - ups were invariably misshapen , bulbous things which emitted eruptions of smoke and ash , like a miniature vesuvius , in time with his stutter .
unlike the fastidious french , the spanishcasually dropped their used paper serviettes , cigarette ash , dog ends , empty packets and olive stones on the floor .
lord haddington had swung his swivel chair around a little to drop the ash of his cigar into an ashtray , now , without apparently hearing the question he swung back and managed to knock over a bottle of whisky sitting on his desk .
haddington shook it limply and took the cigar from his mouth and inadvertently dropped ash on the sleeve of the newcomers coat , who brushed it off quickly as he moved away from haddington and sat down to face him .
he 's shielded , the shop is grounded , there 's spells on everything and if i was n't channeling the staff for you , you 'd be a greasy pile of smoking ash on the floor right now .
he smelled of throat lozenges , ash and unwashed clothing .
he led me through a soupy mixture of ash that splashed beneath our feet .
all i found was a pile of ash that used to be my rock - n - roll clothes for the trip .
muscles rippling , stompers firmly planted on ash , i pop off as many rounds as my plastic weapon can handle .
here it was assumed that people knew their sycamores from their ash .
harold garstang pours half - an - inch of red wine into an ash tray and places it by his three - legged dogs nostrils .
the ambulance will come and the autopsy will show that my brain actually turned to a pile of ash , snuffing out my life for good .
his fathers twitch caused hot ash to fall from his lit cigarette , causing further panic as he frantically brushed at the spilled ash , hoping no lit embers damaged his orange naugahyde or his trousers , all the while exclaiming , what the hell was that ?
his fathers twitch caused hot ash to fall from his lit cigarette , causing further panic as he frantically brushed at the spilled ash , hoping no lit embers damaged his orange naugahyde or his trousers , all the while exclaiming , what the hell was that ?
all that remained were blackened fragments of the support structures of the building and piles of ash .
alex , who paused to brush some cigarette ash off the sleeve of his sweater , remained uncontrollably happy , both with the few grand in winnings at the casino and with the good fun he was having with two of his best old friends and four new friends .
the carpet was thick rich crimson but downtrodden into paths ; the ash trays were always full ; the voices were as coarse as the crystal was delicate .
ill think about it , i reply , then decide to wander outside for a quick butt rollie i made earlier from the contents of the handy ash tray outside the door .
a bunch of sleazy guys sitting on the sofa , smoking fat cigars , tapping ash onto the floor , hollering , spilling drinks .
his erratic head movement continued , even as the temperature rose and ash began to rain down from the charred roof .
fog does nt smell like a distant fire , smoldering ash , scorched flesh the fog is just too much .
as they drew closer to civilization , what he d passed off as fog was now unmistakably rising smoke and ash .
it made its rounds until all that was left was ash in the wind .
but do n't worry me about ash or trouble me about e.l .
' it 's ash , '' michael said .
` ` its not like ash . ''
his father loved ash , not him .
` ` i need to go in and see ash . ''
he said he 'd see to it ash was safe .
one electro - shock machine , complete with ash pan .
nelson picked the change from the ash tray and we shared a snickers bar from the glove compartment .
sure , help yourself it looks like a pumpkin and was built by a bumpkin as nigel continued crooning and plucking , mitch furtively snatched nigel 's half - finished cigarette from the curb , flicked off the ash , and hastily placed it in a plastic bag inside his top pocket .
for the brand new 32 inch hank aaron model length of ash had very little to do with the latest bases loaded iii that shances father had bought him last month for his nintendo n4900 hotshot box .
64 ( annual final ) - two my few chair auld err shelf ( pet fairy , acquired savant syndrome , letter to future self , as many homonyms as possible - extras - 1 element from each preliminary round and open final - incubus ( incubi ) , kitchen apron , rhinestone tiara , victim , glass house , bagpipes , atlantis , balloon animals ) deer auld err shelf , ewe may knot bee ahh wear of dish fact butt aft her hay seer ear us head inn jury sum months ergo , ewe whirr die hag nosed ash having ahh kwai erred savant sin drome , tern inn ewe , awe mi two bee maw presize , inn two ahh gene ears arm mung gnaw mole men .
hat dish mow meant , eye yam un ehh bell two right buy my own hand , eye yam act chew all lee dick dating dish let err two my own purse urn all pet ferry , who , ash eye have now orb served , khan knot spell four sheet .
i was explaining to the camels that sb was punishing us with fire and ash because we were drifting away , spending too much time watching the fertility rites at the ziggurat . ''
his face was unshaven , the curling stubble like white ash on old charcoal .
with breaths as fragile as cigarette ash .
when her body was burned down to a few pounds of chalk fog ash , it was just carbon particulate .
the garage remained seemingly unscathed while the rest of the house had been reduced to obsidian skeletal shards frosted with snowy ash .
bugles scruffy silhouette appeared in the window with fur that seemed regularly treated with mud and ash .
put a big - time scowl on his face and whined about it being ash trash .
she flings a bucket of water onto melisandre , who , being a fire priestess , promptly turns to wet ash and dies .
lets stop all this shit , ash .
give it up , ash .
you 'll be plastering this stuff all over your face , ash , when you get to her age .
i tried your advice , ash .
artie 's face had a drawn , dour , severe cast to it , grey as ash , fixed as rocky granite .
he twisted his cigarette slowly into the ash tray .
two brown leather armchairs stood on either side of a black - leaded grate containing the grey ash and clinker of some ancient fire .
he tapped a thick , solid circle of black ash into his palm .
he beckoned to the woman , and transferred the ash to her apron pocket .
randolph burst into laughter and emptied the ash from his oney .
i could hardly step anywhere without staining my socks with soot from all the cigarette ash .
the vampire looms larger in the glass , her eyes sparkling like corpses and her teeth as bright as ash .
as billy williams said about hitting , its all about putting ash to cowhide .
norm tore away a chunk of throat but it tasted like cigar ash so he dropped it onto the ground .
it tasted like ash .
its a tide of molten minerals and ash clearing a path through my body and into the sea : a fresh start .
to see that strong woman just whither away to nothin , to see that bedrock of my life ground down to powder and ash well , the world had nothin left to offer me after witnessin that spectacle .
but i ca nt back out now with only a smidgen of ash on the ground so far and i will just have to grin and bear it as they say , even with the hairy legs that will have a real persons dead bits currently glued to them .
the store owners sternum exploded into a thousand pieces , curdling through the air like fallen ash from celebratory fireworks .
each ballot flared for a moment and then dissolved into ash .
not even ash knew .
that s too bad , ash , said sig , finally preparing to get up .
and to hide it from ash , he would have to contrive to get the family on a long vacation ( more expense ) , until the work could be redone from foundation to tiled roof .
lances of ash were held vertically , black pennons swaying sluggishly in the warming air .
he expected the lean wood carver to spring from the black , to demand the head of the lady , ista 's human skull which had perched on a body of his making , her uplifted shoulders hewn from beech , her torso from close - grained ash .
plus all your clothes smell like ash .
he knew before she did when the elders of her people came and left gifts for the coming child , and he knew before she did when soldiers and settlers came and massacred her people , all the men and the women and children , scarcely a hundred of them and then gone , everyone , without a trace but the added richness of the soil where the bodies were buried and the blood and the ash from the burned village seeped into the soil where white farmers would plant their crops until they themselves were overtaken by disaster , seemingly less violent but ultimately as catastrophic : those very farmers and their children run down by a civilization that raped the earth even as men continued to kill each other and rape women .
every night the television reported on the forest fires that raged all over colorado and new mexico and the death toll mounted and in the city , people went out with masks over their faces if they suffered from asthma and ash covered the yard around the house and blew in on the window sills .
the air for miles was heavy with ash .
he dreamed that his body , asleep , was already decomposing and turning into earth , to the ash from whence it had come , nourishing the saplings and mushrooms , the very rocks that surrounded him .
she was smoking feverishly , constantly brushing her side - parted blonde hair off her face or jabbing her cigarette accusingly towards the door , sending fine sprays of ash and smoke into the air which danced together in slow motion before departing , the ash gently snowing to the carpet or coffee table , the smoke rising to the ceiling where it gradually faded away .
she was smoking feverishly , constantly brushing her side - parted blonde hair off her face or jabbing her cigarette accusingly towards the door , sending fine sprays of ash and smoke into the air which danced together in slow motion before departing , the ash gently snowing to the carpet or coffee table , the smoke rising to the ceiling where it gradually faded away .
while she prepared the tea and coffee an uneasiness settled , like the cigarette ash , over the room .
he turned to the window , the pyre burning , the ash rising , the clock , 2:56 .
he brushed the soot and ash from his hair and face but then stopped and let it pile on him .
shouts and screams and the unmistakable noxious stench of flesh burning mixed in the air and mystified the encompassing cloud breathing smoke and spitting ash .
the ash and sulphur and smoke wore through him and he collapsed only to place the petal on the stone .
it spread , tendrils sprouted and searched for earth , burrowing into the soil round the stone , swallowing the smoke and ash , the cloud less thick near the bright evenstar he carried so far in his hands .
old , his body anguished and worn , the soot and ash in his lungs , he turned to the flower , so bright , then the window , an impenetrable barrier of white smoke , of black smoke , the ash snowing against the walls , the soot piling with it and clinging to window sills .
old , his body anguished and worn , the soot and ash in his lungs , he turned to the flower , so bright , then the window , an impenetrable barrier of white smoke , of black smoke , the ash snowing against the walls , the soot piling with it and clinging to window sills .
the purple haze choked out all else but hands formed from the cracks in the wall lined with soot and ash , hands that swam through the haze , a vague visage , a cold embrace , constantly fleeting , swallowed by the mist .
the cigarette turned to ash below her wistful eyes , ash that cooled and dropped like exotic silver leaves .
the ash was monochromatic and powdery and the heat , stroking through his moulded helmet , cooked his brain .
the pall dusted fine ash across a broad radius of trees .
shadows twisted and doubled repeatedly , darkening vortices of gas and ash wrapping the yellow - orange heat of blossoming fires as they coursed upward from countless rumbling explosions , shrouding the bird .
the red ice , blue ice , black ice merged to form plateau , headless islands clothed in volcanic ash upon which were raised paradoxical armies of denial , those same armies engaged in a conflict of worlds , the debris of combat filtering down to stuff the ever busy ovens , the dead employed in the construction of mausoleums .
they itched in the wake of this latest debacle and had to remove the whole of their tattered ash skins , stripping their bodies to the bare essentials , retaining a minimum of levers for perambulation .
smokestacks were everywhere with the sole purpose of spitting clouds of sulfur and ash into the air .
she flicked ash out the cracked backseat window .
they had seen ash black thunderheads and evanescent wisps of the palest orange ; they had watched the sky fill with more shades of purple than there were irises .
long after legs image has turned to ash and the ash had been kicked to the winds , frank spills drunken tears over sins of cowardice and courage .
long after legs image has turned to ash and the ash had been kicked to the winds , frank spills drunken tears over sins of cowardice and courage .
after a while we got tired of talking and just sat there watching the fire in its ring die down to embers that glowed red and then became grey ash .
she rose quickly from the decayed wooden bench , and the air became filled with clouds , little particles of sand and ash raining down upon her from a now completely obscured sky .
ms . pembleton wiped at the ash that fell upon her , spreading what landed in a streak upon her form .
the sky darkened even more , and gray ash fell once again upon the world .
the falling ash , at least , had remained outside , and ms . pembletons spirit appeared rather clean and well - formed , considering what she was moments before .
the edges of the roads and sidewalks are bracketed with low walls of packed snow , streaked with black dirt , with ash from chimneys and motor oil leaked from cars , with crushed remnants of dead brown leaves left from autumn .
that evening while he tried to console tisha , gene looked at the dozen surviving ants , staggering around like ash wednesday morning mardi gras revelers , saw the quiet that had replaced the frenetic teeming of the ant farm , and knew that something had to change .
tom took a sip of his scotch and tapped some cigar ash over the rail of the deck and onto the grass of the back yard .
lincoln tapped cigar ash onto the ground .
bill was now confused , and he took a moment to tap the ash from the tip of his cigar .
you were drawn to ham radio because you thought it was archaic , obsolete , lincoln said , tapping ash into an ashtray .
he then brushed the residue of ash from his scarlet robe and stood from his throne as if rising to his feet for the first time in many moons .
what just happened ash ?
um , ash , asked miles in a voice that was unintendedly patronizing .
got a truffle for me in that bag , ash ?
the inside was the burnt red color of western clay , stained dark from years of snubbed ash .
the trail traced long - vanished train - tracks , and the path was black with the ash and coal remains of stream - belching machines gone now for nearly a hundred years .
* * * 07:52 am , july 1st , 2002 his shovel bit into the black ash .
the shovel bit into the ash .
maybe burning , turn the bones right to powdered ash , disappear from the world on the anonymous wind .
patricia conner stood behind him wrapped in a long gray fur coat the color of ash .
he shrugged , plucking out his cigarette and looking about for somewhere to drop the ash .
not finding any , he let the hot ash fall on the thick carpet and ground it out with his slipper - clad heel .
simply abandon hope and give it all to the fire , transform everything into anonymous ash as a final spiteful act of self - destruction .
they watched her , fascinated , entranced in the motion of her slender fingers flicking off the ash , then again raising the cigarette to her lipsin and out , its orange burn the only light in the darkness .
chanced ... perhaps ... the ideological and technological - explosion of brutality , in - terror , besiegement and conquest : ... < for trade ? < < exploration by trade : plunder and monetaristic ... < < credit - capitalism suing for peace : for terms of trade ... < < and terms - of - trade ? < astronomical - omen red glow grey covering dark skies and crop failure volcanic - ash cloud and the destruction of trees and drought - deserted dust - bowl : ' the gods have failed us ! '
from - night - time scenario into the day : ... > < in the red ... zoning - in ... > > the - whole of the city , is on - fire ! > ... white - zones flashed across the screen ... yellow moonlit - zone , in the black - zone : breaking - out into absurdly chaotic blue sunshine : the black - zone quickly returning ... fading - into brown ... to red ... turning blue - yellow with the glare and white and blackout , with specked ash and frost blasted .
besides the enormous ash cloud produced by a firestorm , under the right conditions , it can also induce condensation , forming a pyrocumulus cloud or fire cloud which in turn can produce lightning , setting off further fires .
i do nt even know who was there for helena , when she was turned to ash and my parents tried to wipe that slate clean , leaving just that sad little plaque in a suburban church to mark her .
blaise flitted in and out of conscious , always seeing fire and ash .
she held her cigarette vertically , studied it , and flicked off the ash .
i have a parable of ash for your ashthoughts .
they fly back and hurricaneengulf him speeding around him and snaking as if the ash were one , snaking into his mouth and pockets and ears and creaks and grinding his biological clock to a ruminative halt .
( in ) wet ash .
he writes in wet ash .
and as always browncoat had to take the back door and brave the fire escape , for the air in the well - lit wooden room had become suffused with microscopic , anatomically corrected shards of glass and was hardly breathable ; and browncoat sought well - vascularised leaves that were not born with a destiny of ash within them , leaves that could grow old and boring as parachuting churches and wormfood and cluttered sewage and worse , bookmarks .
his eyes were bloodshot , the lines in his face etched deep with campfire ash .
there were remnants of an oversized bonfire , with ash everywhere .
granular ash rained down from a point in mid air , the shards of the red balloon like the winged seed of a maple corkscrewing for fertile ground .
something popped , sending up a column of cinders , a hunk of burning ash levitating in a vortex , landing close to the door of the main dome .
chapter 34ashes , ashes the next day arrived chilly and overcast , sky the same gray - white as the layer of fine ash blanketing the ground and dusting every surface , as if mount baker , or some other proximate volcano , had cleared its pipes .
dalton displayed a set of yellowed horse - sized teeth when he smiled , causing the layer of ash on his face to crack like old mud .
the pickup proceeded down the access road , billowing blue smoke , ash and dust in its wake .
chapter 35candy it rained hard for two days , the advancing marine air juicing the clouds against the spine of the cascades , turning the ash heap of the barn into a moonscape of charred glop .
there is cigarette ash on his collar .
the captain taps the ash .
your flesh is smoke and ash .
smoke chokes the sky , rising black with anger towards heaven , spark and ash all clamoring for an explanation which will never come .
the jolt went all the way to his fingertips , dislodging a clump of ash .
he shook a clump of ash off onto the windowsill and pushed his finger against it , smearing it into a dark streak on the white paint .
neil stubbed the third out when he heard the front door open and scraped ash off the windowsill onto the carpet .
he ground the ash in with a shoe , stuffed what was left of the butt into his pack for later , and kicked his things into some semblance of order .
his shirt was covered in ash and sulphur , and yet he had never felt so strong and powerful .
i could see that fire in dawsley , which had been burning so brightly , quickly smolder out into nothing but ash and smoke .
puffs of ash billowed out showering over a grey - haired black man who lay asleep near its warmth .
thick ash from the sputtering fire baked itself onto the damp patches upon his body .
he could just imagine running along a deer trail , his tattered clothes flapping in the wind , his face painted with ash from burnt logs and crushed wildflowers , just like the indians .
the violet molding was anatomically perfect , except that it held a pile of violet ash in place of a tongue- this was probably more fitting .
combine this with the astronomical risk of infection one faces when he inundates his sliced flesh with a fist full of carcinogenic ash .
ash crackled in the fire as smoke rose into night .
the pain built and built and kane was certain his fingers would rot off , but he was n't sure whether he could stay awake to see his digits crumble into ash before passing out in agony .
shaking free from the searing sweater , the burns heating in his chest , kane stomped the flames , reducing his sweater into pungent ash .
a single tear hung at the corner of her left eye , and then dropped silently into the gray ash that covered the ground .
as he drew closer , his feet sank into the accumulated ash which dropped from the smoldering trees .
she looked across the street at a plate - glass storefront catching a last orange ash of sunlight , seemed to wait for an answer to occur , then shrugged her smooth round shoulders .
i felt a pang of jealousy about those other people , mixed with a ash of anger at her self - pity .
i went outside for a cigarette , found the pack in my pocket was empty , did nt want to go back inside , considered taking a butt out of the ash tray same way i used to when i was hard up .
* * * out on the balcony in just my boxers , drowning in the humid air , flicking the filter - end of a cigarette , ash kept clinging to the tip did nt want to go , not yet .
nothing had been left of her but a white ash gleaming with a million fragments of a shattered jewel .
domen strode through the undergrowth , seeing liesan upon the ash heap , the dusk of the fortieth day .
begietan , trying to go unnoticed in the background , now turned tail and slunk from the ash heap .
the good people of feallengod dragged corens body to the ash heap a final throwing off of royal authority , just as domen said far from the community , where garbage burned and smoldered , flames constantly flaring and dying in turn .
desolate in his sorrow and loneliness , he trudged toward the ash heap careful to give wide distance to the community dreading this duty but determined to see it through .
the ash heap spread before him bare .
at first he told every man and woman he could find about the scene at the ash heap : corens body mysteriously vanished .
anyway , i do know this : i could have taken the blade , but i could not have gotten up from that ash heap .
but , his body vanished from the ash heap !
remember the length of time coren lay upon the ash heap ?
the platform came apart board by board , and the wood taken to the ash heap and burned until only dead embers remained .
i concentrated on the fire assessing the smoldering ash and wondering whether it would revive if i added a few more sods .
traces of ash fell , then large clumps , odd brittle bits that must have been bone .
she tapped her cigarette against the rolled edge of a glass ash tray .
she laughed uproariously then , rolling about the mattress , trying to hold the cigarette aloft , but spilling plenty of ash nevertheless .
bits of ash and bark were floating on the surface .
the air was thick with ash and the putrid smell of sulphur when isaiah woke up .
he did nt have to wait long until the same beat up turbo - prop that had deposited him on the island sputtered through the thick cloud of ash .
the moon looked so much bigger out here in the country , and as she flicked away an ash , she could feel him wrapping his arms around her again , and no god , no !
he stared down at the ash elongating from each pull and then he flicked the embers around the room carelessly .
he drained his beer so he could use the can for an ash tray , and warren tossed him another .
on the bar in front of hal , a round black ash tray held a pile of cigarette butts .
walt retrieved a half - empty ash tray and placed it near claude .
hal was so intoxicated he held the brass rail with both hands and gazed non - stop at the butt - filled ash tray .
hal looked up from the ash tray , and the effort nearly knocked him off his stool .
walt brought the shots , refilled their empty beer mugs , and emptied the two ash trays at that end of the bar .
claude crushed his nearly unsmoked cigarette in the ash tray , and walked toward hal to retrieve his pack .
the nearest ash tray rested in front of an older woman two stools down , and without thinking he tossed the extinguished match from where he sat .
the woman pulled the match from her plate , puffed her own cigarette , and dropped the match into the ash tray .
she pushed the ash tray toward claude .
claude set his cigarette on the edge of the ash tray and squirmed out of his coat .
franny tapped an ash from the tip of her cigarette .
she scrunched the butt of her cigarette into the ash tray , smiled quickly at claude , and slung the handbag over her shoulder .
week - old dishes , clothes of all kinds , newspapers , magazines , empty vodka bottles , three or four chock - full ash trayssomewhere there were a pair of shoes or two , but under what , he did nt know .
before he d smoked a quarter of the cigarette , he snuffed it outcarefully , so he could someday finish itand set the remainder of the edge of the ash tray beneath the radio .
the long tube of ash that had curled up at the end threatened to fall .
she took a deep breath of air tinged with the ash of smoldering villages , a welcome relief from the sweet disinfectant of the apartment .
joanna takes her by the hand and leads her down the hall to the bedroom where she had slept for the last four decades or so the bed which she had shared with her husband where they had done so much together all turned now to ash and mud swept away on a flood tide .
set me afire do not read another line not another word tear out the page and burn it scatter the ash empty the shells escape while you can do not linger too long do not risk falling in love child i am older and you are so young still .
this abandoned corner of the house exhales dust like a smoggy last breath she pinches her nose and waves a hand at the gray tumble of soft falling particulates like an ash storm the morning after the fire has died and embers gone cold as gray snowfall .
charred fragments drift like ghosts across the surface of the little pond and the words ascend upward and out burning toward the horizon past the roof of the little stone house past the heavy limbs of the trees past the arch of the setting sun and before they have come to the final page night has fallen and fire burns in darkness the burning words are the only illumination and when they are gone there is only night and ash and all the stars are in the water and all the words have gone to heaven raised like a prayer to something ancient and sightless and beyond the corruption of thought or time .
even though his hair was predominantly thinning , its remaining long strands , the color of ash , danced wildly above his head in the wind , as if taking on a life of their own .
seeing and smelling the birch wood burning in the stove , seeing the ash and the embers , feeling the radiant heat in her clothes somehow gave her calm reassurance and comfort as she watched the letters transcribed from her hands and eyes and the blue air mail letters to the laptop computer screen .
she went inside and brought some cooking oil and poured it on the notebooks and the first match lit the fire and she sat back on the beach sand , watching the yellow flames gather around the notebooks , curl one page after another and turn them to white ash .
he stood up straight and banged the embers and ash from his pipe against the side of the metal fold up chair .
marcus hunches over and absently taps ash onto his worn converse sneakers .
when his last hopes finally desiccate and ignite , the anger morphs back into anxious anticipation , which fizzles into a dull resignation , which now rises from the ash as the following thoughts : she is not coming .
a long gray ash fell off his smoke into the shell .
the entire length of ash dropped to the floor from my cigarette .
my interest left like ash on the wind .
he grabbed the shell and knocked out the weed ash into the pile of cigarette ash .
he grabbed the shell and knocked out the weed ash into the pile of cigarette ash .
rain was coming down in buckets outside , and the sky was the color of ash .
the young girl in flames , the unarmed man before the tanks , the exhausted fire - fighter caked in ash and brick dust .
so they drove onto a rough spur road and parked by a fire ring filled with ash and burned trash , with the smell of pine and the chill of high altitude in the air .
the air smelled of ash .
in the mirror , she watched andrea 's mother leave for the hospital in boulder , then she leaned forward and opened the ash tray .
knocking people aside , clambering over rails and obstacles to recite the boy scout pledge together in the night sky , lit by the booming bonfires , ash floating everywhere , landing on my face , my neck , my hair .
he sat down at the kitchen table and smoked voraciously , discarding the burnt ash into an empty coffee cup .
he sucked on the cigar , short little inhalations that caused the ash to turn crimson momentarily and lengthen , before blowing another stream of white smoke across the length of the room .
the birds burst away from the sky , the cloud they had formed now divided into a million pieces of vaporing ash .
soon the forest was reduced to a blackened and soggy skeleton of smoldering stumps and ash .
my hair was matted from the rain and charred pine needles , my clothes full of dirt and ash .
the ash was soon covered by a thick blanket of green .
then he would roll leisurely out to the desert , watching the lengthening rays of the sun slant across the sage toward the craters , and pull off onto one of the four - wheel - drive roads that snaked across the gray volcanic ash , looking for the little turnout that marked his usual campsite , hidden in the sage , with its view downslope to the lake and across to the sawtooth sierra on the west and to the softer shapes of the craters to the south .
secret stories by dwight peters secret stories by dwight peters copyright 2014 dwight peters smashwords edition contents the man who turned into a garden a shadow play famous orphan girl the value of simplicity as told to a deaf turtle in the voice of a tomato wildman hero this story stinks music of bodys footsteps perceiving doors an oak and a shepherd everyone deserves a little celebration naked reading do nt be suckered into worrying the third nipple is never blind gypsy girl and woman portrait be movie parentage chip dip the excitement of silences days over when they begin , the first quiet breaths of morning new normal dangers a self sacrifice oceans tide the philosopher and the stranger the killing of a bad man over as well as under development the eye of acquaintance the wait alone again nature walk an interview with a social worker the gift of strength a new fullness documentary introduction reality show amuseum do nt ever settle for simply settling when settling down the reason for rhythm i was wrong it is essential to know this prescription touch , to know what giving is a to - do today touchdown potty training for potty mouths you are beautiful inside your insides prehistoric urges its okay to have vision the man with a mirror for a face the woman who was the earth children can be cruel and everyones a child travel time wild , western , cowless , cower less man untitled audience crane sightseeing internet cafe water music fire music the salty madness of mixed - up nuts ash as fire wave goodbye , wave hello meditation on the smiling beautiful the man who held his breath and became a cloud workforce street smarts i would drink an entire volcano while walking in the middle of an ocean to create an island paradise for you .
then , the memory of the burning skin falling away as ash finally ended the struggle of the past two weeks and some of the previous struggle of life .
not like claire , lisbeth said , tapping ash into the sink .
as i drew nearer the source of the commotion , i found myself standing in the arena of the central temple , where twenty bonfires had been lit sputtering oil and ash in every direction , setting the sky ablaze in defiance of the dark night .
holding in my stomach i squeezed myself behind the oven , stretching my arm as far as it could reach so as to grip our ribbed washboard next bending sideways to collect our small vessel of scented ash that we used for soap , which , like our other household ingredients , was beginning to run low .
a sharp taste told him that there may be cigarette ash in the can , but no one seemed to notice as he put it back down .
he scrutinized the can as best he could for any signs of ash or fag butts and once he was certain that there were none , he began to drink .
he inhaled deeply on his smoke , rolled it around in his mouth , breathed it out and flicked the ash .
when a waitress came , he asked for coffee , a portobello mushroom sandwich on foccacia bread , and an ash try .
as he went through each section , he took the paper clips off and put them in the ash tray until he finished making notes on the computer .
his conviction , his stricture , firm as any roman structure made with a concrete that uses volcanic ash , seemed unshakable , and yet she shook it nonetheless .
bubba looked over the bats we had and reached down for 34 inch stick of natural ash that was white and unblemished .
so , with two away , chopper gaines stepped up with that same short piece of mlb grade ash .
but , did that ash limb strike hard enough to get a toeless man on base ?
much needed way back when -- when the spark combusted , leaving all involved covered in ash .
papers and notebooks blew out , some on fire , arcing over yaeko in a shower of yellow sparks , black ash , and fluttering , floating white .
his face was little more than thin ash layered over brittle bone .
shards of wood and ash arced over the water like a slow motion dream .
a dim , featureless orange - red sky above showered tiny flakes of hot gray ash on her head , the cries of unseen countless millions filling the air , as soft and somber as winters lonely wind whistling through the leafless boughs over an abandoned cemetery .
the path was deep in fallen leaves and light ash .
fires can be choked by too much ash , you know .
there s too much ash in the fireplace .
i asked , flicking the ash at a cereal - encrusted bowl on the dresser .
one man was smoking from a cigar nearly as long as his forearm and disdainfully flicked ash over a boa constrictor sitting by a cardboard sign which read in scrawling biro : cold & hungry !
the snake squirmed to avoid the ash .
remarked xenana , stubbing out her cigarette in an ash tray and leaping up .
so i go left , and we 're heading out into the country , but just on the other side of the bridge over the ash slough , she tells me to turn right on a dirt road .
i see the creamery through the trees , even see some cane growing tall and green out back on the bank of the ash slough .
i came floating down the ash slough .
he must have been injured and having trouble driving when he came to that dip at the ash slough .
mama tells trish to be quiet because the radio 's talking about the ash slough again .
* me and papa are standing on the bank of the ash slough , over by the danish creamery .
just two blocks from here 's the danish creamery , and on the other side of it is the ash slough where they 're still trying to hold back the flood .
he puffed it red hot and flipped the ash off ; just before the two left with the groceries elizabeth thumbed through the dry goods and held up material for wills approval .
he would be a pallid thing , as bright as a heap of dead ash , as scintillating as wood .
i slid my hand along the edge of the bar it felt dry , and dusty , from ash and tobacco flakes like the ones now melting away in carters stomach .
a woman came around the corner of ash , tugging along a little boy .
i found the tiniest ember in the ash .
there had been nothing left in the ash .
troll felt his throat fill with ash , felt himself trying to retch it back out .
he hurtled forward , through pain and blinding ash and torches of trees .
the winds that gusted past were hot and lined with ash .
hot wind and ash stormed around them .
he would receive the sacred ash mark , grey , and then the small red stripe with a contrite soul .
the tobacco and black ash became highlights amongst the colourful scraps of paper that lay upon the floor .
at times , noon was like midnight when the sun was covered by the heavy volcanic ash drifting through the air .
nice job ash , blurting things out again .
i mean literally burning until you were nothing but a pile of ash .
think about the blood reading , ash , she said , no longer evelyn judge , jury , and executioner , but evelyn the civilian .
the muddy ash pit beckoned .
i looked back down at the ash pit , suddenly afraidand not just for myself .
i stopped again , to flick the ash from my cigarette while my eyes scanned the parking lot .
` ` i had some free time between ash hauling sessions . ''
but there was a slight burn mark , and some ash on the ground .
i knelt down and blew the ash away then scraped at the burn mark with my foot .
he took a long drag from his cigarette , flicked an ash in the empty can .
' because the ash had twice dropped from her cigar . '
is it natural that she should stand for five or ten minutes , as dr . mortimer , with more practical sense than i should have given her credit for , deduced from the cigar ash ? '
hank held up two fingers , and the bald , pear - shaped bartender dropped his rag , shook the ice off two bottles of beer , popped the caps , and headed towards the booth without losing the long ash from the cigarette dangling from his lip .
i heard other voices laughing and yelling as children played outside the window and i prayed i could be out there with them as i gasped for breath in the heat of the summer 's day ... ... then done , tossed to oblivion , crumpled ... ... against the cold vinyl seat of an old ford pick - up reeking of marlboro cigarettes and burnt fluids and the feel of the metal ash tray butting against of my head while pale arms with scattered brown spots inbetween purple tattoos swung back and forth as each movement brought nausea to my stomach while cramps grabbed hard at my back ...
bev was glad she 'd had the presence of mind to grab a bandanna to cover her mouth and nose for what little protection it would provide against the smoke and ash .
bev backed up , thanks for the thought , but you 're already clean and i smell like the bottom of an ash tray .
the inside of my mouth tasted like ash .
i heard the scratch of a match , and the room filled with the smell of burning newsprint , pine resin , and leftover ash from fires past .
he took one last puff from the stub of his cigar , before stuffing it out in the full ash tray beside him .
shed tell me i could nt smoke in the house , he thought as he took the ash tray over to a twenty gallon garbage bag laying on the floor in the corner and emptied it .
brad reached over and put his cigarette out in the ash tray and started twirling the ashtray around as he thought about the question .
looking in brads studio we could see his ash tray on his desk full of cigarettes crushed with fingers in a squeezing down motion , not flat .
an ash tray directly in front of me overflowed with reeking cigarette butts .
the carriage jerks from side to side as it makes its way up the cobblestone hill out of the cemetery limits and then out of london altogether as it crawls up the periphery of that massive , squatting city , her putrid maw a black sore upon the countryside that struggles to retain its beauty as london belches black smoke upon its deep green lushness , a soup of coal ash and sulphur poisoning every stray pond it finds .
no potions or saints or silly burning pyres of perfumed ash for us , no purgatory or senseless admissions of guilt .
as the ash grew longer , he flicked it at her .
so when he was to work one day she threw the skull into the ash can , and when old leggett come home and saw the skull missing he swore like the devil and come down to the station to swear out a warrant for his wifes arrest , chargin her with disorderly conduct .
he carried on so that one of the boys got suspicious and went out to the house with him and they found the skull in the ash can , and old leggett began to weep over it .
he asked , the skin of his balding forehead coloring to a mix of crimson and ash .
he sucked on his cigarette and flicked the ash over me .
doreen relaxed and flicked the ash off her cigarette .
made from ash .
he flicked the redundant ash into the ashtray .
he glanced down at the telltale remains of ash on the window sill outside .
after sweeping out the ash , another body could be interned in its place .
gill put her bag on the floor and placed on the stone the plain dagger they had bought in medina sidonia , an ash tray they had ' borrowed ' from the hotel there to use as a makeshift incense burner , the roll of charcoal blocks from the professor 's briefcase and the four different jars of incense from the same source , along with the tarot cards and the papers .
the knives and rings went into gill 's bag , along with the jars of incense and the ash tray - burner .
all i could think about was the strange ash color his skin held .
a skin tone that could only be described as ash .
jims hands went up higher and his ash color paled .
bev looked down at the greasy ash that covered her entire body , i do n't think you or your boss want me in your car .
after that , she took a piece of paper from the desk on which she had put her fingerprints , using the ash from her clothes before she took a shower .
and i made sure to store each one of yours safely within my memory before that ephemeral parchment dissolved into ash .
a small table alongside it held a towel , a small pottery urn of wood ash soap , and a variety of brushes and combs .
its rather ironic , you may have turned me into a lowly human , but i will return to my rightful and superior state while your precious lucas will finally be turned to ash by the one thing he insisted on saving .
holly emptied an ash tray disbursing smells of stale tobacco .
she tapped cigarette ash into an empty coffee cup .
you re dumping radioactive stew in the ganges river in india , shipping incinerator ash full of dioxins to burma where they put it into concrete construction bricks and con has racked up more than $ 50 million in fines and penalties , barb says , mimicking dougs voice and cadence .
that s not good enough , ash .
it happens , ash .
it really is nt kind of you to string people along , ash .
its not even that cold out , ash .
you are making absolutely no sense , ash .
i m not mocking your assertions , ash , aaron told me holding up his hands in a surrendering sort of a gesture .
i am a detective , ash , he rolled his eyes at me as if i had just stated something obvious .
i do realize that , ash , he told me with an eye roll .
cases do nt always get solved , ash .
` ` i do n't like it , ash . ''
it was the smell of fire and ash .
the peak of the fire was lost in a large black cloud of soot and ash .
the buildings across from us exhaled only smoke and ash .
i lay there watching the building burn to ash .
i lay there watching my friend and first love burn to ash .
my face was covered in dirt and ash and blood .
there were collectors , assembling discarded ends of cigarettes , dog dung for tanners , or bits of coal or even sifting through the sewers along the edges of streets or the ash that was collected from homes .
he d passed the worst of the streetscape , where the locals used ridges of fireplace ash to avoid losing their boots in the fermenting human waste , when the artful dodger stopped abruptly .
he tapped his pipe into an ash tray .
mcfergus tapped the ash from his pipe .
the building explodes in fiery plummets of ash and heat .
he blows a thin veil of smoke into the air with a small bathroom paper cup catching the pot ash .
chapter 1 the magnificent ranch house that had often been featured in architectural and home design magazines was reduced to a pile of rubble and ash , with its enormous marble fireplace , charred but still standing , in one corner .
the looks i got on emerging from the first class lavatory on board told me i did it right from the red high heeled shoes and clinging dress , to the shoulder length ash blond curls brushing my shoulders , i look pretty darn stunning and i m sure my quarry wo nt recognize me .
also , next to the sink was an ash tray .
rachels straight brown hair flowered around her ash gray graphic tee shirt .
the first hoodie she picked was a plush ash colored hoodie .
i sat down , and the ash from her cigarette fell in her lap .
wesley finished his cigarette , then held it ungracefully posed in the air , not noticing the bits of ash that were falling off the tip .
more cigar smoke , and he shook off some ash .
so i m to be the hero , he said , his eyes tight and more ash settling on his shoulders , chest hair , and dreams .
the wind picked up , dumping more ash on him , and making him shiver .
you could see a bit of the ash in his hair , and a sad look on his face .
the fire popped - whatever wood i d gotten was one of those popping varieties that shoots embers out at you , as if it did nt want to go quietly into the night as smoke and ash .
sitting in front of a cold ash - pit on lawn chairs were heather and nancy .
one of the guys was covered with ash .
the waters by the shore would have been cleaner if someone had nt scattered a thin film of ash and dirt in the immediate locality .
our new fort was now nothing but a pointy , black trunk and ash .
he flicked his cigarette toward the dirty plate he was using as an ashtray , but fell short and the ash floated down to the carpet .
he used his bare foot to rub the ash into the nap .
any sherlockian clues , like cigarette ash or a strand of hair or a tell - tale footprint ? ''
the burst of energy sent a gray ash feather up the flue .
a leather - clad man at the pool table bent over his cue stick , cigarette dangling between his lips , ash threatening to drop on the green velvet .
as the last page curled into ash , burning paper odor mingled with melting plastic , twila stepped out of the shadows .
he fell lifeless to the floor as my hand grew hot , and in a few seconds , the heart was nothing but ash .
she lighted the pipe again and finished off the small collection of leaves so that all that remained was gray ash .
she had grown up in a low to medium income suburb on the outskirts of a large industrial city whose smoke stacks spewed clouds of vile smelling ash , grit and smoke .
the foxdale jump , the one that most represented foxdale , had been burned to the ground , the intricately - carved fox heads and hunt scene reduced to a pile of charred rubble and ash .
what if i sent you the box of bone and ash you gave me ?
she looked like leftovers after a month in the frig , wearing the same slacks and blouse from last night , the curl in her hair flattened , her eyes puffy and bloodshot , her face the color of ash .
this ash tray is overflowing .
there s no ashtray , i realise , as he taps his cigarette ash onto the photo , waiting for us to absorb the contents .
he s allowed his cigarette to burn out and the ash has made a neat little pile on his lap .
i flicked some ash at him , which made him turn and scamper .
there were empty wine bottles , dirty glasses , and full ash trays everywhere , plus the unmistakable odour of womens perfume , and lots of it .
ian touched her on the arm and she jumped slightly , the ash falling off her cigarette and onto the left arm of ians jacket .
she imagined a fireman on the other side , a smudge of ash across one cheekbone , hair falling over smoldering eyes , bulging biceps ready to swoop her over his shoulder and carry her away .
obviously not , vanderbilt said , dragging on his cigarette then flicking the ash .
go on , mr . morgan , taft said , flicking the ash from his cigar .
she puffed on a cigarette that had a long tendril of ash clinging to its lighted tip .
grey , the hairs prickling on his arms , seized the ash shovel from among the fireplace implements and , scooping up the insect on its blade , jerked open the door and flung the nasty creature as far as he could - which , given his state of mind , was some considerable distance .
cigarette dangling from lip with an ash about to fall off .
the morning sky was a charcoal ash , the color of tombstone .
she lit a cigarette , blew smoke up towards the ceiling , and tapped the ash into an empty coke can .
he had that whole old world , came - over - on - the - mayflower thing going on , what with the receding ash - blond hair , the high cheekbones , the eyes so ice blue she wondered if he was wearing contacts .
maks turned away and watched the fire crackle as cloth turned to ash .
the russian 's eyes started to bulge as blood cells searched for oxygen , the skin metamorphosing through a variety of colors , finally settling on ash white .
he leans forward and taps ash in my plastic cup - full with fizz life , fizzle 's new soda , zero calories and no aspartame .
but when i turn , i see him tapping more ash into the porcelain vase on the end table that a friend of rose 's gifted her from prague .
he shakes his head , taps some ash right on the carpet .
his words , delivered so confidently in what i later realized to be his trademark arrogant demeanor , practically burn my body into a pile of crumbled ash on the spot .
` ` ash will be out in a bit .
we are forever waiting on ash , '' jess said shaking her head playfully .
` ` it 's about time ash , my god !
before i had a chance to analyze what had just happened , jess came around the corner with a couple of beers and guided ash towards the couch where we sat .
i ' m ashton walker or ash , if you prefer .
` ` it 's nice to meet you too , ash , '' evie replied with a smile .
i wanted to argue that he did n't need to get down , or better yet , how much i would like him to go down , but instead i just sat there in a haze and continued to stare at ash .
she turned towards evie and me , ` ` ash here has mastered the art of charming the birds out of the trees and girls right out of their panties .
meg and ash walked a few feet in front of us , lost in their own conversation , while jess gave evie and me the quick rundown on a few of the people that would be at the party .
but he was just a master manipulator , an experienced player , and i immediately knew it would serve my best interests to stay as far away from ash as possible .
meg and ash were nowhere in sight .
i tried to keep myself from looking for ash 's whereabouts , but failed miserably .
however , when the back door opened , and several people shuffled in from the back porch , i realized that when ash was in the same room with me , i would never need to look for him , i could feel his presence .
` ` that 's just ash ... he 's always been that way .
i laughed at the pathetic sight they were and then looked back at ash .
dressed in a striped polo , khaki shorts , and tan deck shoes , he was the image you would find in the dictionary under ` ` all - american male , '' and he was the perfect preppy college boy to help me win tonight 's contest and forget all about ash walker .
` ` i met ash over at their house right before we came here tonight .
i did n't want to talk about ash and his hookups , or ash and me , or anything to do with ash .
i did n't want to talk about ash and his hookups , or ash and me , or anything to do with ash .
i did n't want to talk about ash and his hookups , or ash and me , or anything to do with ash .
as i scanned the room , i found ash sitting in a chair by the fireplace with a guitar in his lap .
i glanced over at dylan hoping he had n't noticed ash paying attention to me , but his eyes were locked on ash .
i glanced over at dylan hoping he had n't noticed ash paying attention to me , but his eyes were locked on ash .
i was an emotional roller coaster from everything i was feeling about ash and dylan , a bit tipsy from several drinks , and was already uncomfortable with the number of strangers in the room .
i debated internally on whether or not to look at ash when i sang .
saying goodbye to dylan was a little awkward with ash standing a few feet away .
if i had thought a dressed ash was breathtaking , than a half - naked one was heart - stopping .
your full name is ashton but the majority of people call you ash .
i never in a million years thought someone who looked like ash would be saying those words to me hours after meeting , much less on my first night of my free life .
there was a full - sized bed that i was surprised to find neatly made with solid grey linens , a large wooden dresser that donned a framed picture of ash with an older couple who i assumed were his parents , and a desk that held his laptop and textbooks .
the next thing i knew , i was lying flat on my back in the center of ash 's bed and he was tickling me relentlessly .
` ` what is it ash ? ''
` ` just say it , ash , '' i demanded .
` ` last night , we went to jess ' house where we met her roommates meg and ash .
you and ash eye - fucked each other up until the point we got to the party , which is where you and i discussed you not getting involved with him .
meanwhile there was ash , who had not just one , but two whore bags that hung all over him and suck faced with him all night .
` ` anyways , so we left the party , you and dylan seemed to part on good terms , and you and ash did n't say another word to one another .
before i went into complete freak out mode , jess convinced me to let her peek into ash 's room just to make sure you were n't in there , which of course , i knew you would n't be ... ` ` so you can imagine my surprise when she told me that you were cozily sleeping , wrapped in ash 's arms . ''
before i went into complete freak out mode , jess convinced me to let her peek into ash 's room just to make sure you were n't in there , which of course , i knew you would n't be ... ` ` so you can imagine my surprise when she told me that you were cozily sleeping , wrapped in ash 's arms . ''
` ` i did n't have sex with ash . ''
` ` i did n't think about ash at all when i was hanging out with dylan , until we came inside and ash starts that shit with the songs .
right now , you need to let your mind rest , stop thinking about it ~ about ash , about dylan , about everything .
this cry was not about ash and dylan ; the events of the previous night were just the proverbial straw , and break me it did .
my brain had been so full of ash and dylan that i had n't even thought about trying to meet anyone else and i could n't imagine throwing another guy in the mix .
as much as my heart yearned for it to be ash , i knew it was best if he did n't contact me again .
for a brief moment , i allowed myself to think about staying at jess ' house last saturday and the memory of sleeping in ash 's bed ~ of how his hands felt on my skin and how his lips melted against mine , but i quickly replaced it with the anticipation of seeing dylan again .
` ` so what are you going to do about ash tonight ? ''
i mean , like i told you before , there is this intense attraction that i feel towards ash .
evie said , interrupting yet another daydream i was having about ash .
and right now , ash is right in that you need to experience a lot more of what life has to offer .
as i got closer , i noticed that standing in between meg and jess was none other than ash .
when i got just a few feet behind them , i overheard ash ask jess , ` ` five ?
i warned you to stay away from her , ash , goddammit .
i ' m sure she thought i was just too nervous to approach ash .
i felt ash staring at me a few times but i did not dare look his way .
kissing dylan was different than kissing ash , i could n't put my finger on how exactly , but it was incredible nonetheless .
i really did n't want to see ash .
i knew i should feel guilty thinking these thoughts about ash as i sat in dylan 's lap , but i did n't .
mostly because i knew that nothing would ever happen between me and ash , that had been made clear more than once .
i followed the mood that ash had set , a cheerful calm , by playing similar songs in style .
shortly after i was done , jess , ash , evie , and i headed back to their house just as we did the week prior ; i assumed meg was already at their house .
it appeared that ash was buried under the pillows , at least i assumed he was because i did n't see him anywhere else .
i chuckled at the thought of ash trying to hit on meg .
i knew that i was playing with fire spending time with ash , but i tried to convince myself that as long as i stayed on the outside , far enough away the flames , i would n't get burned .
chapter 13 ash and i spent the rest of the night , or early hours of the morning rather , sitting in his bed , talking and getting to know one another .
even though dylan and i had shared a similar conversation about our pasts , present , and futures , it seemed so much more personal with ash , perhaps it was the intimacy of looking in each other 's faces and seeing the emotion that accompanied each story or memory that made it feel that way .
when i told ash how weird i thought his choices were , he explained it as if it made perfect sense .
` ` good night , ash . ''
` ` we both know which roles dylan and ash fill ... '' ` ` so all i ' m missing is my bad boy rocker ? ''
during the one night a week that ash and i spent together , we had the best time talking and just hanging out .
evie and i never discussed my nights spent with ash again .
i knew how she felt about the situation , she had made her concerns quite clear , but i also knew how i felt when i was around ash .
he was already suspicious of ash after the way he acted so possessive the first night i had met them both , and even though dylan and i were n't exclusive , at least not that we had discussed , i did n't think he would appreciate the fact that each saturday after spending the evening with him , i went straight to ash 's bed .
her sexual encounters had been about the equivalent of mine since we had been in houston , except for the fact that i slept in bed with ash once a week .
a night that was supposed to be free of ash and dylan .
the longer i watched ash and his date together , the more i thought i was going to vomit .
my eyes wandered over to where ash and his friends had been and i saw that he had noticed my presence .
thinking of how i could make ash even more jealous and bitter , i asked mason how long of a break he had before he had to get ready for his next set .
i leaned my head back on his chest so that i did n't have to make eye contact with him while talking about ash .
i did n't want to spend my time with mason talking about ash , but he obviously was n't going to let it go until he got the story .
it seemed that my request to not be called pet names fell on deaf ears when i talked to both him and ash .
i knew that mason , much like ash , probably hooked up with several different girls a week .
as a matter of fact , with his front man rocker image , he probably put ash to shame .
he 's ... '' ` ` he 's what ash ? ''
` ` you know ash , whatever this is between us , whatever we are , it 's all your doing , '' i hissed .
` ` look ash , you 're the one who told me i needed to experience life ~ to try new things , to meet new people , to learn about myself from my mistakes .
i gave myself a silent pat on the back for standing up to him and not giving in , even if my inner voices were having a knock - down , drag - out over whether i should run back to ash 's arms or continue flirting with trouble inside with mason .
chapter 20 evie and mina had followed ash and i out when he had abducted me .
the night had been such a mixture of emotions with meeting mason and dealing with ash , but while laying on my back on top of that bar , the only thing that mattered was mason , me , and the fact that we both had way too many damn clothes on .
sweet dreams ash ( 8:35 a.m. ) just making sure u made it home safe ash ( 10:07 a.m. ) let me know u r ok ash ( 10:52 a.m. ) scarlett , i ' m getting worried .
sweet dreams ash ( 8:35 a.m. ) just making sure u made it home safe ash ( 10:07 a.m. ) let me know u r ok ash ( 10:52 a.m. ) scarlett , i ' m getting worried .
i opened the door and marched out still just in my tank top and panties only to see evie and ash sitting at the small table , drinking coffee .
i asked ash once the shock wore off .
` ` ash , rat , dylan ... tell me what 's going on with all of them ! ''
but it is not even close to the way i feel when mason or ash touches me , it 's not even in the same universe . ''
damn , that reminded me that i had told ash earlier that i would see him later that night , but i would n't .
then i realized that it would be the first saturday night in over two months that i would n't be sleeping in ash 's bed , and a wave of disappointment washed over me .
i told her about how i had purposely tried to make ash jealous and how mason had known .
` ` so do you feel different when you kiss ash and when you kiss mason ? ''
` ` now tell me what i do n't already know about your precious ash , other than how proud i was of you for telling him ' no ' earlier . ''
without hesitation , i answered , ` ` when ash and i are together , he makes me feel cherished and coveted , like i ' m the most treasured thing on the earth .
well , other than ash obviously , since he knows about the other two .
i had obviously been wrong in ever thinking that ash was my soulmate , if i even believed in that sort of thing .
i figured it was best not to mention that ash and i had been learning them together over the past several weeks .
every so often , an image of ash or mason would float by , only adding to my confusion .
me ( 12:47 am ) : out with max ash ( 12:51 am ) : so you 're alone ?
me ( 12:52 am ) : yep , getting ready for bed ash ( 12:55 am ) : i ' m not going to be able to sleep without you tonight .
i had no idea what to think about ash showing up at my door , but one thing was for sure - this was by far the strangest night of my life .
i had gone from making out with and giving a blowjob to mason on friday night , to kissing ash later that same night , to spending saturday afternoon and evening on a date and making out with dylan , to spending the night with ash in my bed saturday night .
i had gone from making out with and giving a blowjob to mason on friday night , to kissing ash later that same night , to spending saturday afternoon and evening on a date and making out with dylan , to spending the night with ash in my bed saturday night .
i nodded , knowing that she wished i would stay as far away from ash as possible .
when i woke up monday morning , i had a text from ash waiting for me , wishing me a good morning and telling me that he had finally got the timing down for a song he had been working on .
and that , ladies and gentlemen , was the problem in its simplest form ... all my thoughts ultimately ended with ash .
fridays were usually the worst day of the week for me anyways because that was always day six of not seeing either ash or dylan .
and then of course there were my late nights with ash and sleeping snugly in his arms until early the following afternoon .
` ` up next is ash walker , '' the announcer guy said into the microphone as the bar patrons all clapped enthusiastically at his introduction .
i closed my eyes and took myself back to ash 's room and pictured us sitting on his bed and tried to relax .
the night before with mason had been just about perfect , minus the ash hiccup .
dylan knew how i felt about ash because he felt the same way about jillian .
i had n't heard from ash since i walked off the stage and practically out the door of the bar .
ash ( 8:03 pm ) i 'll be there at 9 me ( 8 : o4 pm ) k , see you then pleased with myself for rectifying my lonely night and having the self - confidence to ask ash to come and pick me up , i skipped to my closet to find something to wear .
an hour later i opened the door to find ash wearing almost the exact outfit that i had on : worn out jeans , a navy blue t - shirt ( mine was a bit more fitted than his ) , and brown flip flops .
` ` i guess i need to change , '' i said , turning around and heading back into the room with ash following close behind .
i could smell his unique ash scent and could n't wait to snuggle up in it later that night .
i can go hang out at a party and watch a bunch of girls throw themselves at ash without even dylan there to distract me , or i could go spend the entire evening at ash 's house , just the two of us .
i immediately thought back to the first night i had met ash and ended up spending the night in his bed , that night we had unknowingly began our string of saturday night sleepovers , and the night that he had called me psyche .
in the future when i looked at that picture , i would be reminded of not only the mystical fairy tale that i continued to hope for myself , but the private moments that ash and i spent in his room .
i craved his touch ; the orgasmic release that he brought me to over and over again allowed me to temporarily forget about the emptiness in my heart that only the love of ash walker could fill .
mason knew how i felt about ash , i had been forthcoming with him from the beginning .
i found ash and meg sitting at the table , each holding a cup of coffee , but neither drinking it .
i pulled my head out of his chest and looked up at him , but stayed snuggled against ash 's warm body .
in addition to a few of evie 's extended family members , jess was there with jacob , nicholas , vicki , meg , and ash .
i walked into the house and noticed that neither jess nor ash was in the living room or kitchen .
` ` jess is at jacob 's and ash is in his room . ''
i was n't sure if it was my voice or the sound of the small suitcase hitting the hardwood that alerted them to my presence , but as soon as they saw me standing in the door , the blonde dove for an article of clothing and ash 's horrified eyes locked onto mine .
i did n't even turn around to utter the last words i would ever say to the guy that i loved , ` ` i would have gone to hell and back for you , ash .
not like ash .
look , i am hopelessly in love with you , but i know that you love ash ... and sometimes that 's just the way things work out .
i knew that i loved ash , but i was so angry at him .
i was angry and hurt by ash .
i was so much worse than ash .
i could n't stay another night in the dorm without evie , and i sure the hell was n't calling ash .
well , i had assumed that ash 's messages were similar to the others because i refused to listen to them and deleted them before i changed my mind .
if i had thought i was prepared to see ash again , i was wrong .
my heart had stopped when i first saw ash , but the sight of mason had made it beat double - time .
he always stood when he performed which reminded me of just another way he was so different from ash .
unrequited love was basically just infatuation , and that was exactly what i had with ash for so long .
other than the times that ash and i had spent locked away from the real world , our relationship was tumultuous and filled with drama .
and despite all that , i had allowed my infatuation and fascination with ash , someone who could never give me what i deserved , to get in the way of that .
after i sang the words of the last verse , ` ` it 's way too late for dignity , it 's time for apologies , '' i assumed both ash and mason understood my intentions .
epilogue ash eight months .
i thought about glancing over at where ash was just to see the expression on his face , but i did n't .
my daily reminder of ash walker .
i knew he must know that it was somehow related to ash since ash had the same design on his forearm and had apparently become a regular at the warehouse .
i did n't want mason to worry about any lingering feelings i had for ash , even though i could n't honestly say i was completely over ash .
i did n't want mason to worry about any lingering feelings i had for ash , even though i could n't honestly say i was completely over ash .
it was as if mason had known ash would be there at that exact moment .
seconds later , mina had flanked me on the right and her fierce glare was fixed on ash as well .
i followed ash through the bar area towards the door , weaving in and out of people and tables .
` ` there 's really no reason for you to be sorry , ash .
to tell you the truth ash , i ' m really just sorry that i ever met you . ''
after the ash conversation and max calling me ' sam , ' i just checked out ~ i had learned with evie 's death how to allow the numbness to take over .
even if ash would always have a little piece of my heart , he would never have a piece of my body .
i had n't gotten a good chance to look at him or talk to him at empty 's last saturday with all of the ash drama .
the way i felt with max was so different than being with mason or ash .
my heart began to pound and my palms got clammy as images of ash and the sound of his voice overwhelmed me .
` ` what do you think , ash ? ''
` ` see , that 's the thing , ash .
i tried ... lord knows i tried , but my thoughts kept drifting back to ash .
no matter what connection my heart felt with ash , i knew that mason was the better guy for me .
lingering thoughts of the book characters , trey and ethan , morphed into ash and mason in my head , and i wished that real life could be as easy as it was in the books .
i thought about seeing ash in the store followed by the dream and felt a little guilty .
` ` i saw ash today , '' she replied , refusing to look at me in the face .
i honestly was n't sure if our relationship could survive me in austin with bentley and her in houston with ash ; something or someone was bound to try and tear us apart , but i was n't giving her up easily .
i thought he handled the ash conversation pretty well , but what he could he really say after what had happened with bentley ?
i wondered who in the world i could get to tutor me for this , and immediately i thought of ash .
however , calling ash was n't a viable option .
once we were settled and ready to overindulge in empty calories and self - gossip , i blurted out , ` ` i saw ash .
i proceeded to relive the previous day 's events to him from the butterfly landing on my leg to the time ash left the music store .
no matter what i feel for ash , i ca n't forget that he never made me first .
with everything that had happened in the day , i had completely forgotten about the package ash had left on my car .
` ` be careful , ash .
` ` like i said this morning ash , be careful , '' jess warned .
` ` well , i like her and want her to stay , so i 'll help keep her here ash , '' meg chimed in , as she folded her long , dangly legs underneath her .
` ` i do n't know what i ' m doing ash .
i looked back at ash , and he had a silly grin on his face and chuckled .
` ` mommy says we need to be really nice to you 'cause you 're special to uncle ash , '' oscar said proudly .
` ` one for you and ash , i ' ve got ours .
however , i was not prepared to see how amazing ash was with the boys .
i nodded and thanked her again for having me before following ash up the stairs .
` ` you do n't have to do that , ash .
i took a quick shower and got dressed for bed so that ash could do the same .
and pharell ) scarlett i honestly was n't sure what reaction i expected from ash when i told him about max .
i groaned and went to roll over only to find my legs completely tangled in ash 's and his arms still tightly around my waist .
i was at the bar with ash .
chapter sixteen reconnecting come undone ~ my darkest days collide ( acoustic version ) ~ howie day nothing ~ the script scarlett telling ash everything from the first time i met bentley up until the time i called him to come and get me was like lifting a huge weight off of my shoulders .
the following day , after breakfast with the entire family before they left for school and work , ash and i made the hour long drive to the park .
` ` i ' m so sorry , ash , '' i said as i leaned over and rubbed his arm .
mason the night that i got back to austin after finding out that scarlett had left with ash , i was a f**king wreck .
we were all extremely emotional due to the nature of the day , i thanked them and then followed ash back to his room .
she told me that i could bring ash with me if i wanted to , which really caught me off guard , but then i realized that she knew i was with him from his phone call to her before we left .
` ` and you called ash ? ''
` ` what happened with you and ash ? ''
` ` god , you sound like ash . ''
i tried not to think about it much , and being with max and ash helped , but it was really hard at night .
i slipped away and called ash , asking ... no , begging him to play an acoustic set at the wedding .
mina and noah were thrilled with the idea of ash performing , and the mood of the entire wedding party calmed immensely after that issue had been taken care of .
i sat with ash during the beautiful , flawless ceremony , and i could tell he was nervous about the reception by the way he kept running his fingers through his hair and popping his knuckles .
the lyrics to not only the first song ash sang , but every song thereafter , dug deeper and deeper into my heart .
i thought you left me for ash , and i was hurting and i felt empty and i just wanted to lose myself . ''
i still was n't sure how she ended up with ash after max or where she had gone ... it really did n't matter anymore anyways .
chapter twenty fate will find a way i ca n't not love you ~ every avenue kiss me ~ ed sheeran all my heart ~ sleeping with sirens scarlett i rode back to the apartment with max and ash followed us in his car .
` ` well you need to get your thoughts together before we get home because ash is gon na want some answers . ''
` ` it 's okay ash .
fate had determined this inevitable long before i knew who ash walker was .
sex with ash was nothing short of spectacular .
before i knew it , the week of christmas was upon us and i was very excited because i was spending it with ash 's family .
but just like everything else with ash and i , his saying i love you happened exactly it was supposed to , exactly the way it was supposed to .
just before we were going to sit down for dinner , i heard my phone ringing back in ash 's room so i hurried back there to answer it .
once ash and i had gotten together , i realized that he truly was the other half of my soul , and the undying , eternal love that we shared was the key to my happiness .
there were two things i knew for sure : one , the love i had found with ash was a timeless , eternal love that only came along once in a lifetime .
i had up and left ash and his family on christmas day for my ex - boyfriend who had overdosed , and even though he seemed okay with it at the time , i was sure that discussions would ensue when i returned .
i still had a long way to go to get to that point , but i had finally realized that not ash , mason , nor max ... no anyone else could do that for me .
hearing ash 's name , i sat up instantly and looked around trying to get my bearings .
as my fingers slid through the short locks , it was then that i realized that it was n't ash in bed with me .
my body was shaking with panic ; i could only imagine what ash had thought when mason answered my phone so early in the morning .
even ash could n't help but laugh at the irony of the name .
even though it gutted me to leave mason so soon , i needed to reassure ash that he was who i was in love with and wanted to be with ; there was no way i was arguing with him .
thirty minutes later i was standing in the extravagant lobby , my bag at my feet , waiting for ash to get there .
scarlett from the time ash had picked me up at the hotel , he had not stopped touching me .
it was time to show ash walker that he was who i wanted in my life .
` ` i never want to be without you , ash , especially not tonight . ''
i always knew that ash had some sort of hold on her , but i had truly believed that our love was true and we could overcome that .
i did n't think that ash noticed anything wrong or off , but each time my mind began to wander , i would curl up into ash and kiss him to remind me of why i 'd made the decision i had .
i did n't think that ash noticed anything wrong or off , but each time my mind began to wander , i would curl up into ash and kiss him to remind me of why i 'd made the decision i had .
i quickly lost myself in the task at hand , cracking open eggs and frying up bacon , while i tried to stay somewhat quiet as ash and max continued to sleep .
i had to figure out a way to get over mase , and focus on ash .
i knew from the moment i laid eyes on ash that he was destined to be in my life .
i looked back and forth between ash and max 's smiling faces and felt grateful to be sitting there with them after everything that had happened .
finally max stood up , looked at ash , and asked , ` ` is it too early to kill people ? ''
i sat my kindle down on the couch and excused myself to take a shower , giving ash a quick kiss before leaving the room .
unfortunately , those thoughts normally ended up with me envisioning her lying in ash 's arms which sent a surge of pure envy through me .
the entire drive to the center i toyed with whether or not i should call ash and tell him where i was going .
plopping myself into the driver 's seat , i leaned my head on the steering wheel and wondered to myself what in the world i was going to tell ash .
chapter eight i got you ~ jack johnson secret ~ maroon five ash life was good .
i want you to be happy , and if ash makes you happy , i ' m okay with that .
` ` i ' m guessing you have n't told ash . ''
` ` i know you mean well , but you have to think about ash and how all of this will make him feel .
` ` look , i understand that you feel you have to save him , that you feel like this is at least partially your fault , but do n't ruin things with ash over this .
` ` careful mase , before you know it , i 'll be kicking your ass as well as ash and max 's . ''
as soon as ash and max 's names crossed my lips , i instantly regretted it .
chapter ten where did you sleep last night ~ nirvana by your side ~ tenth avenue north ash on that thursday afternoon , i went home to grab a bite to eat in between my classes and working in the lab .
i could feel the color draining from my face as ash appeared from around the corner .
` ` it 's absolutely gorgeous , ash , '' she whispered in her sweet little voice .
plus , if i found out that he knew about what ash had done , i was going to be livid with him as well .
i knew by the clean scent of the cologne that it was ash , and instead of jerking away from him , i let him embrace me .
naturally , i turned around to see what or who it was , and immediately my eyes found scarlett walking through the front door ... followed by ash .
i was a little confused because scarlett never mentioned coming up to the bar anymore , and i could n't imagine that ash liked to hang out there much .
neither of us said anything else , we went back inside the bar and each went our separate ways ~ her to the table with ash , mina , max and the rest of 32 leaves while i went to find and check on andi .
i kissed ash before joining the rest of the band , waiting for noah to introduce me .
i knew that ash and max were watching me , and that combined with the liquor that i had just consumed , had my face burning .
chapter seventeen beneath your beautiful ~ labrinth ( feat emeli sandi ) it wo n't stop ~ sevyn streeter ( feat chris brown ) ash i should ' ve gotten some kind of f**king award for sitting there listening to him sing to her .
scarlett i was having brunch with ash and his mom when the goodbye texts from mase came through on my phone .
i told him that i loved mason , and would always have a special place in my heart , but he was my past and ash was my future .
mase and i would continue to be friends ; i had told him that i would be there for him if he ever needed me , but i would never do anything to jeopardize my relationship with ash , and he knew that .
` ` i love you , ash walker , and i ca n't wait to be the best us for the rest of our lives . ''
` ` good morning , ash .
when the taxi dropped us off in the parking lot of the apartment complex , ash and i kind of stood there a minute just looking at each other .
completely exhausted from the day 's activities and the stress that had built up prior to the move , ash and i both showered and passed out before nine o'clock that night .
i had never been to vegas before , and i really wanted to see his very first show on the tour ... now i just had to convince ash to go .
chapter twenty one seabreeze ~ tyrone wells i ca n't stop ~ flux pavilion ash ` ` ash , wake up !
` ` i love you , too , ash .
before i left my room , i sent ash a quick text letting him know that i had made it safely .
i only wish that ash could ' ve been there too .
where 's ash '' i asked frantically .
where is ash ? ''
` ` ash is dead , '' i blurted out .
max introduced himself and andi , and then explained that they were in vegas with me and were also good friends of ash .
i had never met his dad before , and not surprisingly , he looked just like ash but dressed in expensive clothes .
i had n't even called them to tell them what happened and that i was home ; as far as they were concerned , i was still playing house with ash and lost in my music that would get me nowhere ...
she had told me that all of ash and my stuff was in a storage unit and would stay right there until i was ready to go through it .
i still thought about ash every day , and i missed him terribly .
i had thought that i was getting closer to that , but losing ash , and subsequently mase , caused a serious setback and forced me to realize that i still defined who i was by their existence .
it 's got me all stirred up emotionally , and i ' m really missing both ash and mase , as well as you ... you know i ' m always missing you .
even though no one or nothing could ever replace evie and ash , i was gifted two beautiful souls that taught me about even a different kind of love than i had already experienced .
the sky outside was black with smoke , gray ash falling like desecrated snow .
the scene cut to the fire chief , his face covered in soot and ash .
the ash from her burnt home falling on his head , her voice calling his name .
it was hard to see , the fire 's smoke blocking out the sunshine and filling the air with ash .
pools of pine needles lay around her and her face was covered in dirt and ash .
her lips were white against the ash on her face , her dark hair tangled and filled with needles and branches .
andrew and ray did n't look much better , covered in ash and debris themselves .
tears of joy from the townspeople mixed with the ash still raining from the sky .
the world was made of ash .
ray said he had to get away , that he could n't watch as the life he had built over the past twenty years turned to ash and dust .
the western half of town was nothing but ash after the fire raged for over three weeks .
andrew 's and luke 's homes were nothing but ash .
he asked softly as he brushed some ash out of my hair .
` ` i mean , the ash look really does become you . ''
she flicked ash off of the end of her cigarette .
` ` someone needs to call ash , '' greg rumbles from where he and melissa have taken a seat across from us .
` ` ash is luckily about forty - five minutes outside of atlanta .
i feel dee gasp when she realizes just who ash is .
` ` it 's bad , ash .
and just like that , ash 's legs lose the power to hold him up , and i grab on as he unleashes his grief .
` ` hey , let me get ash and let him go with you ?
` ` calm down , ash .
he flicked some ash from the end of the cigarette .
i knew trish well enough to know that it was n't mere jealousy that was making her look at stryker as if she wanted to reduce him to a pile of ash , like a vampire in the sunlight .
he did n't look at me , flicking the filter of his cigarette with his thumb so a chunk of ash fell between his feet .
` ` winds are gusting and severely hampering all efforts of the firefighters to stop this fire from spreading , '' the scene cut to the fire chief , his face covered in soot and ash .
the ash from her burned home falling on his head , her voice calling his name .
pools of pine needles lay around her , her face covered in dirt and ash .
andrew and ray did n't look much better , covered in ash and soot .
tears of joy mixed with the ash still raining from the sky .
andrew and luke 's homes were nothing but ash .
then those eyes did a full body scan of the wonderment that was me in hangover mode , and i watched the corners of his lips curl up in a lazy grin so hot it was a wonder i was n't already a pile of ash on the floor .
i chuckled , remembering the first day i 'd met him , opening the door and seeing that exact same look and fearing i 'd burn to a pile of ash on the floor .
since my own bed was nothing but ash and soot , i suppose the hospital bed was even more appealing than it had been before .
his dark eyes gleamed in excitement when i asked for something kicky but still respectable , what i got was my normally ash blond with a shadow of chestnut brown underneath .
they were two parts of the whole and at times i thought one was going to smother the other and there would be nothing left but ash and bad memories .
teeny glared at me like she could single - handedly turn me into a pile of ash .
` ` you should take your own advice , '' i tell her in a low voice , flicking a piece of ash out of her hair and it lands on her arm .
` ` i ' m a lot different than you , nova , '' she says , dusting the ash off her skin .
i ' m trying to decide if i want it - the connection - when someone in the crowd shouts something profane at us and it 's followed by whistling , and the moment scorches into ash and separates into pieces .
i feel my heart crumbling , turning to ash .
it made all my reservations about him blowtorch into ash .
he asks as i graze my thumb over the end of the cigarette and scatter ash across the snow .
he would always chew me out , though , for getting ash in his truck and stinking up the upholstery .
this whole time violetta had been watching me with her mouth slightly open , forgetting her cigarette existed , the ash piling up on the end .
it seemed i could let go and just float to the ground like ash .
soon , my will to resist will be ash in the wind .
no scene , no imagined reality of her own infancy , would be complete without a picture of her mom with an inch - long ash hanging off a cigarette dangling over josie 's head , her little baby form in her mother 's arms .
then he brings the small flame to the corner of the paper , and i watch , solemnly , as the paper curls into the orange light , turning black and becoming ash in my brother 's hand .
then he dusts off the tiny bit of ash in his hands .
i did n't want hope to bud , bloom then die an early death , turning to ash .
he threw it in the fireplace and watched it burn to ash .
and i hated knowing it was long since discarded ash .
i did n't say anything , ash and bruno were so easy , i thought ... '' he stopped , closed his eyes , sucked in an audible breath , opened his eyes and went on .
they 'd forced hawk out of the bay and to the waiting room where meredith and bax were waiting with ash and bruno .
gwen , her belly slightly rounded with bruno ( but she was still in spiked heels ) , wandering the monstrosity while hawk , ash at his hip , and the real estate agent watched .
tracy because she was cradling a sleeping ash , elvira because she was doing the same with bruno .
i jerked down and my lungs turned to ash , i struggled for breath as i heard a harley roar , and i pressed against the cement at the side of the steps , my eyes glued to the forecourt so i could see them as they drove by , shy on his bike , the woman pressed to his back .
her ash blonde hair was cut blunt , her skin was pale under her tan , she had some bruising and swelling on the left side of her face , there were a bunch of tubes sticking in her and her eyes were dead .
standing still , barely breathing in case it was all a dream , i burst into life as everything filthy and tainted in my mind erupted into flames and dissolved into ash .
my thoughts were dust and ash .
it tasted heavenly - rich , buttery , but it could ' ve been ash for how much i wanted it .
my will to live turned to black ash , sifting from my pours like dirty rain .
` ` hey , ash , sorry i ' m late . ''
i ' m sorry , ash .
they made their way to the compound , which was just a pile of ash .
he flicked ash in the ash tray and continued to stare at her cunt .
he flicked ash in the ash tray and continued to stare at her cunt .
he would n't be satisfied until all of them were f**king dead and he was burning their bodies to piles of ash .
but that hope turned to ash and dust when my caseworker stopped by yesterday .
his smile withered and turned into ash on his lips .
i kind of set fire to your relationship with your mother- '' ` ` our relationship was ash long before you entered the picture , '' jacob cut in , his attention on his brother .
he flicked the ash from his cigarette onto the pavement instead of using the bucket of sand at his feet .
he slumps face - first over the table , his gelled head landing in an ash tray .
i did n't stab the cherry out when i pressed the blunt into the ash tray , so i take another quick hit and nod as smoke pours out my nostrils .
and just as i m falling into the moment and into him , he nestles my neck and says , you feel amazing , ash .
i m weak and destructive , and if i do nt want to destroy yet another person , i need to stop this shit with ash too .
you can put your cigar in the ash tray right over there .
put about ten drops of sodium carbonate in each of the three wells of row a , the same amount of soda ash in three wells of row b , point two five milliliters of sodium oxylate in row c and point one milliliters of chromium potassium oxide in row d. liza reached for the labeled beakers without comment .
she moved around the room , automatically picking up empty beer cans and emptying the ash tray .
his whole head became light ash and crumbled in on itself .
the mans body collapsed and blood from the hole in his neck pooled in the flimsy ash that was once his skull .
they were dark and dirty like cigarette ash .
the beasts exploded into black ash .
when the very last soul left , the false angel evaporated into ash , nothing more than a black stain and burnt red feathers .
after belials death , the demons had retreated back to hell and all the corpses disintegrated into ash as soon as they left .
it was probably some sort of ancient volcanic ash .
saundra said forcefully , using a twig to pick a piece of ash out of the pot .
well , ill ash him before he has the chance .
if i defended you and lost , i would truly meet the ash from kleins hand .
i ca nt even begin to say how he killed the clone ; i just know that whatever was there is now just blood and ash .
your flesh is ash .
they were still dressed in black and were spattered with something that looked like ash .
i had some of the ash on me .
he was nt covered in ash so it must ve been humans .
as i watched helplessly , she turned to ash and blew away into a firestorm .
the demon twitched for a second before turning to ash .
dec had evidently destroyed his demon because it was gone and dec was covered in ash .
a split second after hitting the floor , the demon exploded in a cloud of ash .
she was also liberally dusted with demon ash and it was already starting to burn .
while flatly refusing to give me any gory details , killian explained that xarchi had been particularly helpful before he was sent back to hell in a cloud of ash .
looking back to the table , she expected the book to be ash , but what she saw was the book unharmed in the flames .
all that remained now was burnt corpses holding each other through the flying ash on the darkened ground .
fires two counties over had dumped ash and haze our way for days now , until it had begun to feel more like a nuisance than a real threat .
i coughed , choking on ash as i ran .
the air was hot and the ash stung our eyes .
chapped and smudged and ash - stained , nikki was still the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen .
she washed them gently with soap , running her fingers between each of his , taking her time , caressing the tops of his hand and stroking his palms until every sign of ash was gone .
he gently turned the jar upside down and watched the ash disappear into the wind .
a cigarette with a long ash hung out the side of his mouth .
dust and ash flew out , followed by the old man chattering loudly in protest .
she opened the door and the smell of thousands of cooking fires and volcanic ash hit her hard .
she asked , watching the end of claires cigarette where the ash was threatening to fall onto the table .
the ash finally plopped onto the table .
so then , if history was to repeat itself , she said , scraping the ash into an ashtray with her hand , as it seems to do here in africa every twenty years or so , it was time for the tutsi to turn around and do unto others as others have done unto them .
cholera , volcano ash , refugee smoke and refugee dust flavored with human waste .
i m just ash and stone .
the eruption was catastrophic , but so swift that while it toppled and buried the town , it also literally froze some of the homes , animals , and people just as they were under an enormous amount of volcanic ash .
jan led trevor past the two tables that were always chained up outside and into the shop , just as the wind kicked up the ash from a large over flowing ashtray that sat on one of the tables , causing it to swirl around like a grey , grimy mist .
if you want to snag any towels or ash trays , let me know in advance , all right ?
black streaks of ash covered his face , his green eyes were hidden with sunglasses .
the fire was hot enough i could n't stare directly into the flames , but that meant there would be only ash left of him .
once dawn broke the bodies would burn away , all evidence of their existence would disappear into a pile of ash .
ironically the ash drifted by in a slow dance .
as i shut the curtain , i heard ash plop down on the countertop of the vanity .
` ` ash has lost all self control .
` ` next time , i 'll stay with aria , and you can deal with ash , '' gear griped , his eyes narrowing at jay .
then ash .
jay growled at ash , but she walked away , dragging me behind her as the sparks flew between the sweet southern girl and my dissolving brother .
i got ready , wearing the ensemble that aster and ash had laid out for me .
jay could n't resist getting the last word in as he laughed at ash who was still picking up pieces of the biscuit off the floor .
everyone seemed to glance toward ash for some odd reason .
i felt better in them than the clothes ash and aster made me wear anyway .
i watched as the man turned to solid ash , and a loud boom erupted through the forest .
it was then i was thankful for aster and ash 's thoroughness with the waterproof makeup .
so what was ash , gear , and jay ?
thank goodness for ash and aster .
it was ash mostly .
he was still adjusting to the new acceptance , and seeing ash here and there would eventually wear him down .
i called ash who was all too excited to come help me out with getting ready for my big night out .
and ash is truly struggling in pain while he fights the emotions that even someone as old as he has difficulty understanding .
i 'll just ask ash .
i snuck downstairs , weaving through the people who never seemed to go home , and found ash 's purse .
then he ran up , grabbed the new guy 's arm , and it exploded into ash .
i sighed in relief when i saw ash was there .
that 's so not fair at all , '' ash groaned .
jaslene rolled her eyes at ash .
her normally perfect visage was covered in ash , dirt , and a little bit of blood .
the black scales turned to ash and mixed in with the sand .
an ash floated down on the air , landing on the ground beneath her feet .
wealthy , privileged , the product of too much money and too little responsibility , ash lancaster routinely pretends he s someone else so hell be valued for more than his bank accounts .
two years later , the threat is gone and ash returns , determined to win back the woman he s never forgotten and even more determined to get her to admit what she s been hiding .
the lawn was scarred with muddy trails , half the shrubs were broken , and it looked as if someone had actually tipped the ash out of the garden incinerator and raked it all over the lawn .
i was tired , and not just from the effects of a trans - atlantic flight , i was tired from ten years of struggling alone ; from the boredom and repetition of endlessly hauling ash , changing nappies , buttering soldiers , boiling eggs , counting centimes , working nights , attempting to cook over a wood - fuelled stove , having no running hot water , and making sure it all seemed like a laugh to the boys .
because ash has high standards and when he learns the truth about me , hell join the long list of people in my life pretending i do nt exist .
during my three years doing a bachelor 's degree in physiotherapy at melbourne uni , i 'd never met a single guy i 'd drool over the way dani did with ash .
all that remained was a light dusting of ash on the grass and the stick that i had used to kill him .
standing up , he began to walk around the room , his cigar ash gently wafting over to the nearest ash tray as he moved .
standing up , he began to walk around the room , his cigar ash gently wafting over to the nearest ash tray as he moved .
fritz stopped walking long enough to tap some ash off his cigar onto the top of my head .
and then an ash gray hand fell to one side and dangled there .
watched until it was just a pile of ash .
we did n't see ash , did n't speak to anyone .
he greeted his brother , ash , but his tone became gruff and then he must have walked further away because i could n't hear him anymore .
` ` you met ash . ''
maybe one of those phone calls had changed his mind , or maybe something ash had said did the trick .
mind you , everyone gets along with ash . ''
there was no sign of ash or anyone else .
i know he 's your brother , ash , but that blinds you to the fact that he 's changed . ''
i eyed ash and becky , hoping to convey the message that they should let the matter drop .
i recognized the other students from her art class , and a couple of guys who looked like reece and ash .
i went in search of ash and found him standing with a guy with shoulders like bricks .
he walked off and i was left standing there with ash , wondering what the hell he was talking about .
` ` ash is okay , i 'll give you that .
i made sure to the watch mr . drakes name until it was completely curled , turning into black ash .
putting my hands on the range , i watched the black ash on the stove that had caused so much pain for me .
we have planted bombs in buildings all over this island , so if you try to test how serious we are , we will detonate them all at once and manhattan will turn into a very big pile of ash in a split second .
and then , all of a sudden , right in front of her eyes , this building was shaken by a few simultaneous explosions and within a couple of minutes collapsed like a house of cards , giving out a huge cloud of smoke and ash .
the cloud of smoke that rose from the ground grew bigger and bigger , sucking in ash and debris from the ruined skyscraper .
then someone will chop me down and burn me and the ash will serve as fertilizer for some crops that will then get eaten by animals , then by people and ill return to human shape .
stallion of ash and flame a man - stallion of ash and flame on a mission to save his worlds earth portal must save his mate , a human woman forbidden to him .
stallion of ash and flame a man - stallion of ash and flame on a mission to save his worlds earth portal must save his mate , a human woman forbidden to him .
these mannerisms were punctuated by the almost incessant slow action , of cutting the tobacco , filling the pipe , and knocking ash out of the pipe .
how can i pull them free before nothing remains of my arms but ash ?
the air around me is heavy and the sky is dark , showing what at first i think is snow around me , but as my hand reaches for a flake , i realize it is not snow at all , but ash .
at first i think it is the ash from the volcano eclipsing the sky , by as anthony looks up , the sky is covered in shadows all moving quickly .
i rasp and for the first time , notice he has traces of ash on his face as well .
i see anthony smile , but then the scene changes and the sky is gray , thick with what i now realize is smoke as ash falls all around us .
once again i am plunged into the erupting world of an exploding volcano , but this time , as my eyes search for my children and andrew , not only do i see the falling ash , but i see the sky above my house filled with descending demons .
through the rising fireball as the ash falling around us hits the ground , the demons reform , lying prostrate on the ground , but their wings are now tiny and can not be used for flight .
they begin pulling them in while others wait for the rest of the ash to form .
lance leaned close to her ear and whispered , ` ` do n't worry , ash .
he called her ash .
` ` kiss me , ash . ''
` ` you know i want that too , ash .
he was so close that ben could smell the cigarette ash on his breath .
i saw the black mist that had shown up at my wedding appear right behind rick and without any movement other than the mist , i watched as rick burst into flames and ash fell to the ground in the spot he d stood .
his mouth had gone dry and the back of his throat tasted of ash .
when joshs hulking body was turned to ash , arianna felt desmond at her side .
as she walked down the wet gravel of the driveway she opened the urn , and she let the ash slowly swirl out of the vessel as she walked .
a red ridge of fire rimmed the edges and consumed the whole thing with a zip sound , until there was nothing but pieces of ash floating to the ground .
she plummeted to the earth , trailing acrid smoke and ash as she disintegrated .
then his body disintegrated into embers , falling into a pile of ash half the height of the man .
but the chick on the porch had retrieved another shotgun - a sawed - off one this time - and was lifting it to aim ... lindsay darted through the opening in the fence , dodging flying bodies and barreling through ash piles .
she dropped to her knees in an exploding cloud of ash , the vampire disintegrating from the fatal shot .
his brother flicked the ash and seemed to contemplate his words .
` ` and white ash . ''
a picture of her mother and ken rested on the television and a small figurine of a harbor seal made of ash from the 1980 mount saint helens eruption was propped against a sue grafton mystery in one of the built - in bookcases .
even after i suck down two bottles of water and have finally settled in bed , i ca n't get the taste of ash from my mouth .
the ash from the burning bodies .
the ash and the blood .
the night that had crushed my heart into ash .
she learned that out of all of his brothers , he was the closest to ash who ran the oceanix resort in charleston .
` ` i 'll call ash on my way and cancel it . ''
he was pretty sure ash was n't joking .
if she let it go , she 'd internally combust and be nothing but a pile of ash .
chapter one ash mcintyre stood on the concrete walkway of bryant park , hands stuffed into his slacks pockets as he breathed in the spring air .
gabe , mia , jace and bethany , but especially gabe and jace , would deny that ash was on the periphery now .
but it left ash out of the loop .
it sounded asinine that ash would n't know how to function outside a threesome relationship , but there it was .
there were no shortage of women who 'd be more than willing to give ash what he needed or wanted .
but to a man like ash , that piece of jewelry meant something more than just an accessory .
` ` my name is ash . ''
` ` but nobody owns me , ash . ''
what would jace think if he knew that ash was basically stalking josie ?
the report only spanned a few days , since it had only been since then that ash had met josie and immediately requested the information .
looking at the three of them , gabe , jace and ash , people assumed ash was the easygoing one .
` ` not now , '' ash ground out .
well , it was n't as if jace and ash were married , but jace would be .
a few moments later , the waitress returned with ash 's drink and he held it up to his two friends .
jace lifted an eyebrow in ash 's direction .
` ` that 's because you have ash to remind you , '' gabe shot back .
several drinks later , gabe kept checking his watch and it amused ash .
gabe tipped his glass in ash 's direction and jace winced .
gabe rolled his eyes and ash chuckled .
then gabe sobered and stared between jace and ash .
` ` speaking of running the ship , '' ash cut in before everyone rose to go their separate ways .
but with the scramble to replace those investors , neither jace nor ash had asked questions .
it did n't wash with ash either , but gabe 's face was implacable .
they pulled up to ash 's building , and ash was relieved that jace had n't had time to pry into his head .
just like ash would do to him if he sensed something off about jace .
but i do n't want things to change , ash .
it was worth far more than josie had pawned it for , and the pawnbroker knew it , judging by the price it had cost ash to get it back .
never mind that in ash 's digging , he 'd found a hell of a lot of skeletons in robert hanover 's closet .
anger flashed in brittany 's eyes as she stared back at ash .
you know how they are , ash .
` ` i understand and thank you , ash .
` ` i 'll pay you back somehow , ash .
` ` i 'd like that too , ash . ''
` ` you 're the best , ash .
` ` this means a lot , ash .
` ` i ' ve always admired you , ash .
josie sat across from ash , but she did n't fully relax .
she was perched on the edge of her seat and her gaze kept darting left and right and beyond ash .
a faraway look entered her eyes and when she raised her gaze back to ash , moisture glistened around the edges .
` ` you 're what happened , ash .
she was too preoccupied with ash , and the proposition he 'd put before her .
it was a personal question , but then ash did n't seem the sort of man who worried too much about propriety or boundaries .
i do n't want or need you to support me , ash .
but ash did n't miss it and his gaze became all the more intense .
` ` i need time , ash .
chapter eight ash was n't someone who liked waiting around .
it was a good thing his friend had n't listened to ash 's advice , and now that ash found himself in a similar predicament , he could well understand jace 's uncharacteristic reaction to bethany .
it was a popular after - work haunt , but that was n't why ash chose it .
their food was served , and brittany had finally relaxed , even smiling in ash 's direction .
to place her trust , her well - being , her entire self into the hands of a man like ash .
her worries - fears - surrounding ash seemed silly now .
chapter eleven ash was n't a stupid man .
the split at the corner of her mouth stood out , a reminder that another man had put his hands on what ash already considered his .
` ` i do n't know if this is a good idea , ash , '' she said quietly , speaking for the first time since she 'd given him hesitant instructions on what to pack for her .
the drive was silent , and ash did nothing to disturb it .
` ` i ' m sorry , ash , '' she said quietly , her words nearly lost against his chest .
` ` i ' m at a loss , ash .
his driver pulled to a stop on the side street to his apartment building and then got out to open the door for ash .
` ` son of a bitch , '' ash ground out .
` ` this better be good , ash . ''
` ` yeah , '' ash bit out .
she was in bed with ash .
` ` i ' m liking this , ash , '' she whispered .
` ` you 're there , ash .
` ` i ' m with you , ash . ''
` ` okay , ash .
` ` okay , ash , '' she said quietly .
and ash could n't seem to keep his hands off her for two seconds .
` ` i ' m not sure how you expected me to react , ash .
but i 'll deal , ash .
an entire week in ash 's bed .
chapter fourteen jace was waiting for ash when ash got into his office monday morning .
not that ash had any doubt his friend would be chomping at the bit to pick his brain after ash 's late - night phone call saturday night .
jace was sitting in ash 's office when ash walked in .
jace took in a long breath , his gaze intently studying ash .
jace 's expression grew more serious and he leveled a hard stare in ash 's direction .
but also know that you 're my brother , ash .
they shook slightly as she saw it was ash calling .
` ` i want it too , ash .
she folded the jeans and the shirt , not knowing if she 'd dress afterward or if ash would keep her occupied until bedtime .
her mouth went dry and she hastily licked her lips just as the doors slid open , revealing ash in the suit he 'd worn to work .
` ` i do n't want you to be easy , ash .
i was happy , ash .
` ` and i can take a lot , ash .
` ` i ca n't hold it off , ash .
` ` it was wonderful , ash .
chapter seventeen ash fingered the choker he 'd had designed for josie as he waited for jace to make his appearance in ash 's office .
the entire week ash had been adamant that josie remain in his apartment .
while jace would be involved , at least in the capacity of providing an alibi for ash , he had n't wanted bethany to have any part in lying for him .
she 'd had enough hardship in her life and ash was n't about to pile on more .
i ' m worried , ash .
he stopped outside the door and turned to ash , his eyes serious .
ash stared stonily down into the bloody face of michael cooper while the other men who 'd accompanied ash stood to the side , their gazes alert , watching for any sign of discovery .
he listened in as jace effectively held the conversation , giving no opportunity for ash to have interjected anything .
jace looked inquiringly at him , his gaze sweeping up and down ash as if to gauge whether there was any indication of what he 'd done .
his gaze drifted over ash again , concern bright in his eyes .
her phone rang , and she pounced , her eyes lighting up when she saw it was ash calling .
` ` i 'll be waiting , ash . ''
there was no hiding from ash .
` ` sorry , ash .
she was already half in love , okay maybe a lot in love with ash , and she wanted to see where things would take them .
` ` i wo n't ever take it off , ash . ''
` ` no worries there , ash .
` ` i have n't minded , ash .
` ` if they mean that much to you , i have no doubt i 'll like them , ash .
josie 's eyebrows came together in question as she stared up at ash .
i wo n't let it bother me , ash .
` ` what would you like tonight , ash ? ''
` ` i want whatever you give me , ash . ''
not that ash would be any less controlling , but it was all in the presentation .
` ` i wo n't last long this way , ash , '' she said in a strained voice .
` ` please , ash .
` ` more , ash .
` ` hurt me then , ash .
` ` i ' m not worried , ash .
she blinked when she took in the two men who rose when she and ash got to the table .
dark and brooding where ash was lighter and seemingly less broody , but josie knew that appearances were deceiving .
she wanted it with ash .
and if ash 's words were anything to go by , they were on their way .
she was jace 's sister according to ash and now josie could see the resemblance .
and there was the fact that this woman had been to bed with ash .
josie turned to ash , surprised .
but it was for ash and ash alone .
but it was for ash and ash alone .
it was a need in her , just like it appeared to be a need for ash , gabe and jace .
but still , she knew without a doubt she never wanted to get into a discussion with bethany about the fact she 'd had a threesome with ash and jace .
but if they knew ash , were as close as ash had hinted , there was little doubt they knew exactly what kinds of relationships he preferred and that josie was ... submissive .
but if they knew ash , were as close as ash had hinted , there was little doubt they knew exactly what kinds of relationships he preferred and that josie was ... submissive .
wished they could be for ash alone .
gabe and jace promptly groaned and ash grinned .
` ` he looked terrible , ash .
` ` tell me something , ash .
` ` i can do that for you , ash . ''
chapter twenty - one josie walked ahead of ash when the elevator opened into his apartment .
they 'd eaten dessert , conversed casually with ash 's friends and then ash had made their excuses and he and josie had left .
` ` i ' m good , ash .
it was pretty damn hard to fear anything when she was surrounded by ash .
` ` sticking up for me does n't mean you live in shadows , ash .
` ` in that case , make love to me , ash .
you 're torturing me , ash .
` ` put it in me , ash . ''
the comforting , reassuring feel of ash 's heartbeat beneath her cheek .
just her and ash .
brittany had the same blond hair with a variety of shades just like ash .
perhaps she 'd been worried that ash would n't come .
brittany rose but stood still , as if waiting to see how ash would greet her .
she stared up at ash , just like most sisters stared up at their big brothers when they 'd done something huge and nice for their baby sisters .
brittany looked inquisitively between ash and josie and then her eyes widened before a broad smile lit up her entire face .
ash frowned and started to turn around to see what brittany was looking at , but before he could , a woman strode into view , standing between ash and brittany at the table .
ash frowned and started to turn around to see what brittany was looking at , but before he could , a woman strode into view , standing between ash and brittany at the table .
her eyes flashed with anger as she glared at ash .
` ` and you , '' she said , rounding on ash .
she pointed her finger in an accusing manner toward ash .
really , ash .
` ` is this your latest whore , ash ?
horror reflected in her eyes as she stared at ash .
` ` ash , wait , '' his mother begged .
` ` i need to speak to you , ash .
josie 's heart ached for ash .
she reached up , not knowing if it was what she should do , but she curled her fingers around ash 's hand and then rose to stand beside him .
would he try to cause trouble for ash once he realized who ash was ?
josie glanced up at ash because she did n't know the when and where .
and with guys like ash around , it 's even more important not to let them get one over on us . ''
you ' ve never called me anything but ash . ''
chapter twenty - three after hearing all about the previous girls ' nights out from ash , josie was determined to make sure he enjoyed it every bit as much as gabe and jace had on previous occasions .
i ' m going to head over to eat dinner with ash . ''
and ash is such a good guy .
but now she had ash .
she 'd spare her feet for the evening , but when she headed back to ash 's apartment , they 'd go back on .
` ` that 's because gabe and jace have tortured ash with all the details of what the man gets out of girls ' night out , '' bethany said with a roll of her eyes .
` ` okay , i ' m starting to see where ash is coming from with the girls ' night out thing . ''
chapter twenty - four ash stretched on his couch , drink in one hand , as gabe sprawled into the armchair across from him .
they are n't allowed here , '' ash bit out .
gabe got up , ignoring ash 's response .
it was n't that ash had n't wanted to tell him or jace , but it had slipped his mind .
` ` do n't let her f**k with your head , ash , '' gabe growled , speaking up for the first time .
but meet with him , ash .
` ` okay so we 're alone now and i have to admit , josie , that bethany and i are bursting with nosy questions about you and ash .
i know about bethany and ash . ''
i was n't crazy about having to spend time with a woman who 'd had sex with ash .
and i think in a lot of ways , seeing how jace was with you helped cement for me that there was nothing between you and ash except deep friendship . ''
` ` i love ash .
at the door , brandon knocked softly and it opened , revealing jace and a man ash did n't recognize .
do n't tell ash , but brittany is going home with a badass - looking guy tonight .
but brandon also knew how important these women were to gabe , jace and ash .
was it ash ?
i ca n't wait to hear how ash reacts . ''
` ` she had fun , ash .
` ` i do n't think it 'll be a one - night stand , ash .
` ` do n't stop , ash .
it had n't taken any longer for ash to completely reel her in .
not to mention ash and the guys will beat the crap out of kai if he f**ks you over . ''
josie did n't say anything since she well knew that ash would do just that .
but ash would n't hesitate to go after someone for hurting someone he cared about .
` ` so what about you and ash ? ''
and then ash met you and it 's obvious that his banging random chicks is over too .
she had ash , and really , if that 's all she had , she 'd be one happy bitch .
josie settled into the backseat and texted ash on her way back to the apartment .
everything she had came from ash .
for that , she would use ash 's driver .
after all , he 'd have to pick up ash from work anyway .
eleanor disappeared and ash was already on his feet striding toward the door to meet josie when she came in .
` ` we 're over , ash .
` ` you lied to me , ash .
god , you really did a number on me , ash .
good - bye , ash .
` ` i ' m too upset to have this conversation with you , ash .
` ` i 'll think about it , ash .
how could she trust that ash would n't simply buy it under a different name , one she 'd never be able to trace back to him ?
the site had languished since she 'd moved in with ash , all her focus going into her art .
she would n't get over ash in a day , a week or even a month .
except maybe ash , and she did n't want to think about him right now .
was ash here ?
now what should seem like protection was just one more sign of how controlling ash was .
` ` but ash is your friend , '' josie said .
` ` ash is n't our only connection to you , josie .
` ` gabe and jace messed up plenty of times so it 's certainly par for the course that ash would too .
all gabe and jace have said was that you broke up with ash and moved out and that ash got shitfaced drunk last night . ''
all gabe and jace have said was that you broke up with ash and moved out and that ash got shitfaced drunk last night . ''
he , like ash , could have any woman he wanted .
and now you and ash .
but she absolutely believed that ash would be a lot more forgiving of her mistakes than she 'd been of his .
josie rose , hugged both of the women fiercely and promised again to text them the minute she got things worked out with ash .
the walk took longer than she 'd thought and by the time she reached her apartment she was tired from not having slept the night before and she was impatient to get inside , take a shower and call ash .
a few minutes later the car squealed to a stop in front of josie 's brownstone and ash jumped out , gabe close on his heels .
it 's me , ash .
gabe would lose his f**king mind , and right now the only thing ash was worried about was josie and getting her to a hospital .
gabe and ash exchanged quick what the f**k looks .
she took a long moment and for a second ash thought she 'd slipped into unconsciousness .
he stepped back and away from josie and ash , but ash could hear him talking to jace , telling him to make sure mia and bethany were safe .
it was obvious by the look on gabe 's face that there was a lot that ash and jace evidently did n't know .
gabe and jace both looked at ash with narrowed eyes .
gabe and jace exchanged worried looks but ash ignored them .
` ` i ' m not leaving her , '' ash bit out .
gabe and jace also looked expectantly at ash as they waited for an update on josie 's condition .
gabe was kicking himself enough without ash and jace piling more on .
jace shot a worried look in ash 's direction but ash ignored it .
jace shot a worried look in ash 's direction but ash ignored it .
` ` we love you , ash .
` ` we 're on it , '' mia said firmly , shooting ash a glare .
mia sent ash another warning glare as she said the last .
she wanted charles to go to jail for what he 'd done because she was terrified of what ash might do to him .
but ash would be a suspect .
now they 'd be convinced that ash had something to do with it .
` ` i would mind , '' ash bit back .
` ` we 'll be in touch , '' starks said to both josie and ash .
` ` you ' ve changed me , ash .
` ` you belong there too , ash .
oh yes , ash !
josie exclaimed , breaking away from ash to go and greet them .
josie hoped to have her own after - party romp between the sheets with ash .
you 'll always come first , ash . ''
they 'd also questioned gabe and jace and had combed through ash 's life , leaving no stone unturned .
` ` i do n't care when or where either , ash .
but brittany and he were close now and she spent a lot of time with josie and ash .
she had n't slept in thirty - six hours or so , and her makeup was at the bottom of the pacific - or ash in the air above it .
plumes of hot gasses , ash and rock had shot sixty thousand feet into the sky .
the falling ash had made the drive back to cedar cove nerve - wracking .
we have our spot , '' she said , looking at the place under the mountain ash where they usually sat .
jem paled , his face turning the color of old ash , and tessa - tessa sat very still , the light from the fire chasing shadows across her face .
as the automaton gazed down in bemusement , nakir crumbled away to ash , leaving will 's hand clutched around a vanished hilt .
her hands turned to ash and blew away on the hot wind .
` ` he has agreed to meet jessie in the usual place at sundown- '' she gave a little gasp as , recognizing itself somehow as having been read , the note burst into quick , heatless flames , consuming itself until it was only a film of black ash on her fingers .
he seemed to be trying to avoid looking at tessa , and she , in turn , avoided returning his gaze , though she could feel it flicking over her from time to time , like hot flecks of ash landing on her skin .
the grass around it is a lake of mud and ash and debris .
i would swear that the grit in my eyes is ash .
i can see the tiny grains of sand and bits of ash that cling to his skin and hair .
when she got to his door , she was nearly run over as ash came out .
she asked , jerking her head over her shoulder in ash 's direction .
whatever was up with ash would have to wait .
on the ground beside her , a bonfire crackled and snapped and sent gray ash into the slowly darkening sky .
shingles were on every exterior wall , their wooden surfaces aged to the color of ash .
she was a distant cousin , one of the legions of family relying on ash marrying today and getting the whole family out of the shit they 'd gotten themselves into .
some of ash 's blood , from her father , came from the shadows of the midnight host .
no sooner had ash turned to berate whoever had decided to intrude on her last few moments of freedom , she recognized the tall form lounging in the doorway .
fire and ice swept through ash 's body .
although he counted himself as - no , prided himself on being a new man - dev was quickly finding out that his instincts regarding ash were not only archaic , they were downright draconian .
` ` gods ash , do n't look at me like that , '' he begged , following her across the bed .
i watched , not breathing , as she held up the shirt , flicked the lighter , and dipped the hem into the flame , bringing it to ash piece by piece .
she tasted like ash .
that was when she jolted awake : in the dream 's last moment , luce herself had seared and splintered - then had been obliterated into ash .
the image from her dream came back to her : unfurling wings , her body heating up until she smoldered into ash .
` ` and this time , when your love blows into that tragic little puff of ash , it 's going to be for good .
` ` do n't do anything stupid , like turning into a pile of ash . ''
` ` does it feel like a hot ash ?
` ` did you just compare luce 's unbridled passion to a hot ash ? ''
the remnants of the shadow shattered into a small black cloud of ash that settled eventually on the oor of the classroom .
as she whipped around toward the sound , luce saw a ash of something black dip o the bow of the boat .
as he strained to lift dawn out of the water , luce saw the briefest ash of gold extend from his back .
any ash of anger luce felt about it was something she needed to take up with ... daniel .
soon the whole image broke apart into tiny shadow shreds that fell to the oor and curled up like the ash from burning paper .
` ` i 'll have you out of here in a ash . ''
luce looked behind her and recoiled at the sight : a very tall boy in a long brown trench coat , unbuttoned so that luce could see a ash of something silver tucked inside his belt .
luce was almost disappointed to nd herself back in her dorm room after the ash and excitement of las vegas .
just before her parents disappeared down the street , luce thought she saw a ash of something outside .
luce saw the ash of silver , and she remembered : the arrows he 'd collected from the outcast girl .
there was a ash of light , like a camera ash , and then : the white - eyed boy did n't even have time to cry out at the impact -- he just vanished into thin air .
there was a ash of light , like a camera ash , and then : the white - eyed boy did n't even have time to cry out at the impact -- he just vanished into thin air .
and her body disappeared in a dim gray ash of light .
she 'd seen the arrows extinguish a dozen angels tonight with that paltry ash of light .
dust and ash and death were everywhere .
she pulled back with a frown and then her gaze skirted sideways to where ash was standing across the room with gabe .
the three of us , gabe , me and ash .
he touched her cheek and then moved back as ash swept her away .
at a time when he 'd been in college and only focused on beer , girls and having a good time with gabe and ash , he 'd been forced to take responsibility for six - year - old mia .
gabe and ash had both been a huge source of support for him and perhaps in a lot of ways mia had cemented their friendship .
jace broke from his reverie and turned to see that ash had already finished his dance with mia .
` ` do not approach her , ash , '' jace growled .
how the f**k was he supposed to explain to his best friend , a friend he regularly shared women with , that he did n't want ash within a mile of this one ?
` ` my name is ash .
the sound was explosive in the confined area of the kitchen and bethany jerked her head up to see another man standing in the doorway , his brooding , dark gaze scorching the flesh right off ash 's bones .
where ash was lighter , carefree , that whole package of wealthy and i know it and i do n't got ta do nothing except what i wan na , this man was ...
there was a ruggedness to him even as he screamed wealth and polish like ash did .
where ash wore his wealth like a skin , like he 'd always known it , this other guy looked like he 'd accumulated his wealth later in life and was n't yet as comfortable in it as ash was .
to bethany 's surprise , jace pulled up short , but he was still glaring holes in ash .
and if he came with ash , she 'd just have to take that too .
she gestured toward ash .
not to look at ash .
his gaze skated sideways at ash and it was then she realized he was pissed at ash .
his gaze skated sideways at ash and it was then she realized he was pissed at ash .
evidently ash wanted some action .
he never looked at ash once .
she hesitated as she glanced between the door leading to the alley and the door that led back to ash and jace .
` ` ash is in the room taking care of dinner . ''
sipped at her juice and was grateful when she finished that ash produced more .
which was kind of weird considering the word badass would have never come up in one of her descriptions of ash .
jace 's brow furrowed and he shot ash a quelling look .
this was a guy she would have expected ash 's speech to come from .
awareness simmered low in her belly as ash 's heat surrounded her .
jace stepped forward , leaned down and roughly hauled her from ash 's grasp and into his arms .
she closed her eyes , allowing ash to dictate the pace .
` ` do n't hurt her , ash . ''
she fidgeted and then gasped out a please around ash 's cock .
` ` please , '' she gasped out around ash 's cock .
she sipped gratefully at the juice , her mouth dry and a little sore from accommodating ash 's size .
what woman would n't want men like ash and jace initiating her in a situation like this ?
when he returned , he immediately stripped out of his clothing , and bethany sucked in her breath at the air of expectancy that had invaded with ash 's return .
jace shook his head , stopping ash as he headed for the bed .
no , he did n't want ash here , but for the moment he could lose himself in the sheer eroticism of watching her react to having two men make love to her .
no ash .
ass in the air for ash . ''
jace 's gaze met ash 's over bethany 's body and he sent his friend a silent warning .
the moment ash 's fingers touched bethany , she went still .
and he 'd demanded that ash do the same .
jace 's gaze drifted over bethany 's shoulder to see ash on his knees , his features strained .
he pulled her closer to him , not wanting ash 's hands on her .
which was laughable , considering ash would put a much more intimate part of himself firmly inside bethany 's body in a matter of seconds .
there was no fear in her gaze , but jace could see uncertainty , as if she doubted whether ash would be able to push in as he had before .
he nodded to ash and then pulled bethany further toward him so the angle would be better for ash 's penetration .
jace could immediately feel an increase in pressure as ash sought entrance .
even before she could suck in a breath , jace felt the jolt of her body opening for ash 's invasion .
she gasped every time ash bottomed out , the soft sigh escaping into jace 's mouth .
he vaguely heard ash 's growl and then the entire bed shook as ash pounded into her ass , forcing her forward onto jace 's chest .
she moaned softly and jace immediately wrapped his arms around her , covering the bare expanse of her back now that ash was gone .
the other problem was ... ash .
never again would he share bethany with ash .
he 'd talk with ash in the morning .
he had no idea how ash would respond .
jace had never had to worry that he would tire of a woman before ash or vice versa .
he wanted no part of ash when it came to bethany .
in bed with ash .
his gaze narrowed and his brows came together when he saw ash sprawled on the bed .
jace did n't answer and ash 's head flopped back onto the pillow .
ash 's voice drifted to jace and jace strode back out of the bedroom to see ash standing in the living room in front of the coffee table holding one of the stationery note cards with the hotel logo .
he turned away from ash and then savagely threw the note across the room .
make love again , preferably after ash left .
his door opened and he was about to snarl out a dismissal to whoever intruded on his privacy when he saw ash walk in .
ash was ... well , he was typical ash .
heat washed through his veins as he stared back at ash .
then he lifted his gaze back to ash , who stood there staring at him .
` ` jace crestwell , '' he said shortly , still glaring at ash .
jace 's pulse accelerated and he dropped into his chair , shutting ash out .
as he passed ash , his friend 's hand shot out to grab jace 's arm .
he could hear ash hurrying up behind him as he reached the elevator .
with his other hand , he punched the button for the bottom floor and then pushed ash back .
` ` stay out of this , ash , '' jace warned in a soft tone .
i was a one - night stand for you and ash .
` ` you said ash and i were a relapse .
suddenly his voice was clipped and he did n't look happy that she 'd mentioned ash .
it was n't even like the threesome she 'd had with jace and ash .
when he walked into gabe 's office a few minutes later , he saw that ash was already there - as was gabe - and the way gabe looked at him , that flash of concern in his eyes , he knew that ash had been running his mouth .
when he walked into gabe 's office a few minutes later , he saw that ash was already there - as was gabe - and the way gabe looked at him , that flash of concern in his eyes , he knew that ash had been running his mouth .
bethany had absolutely no connection to gabe or ash .
well , not unless you counted the fact that she 'd f**ked ash , but jace was trying his best to forget that fact .
he may never get rid of the sight of ash 's mouth and hands on her skin .
` ` that 's not what ash says . ''
` ` ash needs to keep his f**king mouth shut . ''
i do n't even know who the hell bethany is and i ' m damn sure not gossiping about her with ash .
and if he were completely honest , he was still pissed that ash had f**ked her .
` ` work this out with ash , '' gabe said quietly .
we ca n't afford fuck - ups because you and ash are at f**king odds .
hell , he got ten kinds of pissed every time ash 's family gave him shit .
then he turned and went in search of ash .
chapter sixteen jace leaned against the doorway of ash 's office and waited for his friend to get off the phone .
jace was mystified how ash had come from a pit of vipers and not been shaped or influenced by them .
i 'd rather have my fingernails plucked out with pliers , '' ash bit out .
he was convinced they only wanted ash around so they 'd have someone new to torment .
after that experience , they both had vowed never to allow ash anywhere near his family without a solid support network .
jace knew that ash was deeply shamed by his friends seeing his family and instead of letting them continue to see his family in action , he 'd simply pulled the plug .
he slouched in one of the chairs along the wall and put his hands behind his back , leaning so he could pull ash into his gaze .
i ' m trying to apologize here , ash .
just as quickly , he sobered and met ash 's gaze .
and yeah , he was n't so pissed off that he did n't realize he 'd absolutely be busting ash 's balls if his friend had pulled a stunt like this .
all that psychological crap ash spouted spun around in jace 's mind .
it was n't as if he and ash were n't always straight with one another .
` ` look , ash .
jace closed his eyes briefly and when he reopened them ash was staring a hole through him .
it was fact that bethany and ash would cross paths again .
if she was going to be a part of jace 's life - and she absolutely was - then she and ash would see each other a lot .
would jace have to always worry that bethany would be looking in ash 's direction or that she 'd even pursue him ?
it was obvious she was freaked out by that night and the fact she 'd had a threesome with him and ash .
and he damn sure would have never f**ked her with ash .
pump the brakes , ash .
a glimmer of amusement lighted ash 's eyes .
that she could even now be on the streets and vulnerable to god knew what ... ` ` fuck , '' ash bit out .
gabe and ash ...
how f**king helpless he was and how ash had managed to voice his biggest fear .
she was likely studying his mood , and if ash was right , she had reason to after jace bit her head off the last two times she 'd come to see him .
the very last thing he wanted his baby sister to know about was his and ash 's propensity for threesomes .
i take it ash is n't involved ? ''
gabe or ash .
to make a long story short , ash and i hooked up with her even though i knew i wanted her to myself from the very start . ''
when have i ever risked what you and me and gabe and ash have by bringing in an outsider ?
as mia headed for the door , she nearly collided with ash on his way in .
jace lifted his eyebrows in question as ash made his way to the chair mia had vacated .
the night she 'd had sex with jace and ash .
` ` the first thing you have to understand is that ash and i ... '' he broke off .
it was bad enough she was meeting his sister , her fiance who also happened to be jace 's other best friend and business partner , and gabe 's parents , but ash would also be there .
what if the others knew that she 'd slept with both jace and ash ?
it 's inevitable that you and ash will cross paths .
bethany 's stomach dropped when they met ash in the doorway .
try as she might , she could n't control her instant mortification as she stared at ash .
this time her smile was genuine and she squeezed ash 's hand back in thanks .
jace shot ash a look of gratitude and the tension that perhaps she 'd imagined to begin with dissipated .
jace curled his arm around ash 's shoulders and the two engaged in mock wrestling .
her smile was indulgent and it was obvious that she regarded ash and jace with affection .
bethany had been positioned across the table from mia and gabe and jace were on either side of her , with ash next to mia and across the table from jace .
chapter thirty - four jace and bethany spent new year 's eve with gabe , mia and ash .
jace had enlisted the aid of gabe , mia and ash in an attempt to give bethany a new year 's eve where she would relax and enjoy .
the only thing missing was ... ash .
not that ash was n't here .
but ash was conspicuously single .
she leaned up and kissed him and jace rolled his eyes in ash 's direction .
` ` this means we 'll be subjected to this shit for the next four months , '' ash groaned .
obviously they all knew of jace and ash 's propensity for having threesomes .
as he lifted his gaze , he saw that ash stood in the doorway , a frown marring his face .
he studied ash closely , looking for the usual anger in his eyes he wore around the holidays .
jace held his hands up , grateful they could now joke about the fact ash had slept with her .
` ` problem is , after she slept off the hangover - and we f**ked again , '' he added , just to needle ash .
hell , he had n't even seen much of ash since meeting bethany .
he and gabe both had been focused on the women they loved , which meant ash had solidly been pushed from the tight circle he used to occupy a huge part of .
` ` hi , ash .
she sweetened hers and paused , not sure how ash liked his .
jace 's voice exploded into the living room and bethany jumped , ash 's hand sliding from her face as both she and ash whirled in the direction of jace 's voice .
the doors opened and he was greeted by the sight of bethany and ash standing across the living room in front of the window .
she was looking at ash like he 'd just hung the f**king moon .
his temper exploded , a result of a shitty day gone even shittier by finding ash in his apartment , touching his woman and her smiling at f**king ash in a way she had n't smiled for him in days .
his temper exploded , a result of a shitty day gone even shittier by finding ash in his apartment , touching his woman and her smiling at f**king ash in a way she had n't smiled for him in days .
ash and bethany both whirled around to look at him , ash 's hand sliding from bethany 's face .
all he 'd wanted was a quiet evening alone with bethany and he 'd arrived here to see ash up close and personal with bethany .
after he 'd calmed down , he knew damn well she and ash were n't doing shit behind his back .
you never even asked what ash was doing here .
i ' m in a shitty mood , had a shitty day and i took it out on you and ash . ''
he had to catch ash before this went too far .
he 'd catch ash , apologize and then he 'd come back to bethany when emotions were n't running so high .
he disconnected the call and hoped like hell ash was n't so pissed off that he would n't come back inside .
but ash was right .
it was twisted , but he realized ash had hit on something jace had n't even realized .
and even though he 'd been able to joke with ash about it in the office earlier , it was because bethany had n't been there .
i went too far this time , ash .
jace scowled and ash laughed .
but if you need more time , i ' m going to go into the office , make a few calls , get caught up with gabe and ash , and then i ' m coming home so we can work this out . ''
jace rocketed up from his seat and strode from the office where he , gabe and ash were on a conference call with the group of investors for their paris hotel .
he ran headlong into gabe and ash , who 'd both been standing at the door listening .
gabe climbed in front and directed the driver while jace and ash got in back .
she rose and walked around the desk as gabe and ash came up behind jace .
she looked helplessly at gabe and ash as if asking for their help in calming him .
gabe and ash were there to pull him back the minute he was forced out .
gabe and ash grabbed him , subduing him before he could punch the wall again .
kaden walked briskly away and jace turned to see gabe and ash standing there , confusion in their eyes .
jace followed behind , with ash and gabe on his heels .
when he got to the door , both ash and gabe tried to hold him back .
both ash and gabe grabbed jace and forcibly pushed him out of the room .
you and ash took me away at thanksgiving and you saw how i was that whole time .
he turned to see mia standing a short distance away , flanked by gabe and ash .
then mia and gabe burst into laughter and ash joined them .
by the time she 'd put a sizeable dent in the food ash had brought her , the yawns were coming faster than she could eat .
he 'd taken a solid week off from work , leaving gabe and ash to clean up the paris deal , which fortunately they 'd salvaged thanks to an investor gabe had located .
he reached up to remove her blindfold and the minute it was gone , she was greeted by the sight of mia , chessy , trish , gina , caroline , brandon , gabe and ash all standing around a table that held a ginormous four - tiered cake .
` ` but ash loves them .
i clutched the note - it felt like ash in my hands , impossibly fragile .
harder ash . ''
not much of a conversationalist , are you ash ? ''
laughter bursts out of me and i utter , ` ` then you should love me , ash .
you 're acting like i owe you an explanation or some shit , ash . ''
` ` you are weird , ash .
i ' ve never met anyone like you before , and i ' m proud to have you as my friend , ash . ''
` ` i ' m proud to have you as my friend , ash . ''
it was like he was possessed , ash .
i whisper , ` ` i was really scared , ash .
he looks up at me and i explain , ` ` shit , ash .
` ` happy birthday , ash . ''
once i ' m behind him , i tap his shoulder and say loudly , ` ` hey ash , i got some of your mail today . ''
i like the monkey sex , ash .
i pull back a little and speak , ` ` i ' ve already seen you , ash .
running my thumb over his knuckles , i go on , ` ` i- i ' m sorry , ash .
when i whisper , ` ` happy birthday , ash , '' he shakes in silent laughter and presses harder into my mouth , deepening our kiss .
searching for the right way to put this , i admit , ` ` i do n't want anyone to know about this , ash . ''
by the time ash was ready to blow , i was ready to blow myself .
when his face becomes pained , i amend quickly , ` ` talk about anything , ash .
thinking about ash as a child and in agony , makes me want to ugly cry , but i hold it together .
nodding , ash replies , ` ` yeah , she is .
crawling across the bed to him , i kiss the top of his head and tell him , ` ` no , ash .
and with that , he and ash leave .
please , ash .
looking right into ash , i whispered , ` ` i ca n't watch this anymore .
without even asking permission , i follow ash into his apartment , walk past him toward his room , over to his bed and fall forward , faceplanting .
through a yawn , ash replies , ` ` okay , babe .
` ` goodnight , ash . ''
chuckling , i state sleepily , ` ` so happy for you , ash .
this is why i did n't want to do this with ash .
i turn to the door and poke it as if i would be poking ash 's chest .
just as i pick up my cell phone to text ash , the phone chimes in my hand .
i close my eyes and ash lifts me .
moving back from me , ash sits in the center of the bed with his back to the heardboard .
the tingles start and i whisper , ` ` love you , ash , '' before taking his mouth in deep , wet kisses .
if ash is anything , he 's a fighter alright .
` ` sweet dreams , ash .
she says quietly , ` ` i do n't know , ash .
shaking my head , i exhale loudly in frustration and explain in an almost shout , ` ` it 's a process , ash !
she cracks a smile and i admit , ` ` but my favorite part was when you made out with ash . ''
i cough long and hard for a good minute when ash throws my previous insult back at me .
i squeak when i see ash sitting on the edge of my bed , waiting for me .
come home , ash .
you 'd have been safe here , ash .
i know i was n't there for you , ash .
the same flowers in the bunch i used to mess up ash with .
i love you too , ash . ''
suddenly sad , i whisper , ` ` i probably ca n't have kids , ash . ''
approximately ten seconds pass and when no one answers ash whispers , ` ` oh well .
i wo n't let ash see how nervous i am though .
helena lets go of me and to my surprise , she jumps up on ash .
dad wraps his arm around ash , smiling and says to us girls , ` ` i give him a small drink . ''
my dad sharing his best reserve with ash means he 's accepted the fact that i ' ve brought a guy home .
i squeeze ash 's hand in a way , mentally yelling help when finally my mother comes forward to stand in front of ash .
chapter twenty - eight just married for the first time in the history of mankind , ash and i travel to work together this morning .
nik sent ash to safira 's today to bring tina some lunch , and while he was there my stomach was going crazy .
when tina walked into the store room to get something for ash to take back to nik , he pressed up against my back and whispered , ` ` no one does curves like you do , baby .
hours pass and ash and i just had some super happy fun time in the white rabbit 's parking lot and he mussed me up good .
stupid ash .
i tell him , ` ` i ' m so proud of you , ash .
knowing ash is probably scowling behind me , i chuckle in embarrassment .
lola looks up at ash and chuckles , ` ` that was a kickass line , ghost . ''
i look up and even ash is losing his fight to be sincere .
when it 's clear we are n't going to get over our giggles , ash announces loudly , ` ` i got married two days ago . ''
i look around the table to find almost everyone 's gaping at ash .
unsure of where to go from here , i take hold of ash 's hand , linking our fingers .
nik whispers something to ash and ash nods before he slaps nik 's back a few times and they part .
nik whispers something to ash and ash nods before he slaps nik 's back a few times and they part .
* * * we get home from a long night of celebration and i drag my ass through the door of ash 's apartment .
when i get out of the car , ash growls .
so ash being ash , he sits at the bar across the way watching us .
so ash being ash , he sits at the bar across the way watching us .
the talk ... '' ash smirks , nods and tells him , ` ` i got my girl .
i know she 's saying this to me , not ash .
i was so caught up in my own emotions that i forgot all about ash not having family to talk to about it .
i 'd just told ash that afternoon because i 'd wanted to see an ob - gyn and i did .
so i went home and told ash that we were going to have a baby .
taking ash by the hand , we walk out of tanya 's office and i tell myself i 'll never go back .
i ' m so sorry , ash . ''
nik and tina sit on the sofa while i sit on ash in the single armchair .
* * * i watch ash fall back onto the floor in a dead faint .
tanya steps over ash as she exits the room and i turn to nik and tina .
this is you and ash .
and ash is going to be a great daddy to them .
so rather than standing in front of the mailboxes and contemplating how her short academic career had just gone up in flames and been reduced to a pile of ash at her feet , she quietly finished her business at the university and went home .
the combination of his voice and the feel of his long cool fingers stroking her veins ... she was worried her skin would catch fire and she would disintegrate into a pile of ash .
gabriel casually flicked the ash from his cigar into the ashtray between them .
` ` you are buying me a new wardrobe , '' simon growled , shrugging out of his coat , an action that caused ash to sprinkle down to the rug .
she tapped the ash from her cigarette into an overflowing ashtray .
odd how a stone made of nightmare ash melted into a glass - like material from the decimated guardian homeworld could change her life .
before he 'd exploded and turned into ash ?
love was either there , hot as fire , or it was dead , as cold as ash .
but her throat was as dry as old ash , and no sound came out except a pathetic whimper .
now , in the silvered moonlight , it was a shadow cast in streaks of ash gray and jet black .
his body began disintegrating as it fell to the floor , slowly turning into a pile of ash .
my eyes moved from watching stefan 's dizzying pace to drift over the pile of ash scattered across the floor , raising to take in the blood that was splattered against the ivory walls of the kitchen .
flynn scanned the tense faces around the table and tried to figure out what had set off the normally unflappable ash .
he followed ash out and down the hall to the cfo 's office and knocked on the open door .
blast after blast of ecstasy rocketed through his extremities until he was nothing but spent ash .
` ` next is ash , another ad exec , and you ' ve already met gavin . ''
when he hadfinallygiven up on tryingto sell her that , heturnedto a longdescription of the other offerings he had ; pastes made up of alum andtin ash , others featuring sulfur .
and oh , how she burned like fireworks , until she was nothing but ash , buoyed up by a midsummer breeze that floated her along for miles before depositing her , ever so gently , back on solid ground .
thank goodness they did n't call it something salacious , otherwise she might turn into ash right on the spot .
mom always dressed in professorial beige , and her ash blond hair , cut in a chin - length pageboy , never frizzed or moved or changed in any way .
for a moment , i thought , it 's massively unwise to throw lit cigarettes around a barn full of hay , but then the moment of caution passed , and i just made a sincere effort not to flick ash onto any hay .
he felt beside it and groping , knocked away the small , cold square of the tinderbox ; it slid across the slate of the hearth , and was furred with ash and dust when he picked it up .
the old gent shook his head doubtfully , muttering toothlessly to himself , but continued his laborious progress , making his way down the lane , his companion 's ample bottom scraping a wide furrow in the layers of dead leaves , dog turds , and bits of fireplace ash as they went .
the polished wood floor echoed under his tread and the air smelled of hearth ash , books , and flowers .
then , frowning , fraser rose swiftly and , grabbing the ash shovel , scraped a smoking mass of papers out of the hearth , scattering them hastily over the floor , seizing chunks that had not yet quite caught fire , and separating them from the baulk of burning pages .
it was the wild hunt poem - and he did wonder where the devil the rest of it was ; why only this one page ? -much singed and smeared with ash .
carina waited until the entire paper turned to ash , then dumped the bucket of water onto the fire .
the blond man shook his head and flicked the thick ash off the top of his cigar .
he paused and examined a sculpture made of volcanic ash from mount saint helens .
if he had n't brushed the ash away he would have set himself on fire .
she saw everything in pieces , out of focus , as if she were looking through binoculars set for someone else 's eyes ; staccato bursts of color , a macabre night , rain that looked like bits of ash falling from the sky .
still , she closed her eyes for just a moment , remembering that night , so long ago , when the rain had turned to ash ...
as i watched , the evening wind came down , scouring the ruin , and the shadow of a stool collapsed noiselessly into ash , flurries of soot and char moving ghostlike over the ground .
frowning , roger picked up a long pine branch and began to poke through the piles of ash and rubble , looking to be sure .
jamie pursed his lips , his gaze traveling slowly over the earth of the yard - but the ground was churned with footsteps , clumps of grass uprooted and the whole of the yard dusted with ash and bits of charred wood .
his lips were warm , but the scent of bitter ash and damp earth clung to him - as it did to her - and she shivered a little , drawing back .
confused by the heat and smoke of a dozen fires , the grasshoppers flew up like sparks , igniting as their wings caught fire and vanishing into the rising column of smoke and whirling ash .
he blew through the stem of the pipe to clear it of ash , wiped the bowl with his handkerchief , and tucked it carefully away - left - handed .
the taste of ash was thick and sour in his mouth ; he coughed and spat , eyes watering .
the ash and charcoal had been scraped out and oak wood for a new fire laid in the space beneath the stilted floor , but it was n't yet lit .
birds sang in the distant wood , and light lay soft as wood ash on the ground .
it was perfect , satin - black embers crusted with ash , the red heat smothered just beneath .
the ropes of his hair stirred against the sunburned skin of his neck , in the same way that the leaves of the mountain ash moved above .
several soft gray flecks drifted in , feathers or bits of ash , spiraling like snowflakes toward the floor .
all the gold of the autumn leaves had faded into ash , and white mist was curling through the dark wet trunks of the pines .
there was little of the usual boat traffic this morning , in the wake of the fort 's burning ; the bitter smell of wood ash mingled with the marshy smell of the nearby mud flats , and the water was still and oily - looking .
i kept a narrow eye , but she seemed to have a feel for the ash , tapping it now and then into the saucer base of the candlestick .
she reached out , unerring , and tapped the ash neatly from the joint .
a delicate plume of ash and soot floated up through the water to form a dusty gray film on the surface .
the rest was a mass of charred timbers and mounded ash , already turning gray .
and the ash nearby ? ''
jamie led the way under the drooping limbs of a huge horse chestnut , and into a small clearing , thick with the fallen leaves of ash , alder , and sycamore .
mr . tryon turned so that i saw him now in profile , tapping the ash from his cigar into a small porcelain bowl .
the back of his shirt hung in shreds , smeared with dirt and ash , splotched with blood .
the air smelled of ash and burnt soot , but it was warm .
now she was in america , he in england , and oxford was cold and dull , all its streets and buildings gray as the ash of dead fires .
something seized his wrist and pulled it away , but not before he had felt wetness , and the silky roughness of ash on his breast .
he held up the cigar and tapped it gently with a finger to loosen the ash .
we passed close by the pit and i could n't help seeing from the corner of my eye the heap of charred fragments , shattered ends frosted white with ash .
looking across the burn , my eyes were dazzled by the morning sun blazing through the red ash trees on the far bank .
and inside , the guy , an effigy crouched in ash on his own hearthstone , ready to fall into black dust at the next blast of cold wind to sweep through the shell of his home .
the edges of one such patch were charred , rimmed with white ash .
she drew in a deep breath through her nose , like a dragon preparing to sear him into ash .
i nestled into the curve of jamie 's body , enjoying his warmth ; the fire had burned far down during the night , and the air in the room was chilly , sour with ash .
the edges of the jigsaw - pieces of pine bark glowed crimson , then white , and vanished into ash as the flame began to spread upward .
i ventured to ask , seating myself on the chopping block that stood under the ash tree .
the raw earth of beardsley 's grave showed dark with moisture , a humped mound beneath the bare branches of the mountain ash .
` ` it 's a mountain ash .
i gathered that jamie 's comment stemmed not from taxonomic hairsplitting , though , but rather from doubt as to whether the ash possessed the same repellent qualities , in terms of protection from evil and enchantment .
the mountain ash and whatever might - or might not - be under it were hidden in darkness .
i was pouring water into a kettle of wood ash , to make lye , and it was turning to lye even as i poured .
goat dung , horse manure , cut hay , the bitter smell of wood ash , and a good whiff of camphorated goose grease from jamie 's clothes - but nothing else .
i had examined both boys at length the day before , but had another quick look before starting , using a tongue depressor made of a slip of ash wood .
ulysses himself looked gray , like charcoal frosted with ash .
each word flickered briefly in his mind like a burning leaf , rising from a bonfire 's wind , and then disappeared away into ash before he could grasp it .
the women spent the day in plucking , roasting , smoking , and preserving the pigeons with wood - ash ; the air was filled with drifting down and the scent of grilled pigeon livers was thick in the air , as the whole village gorged on this delicacy .
the scents of ash and burning carpet , wood and plaster filled my nose .
all alone , i locked the door and jumped in the shower , luxuriating in the hot water as it washed away ash , soot and the image of the beast monster i 'd been .
my shoes were still covered in ash .
descending the rocky cliff face while cutting a swath through the flood of shadows , aidan tried to ignore the screams the nightmares made just before they burst into puffs of foul - smelling ash .
he began to strip off his garments , which were blackened by ash and singed in places .
filled with fury and frustration , his yell was fearsome , and the nightmares writhed away from it , some of them frightened enough to dissipate into puffs of foul - smelling ash .
not even a small pile of ash .
the woman 's gown and apron were both singed and covered in ash .
he was dirty with ash and soot , as if he 'd been in the building as well , but he did n't appear to be hurt .
the beams creaked as they gave way , and glowing ash was thrown into the sky , floating al around us .
i could only nod , dreading the sight of our home reduce to a heap of ash .
` ` some of us did n't exactly enjoy the war , or the outcome , right ash ? ''
he hated to be called ash , he always had , always would .
` ` i do n't regret that either , because it gave me mia and ash .
jace had asked how things were with her and then told her he was going to be in california with ash for the next several days .
jace and ash sauntered through the door and gabe 's irritation only grew .
jace and ash were the middlemen , as gabe referred to them .
later , it had been jace and ash banding around him during his very messy and public divorce .
jace settled in the other , quieter and slightly less irreverent than ash .
yeah , jace and ash were the only two people he considered friends in the true sense of the word .
women found him a challenge , and maybe they considered ash an easy enough conquest , but they went after jace with single - minded determination only to discover that he was unreachable .
just as gabe and ash had rallied around jace when he 'd stepped in to raise mia , ash and jace had been an unbending source of support for gabe when lisa had divorced him .
one corner of ash 's mouth twitched upward .
a moment later , the gorgeous brunette gabe had seen jace and ash with the night before walked into his office .
she was older , more experienced , and she damn well knew the score with jace and ash .
he reached to pull her up from ash 's lap , and she settled comfortably between him and ash as they moved toward gabe 's office door .
he reached to pull her up from ash 's lap , and she settled comfortably between him and ash as they moved toward gabe 's office door .
jace and ash should be well away by then .
jace and ash teased gabe about being a bookworm , but it was a passion that mia shared with gabe .
not that she 'd ever been introduced to any of them , but she 'd heard jace and ash talk .
while she did n't know the exact details of his prior relationships , she 'd heard jace and ash talk enough to know that one year was gabe 's max when it came to women , and more often than not , six months was normal .
` ` i 'd rather be the filling in a jace and ash sandwich , '' one of the women said .
that report 's due at two , and gabe is not as understanding as ash is about tardiness .
i wish jace and ash would hurry up and get back from wherever it is they are .
if they were in the hotel suite , it was obvious that there was indeed a woman with jace and ash .
they also had quite a bit to say about jace and ash , and after the phone call just now , i ' m wondering how accurate their speculation was . ''
i know that jace and ash ... '' gabe winced .
` ` i do n't really want to hear about jace and ash nor do i want to discuss anything that remotely involves them being nak*d . '' mia laughed , her eyes sparkling .
` ` about the time you and ash left for california .
but he did n't want to f**k things up with jace and ash either .
if he was going to pull this off he had to find a very delicate balance between keeping his time with mia secret and also not withdrawing from jace and ash .
` ` neither jace nor ash will disturb me when my door is closed .
jace and ash were both used to having unfettered access to gabe 's office .
` ` damn it , ash !
` ` oh for god 's sake , ash .
she was stuck in ash 's office with jace and she had an anal plug up her ass while gabe was next door fending off advances from his ex - wife .
` ` knock it off , ash .
it was clear that neither ash nor jace had any love for lisa .
` ` oh , let him come , '' mia said , keeping her tone light so ash did n't pick up on what she was doing .
` ` hey , have you guys seen ... '' he halted when he saw mia sitting in front of ash 's desk and then he glanced at jace and ash with suspicion .
` ` hey , have you guys seen ... '' he halted when he saw mia sitting in front of ash 's desk and then he glanced at jace and ash with suspicion .
` ` shut the f**k up , ash , '' gabe snarled .
mia rose , hoping to head off any further snarkiness from ash .
she shut the door behind her , effectively sealing off gabe from jace and ash and any further comments either of them would make .
` ` you ca n't seriously think that ash ... '' she shook her head , unwilling to even voice such a ludicrous idea .
they said their good - byes to eleanor who was preparing to leave as well and then they ran into ash at the elevator .
that 's your forte , ash .
until today , it had been a good while since she 'd been with ash or jace .
and picturing him nak*d with ash may well have ruined any appreciation she had for ash .
and picturing him nak*d with ash may well have ruined any appreciation she had for ash .
` ` you 're seeing ash tonight ? ''
jace and ash were already there when gabe strode into their vip suite , and there were two waitresses flirting heavily with jace and ash .
jace and ash were already there when gabe strode into their vip suite , and there were two waitresses flirting heavily with jace and ash .
jace and ash were the only two people he ever trusted with anything personal .
jace and ash were worried .
the waitresses came back with the drinks and spent several minutes flirting with jace and ash .
then in an effort to move the conversation away from mia so gabe was n't in such an awkward position , he glanced at jace and ash with a half grin .
after an hour of drinks , more joking , and definite babe checking out on the part of ash and jace , gabe glanced at his watch and saw it was close to eleven .
and he was stuck here bullshitting with jace and ash .
jace and ash were distracted , muttered an appropriate ` ` later , '' and then turned their attention back to the dancers .
at least she had dinner with jace and ash to look forward to .
jace and ash are taking me to eat tonight .
she was looking forward to her night out with jace and ash .
gabe , jace and ash were tight .
she eyed ash and jace like they were her next meal and she was about to dig in .
which meant there was an even bigger age gap between her and jace and ash .
while she may eat a salad with gabe , she had no reservations with jace and ash and she ordered nachos fully loaded .
that did n't stop her from mooching off jace 's and ash 's plates .
at first mia thought she was going to the bathroom , but her gaze was locked on ash and jace and it became apparent that she was on a mission .
mia did n't need it spelled out to her that this was obviously one of jace and ash 's threesome women .
she pivoted on her very high heels and stalked out of the pub , leaving jace , mia and ash standing by the booth they 'd occupied .
hope you had a nice dinner with jace and ash .
if you ca n't reach me then you goddamn better well call your brother or ash .
` ` have you finished putting those bids in a presentation for my meeting with jace and ash ? ''
gabe 's head jerked up , the haze surrounding him disappearing as he saw jace and ash standing in the foyer , the elevator doors closing behind them .
never knew that jace and ash were there .
the last thing she wanted was for ash and jace to see her upset and think it was because of anything gabe had done to her .
mia hastily wiped at her face , horrified by the direction ash was going with his questions .
this time she turned and pulled free of jace 's and ash 's grasps .
she looked down , horrified that she was clad in only the robe ash had wrapped her in .
when the elevator opened , jace stalked out , leaving ash and mia to follow at a slower pace .
by the time they got to the exit , jace was already back , and as promised , he and ash hovered so closely around her that it was hard to see who she was or what she was wearing .
` ` we are n't talking about me and ash , '' jace growled .
she clutched the robe tighter around her body and her lips quivered as she stared at her brother and ash .
chapter thirty - nine when mia entered her apartment in just a robe with ash and jace both hovering protectively around her , caroline hurried forward , a worried expression on her face .
caroline held her fiercely and then lit into ash and jace , demanding to know what they 'd done to her .
caroline ushered her to the couch , helped her sit down , and then she stood glaring at jace and ash .
` ` you and ash just go , '' she said quietly .
` ` and you 're spending thanksgiving with me and ash .
jace nodded his agreement and shot ash a quelling stare .
but she sighed because ash was n't spending thanksgiving with his family .
he and ash would keep her busy through the thanksgiving holiday .
he should have never let her walk out of his apartment that night with jace and ash .
it had been a while since she and jace had gotten to have an actual vacation together and with ash there , things had been lighthearted and happy .
jace and ash headed into the office but told her they 'd be back , because they had something special planned for the evening .
she 'd have never made it through her breakup with gabe if it were n't for jace and ash both .
she glanced up to jace in bewilderment , but he 'd stepped back along with ash , leaving her alone in the spotlight .
he turned them so they faced jace and ash .
she turned and threw herself into ash 's arms and kissed him on the cheek .
mia rolled her eyes and squeezed herself into gabe 's side as ash and jace started arguing .
every nerve ending sparked to life and she could almost feel her body sizzle with electricity , ready to disintegrate into ash if he continued with his sweet , yet aggressive onslaught .
all you have is a pile of ash and blackened rubble . ''
the same way he knew his soul was shriveling up into a heap of ash more and more as each day passed , and there was n't a f**king thing he could do about it .
her head landed against his shoulder , smearing his clothes with soot and ash .
gilda knelt beside him , heedless of the ash blackening her gray gown .
more solders fell , turning to ash before their screams had finished echoing off the cave walls .
the smaller demons curled up into balls of ash and cinder .
their efforts had failed , and all that remained was ash , rot and hunger .
he fired up a bunsen burner and torched her letter until only ash remained .
there 's nothing left but dirt and ash . ''
if it were n't for their physical differences - brown , black , ash , white , auburn fur - i would think they were clones , which would be another problem entirely .
* * * any decently stocked institute should have on hand a selection of all of the weapons mentioned here , in addition to other basic useful combat tools such as : binding wire of silver , gold , and/or electrum ; wooden stakes in oak and ash ; amulets of protection ; assorted holy symbols for major world religions ; and basic magic implements ( chalk , iron filings , small vial of animal blood , etc . ) .
in time the poison will burn away all of the life of the victim , leaving only ash behind .
clary thinks ` ` it was hard to see him like this , all his usual burning energy gone , like witchlight suffocating under a covering of ash . ''
nothing remained of the documents except a fine , white ash .
there would no longer be a purpose in the foundation , and his plans would be reduced to so much ash , just like the original documents .
his blond hair was singed , turned to gray ash .
the harsh soap , a combination of lye mixed with ash and fat , reddened her hands and made her eyes burn .
katie kicked at a small pile of ash that had blown into the parkinglot .
` ` in fact , there are still ships arriving from as far away as australia claiming that the air there was thick with dust and ash when they embarked five months ago .
the ash leaf works the same , though you have to recite a poem .
` ` it goes ' even ash , even ash , i pluck thee off the tree .
` ` it goes ' even ash , even ash , i pluck thee off the tree .
determining that her husband needed all the luck he could get , she stopped to pluck a twig from the birch and then an ash - key from the ash tree before spending several moments hunting until she found an even ash leaf .
determining that her husband needed all the luck he could get , she stopped to pluck a twig from the birch and then an ash - key from the ash tree before spending several moments hunting until she found an even ash leaf .
he recognized clover and ash leaves as well as ash - keys , but had no idea about the branches and twigs strewn throughout .
and then , i had difficulty finding an even ash leaf , and once i did , i could not recall what you were to say as you picked it .
chapter seventeen ash - keys and ash leaves were both considered lucky , but the best ash leaf was an even one - which is how murie found herself up an ash tree when she first heard the sound of hoofbeats .
chapter seventeen ash - keys and ash leaves were both considered lucky , but the best ash leaf was an even one - which is how murie found herself up an ash tree when she first heard the sound of hoofbeats .
chapter seventeen ash - keys and ash leaves were both considered lucky , but the best ash leaf was an even one - which is how murie found herself up an ash tree when she first heard the sound of hoofbeats .
wondering what on earth he was doing , she shook her head as he disappeared into the woods , then quickly climbed down from the tree , collecting some ash - keys as she went .
reaching the patch of clover , murie tucked her precious ash leaf and keys carefully under the belt of her surcoat , wishing she 'd thought to bring a basket , then dropped to her knees to begin her hunt for one of the four - leafed variety .
she 'd spotted it earlier as she 'd looked for an ash .
and now , when she has burned yourbed to a pile of ash , you are ' well pleasedwith herto wife ' ? ''
seven years ago ... ` ` you noticed anything different about ash ? ''
sure , i 'd noticed things about ash lately .
he 'd tell ash and they 'd both laugh their butts off .
ash is ash .
she 's ash .
i grinned , thinking about ash covering her mouth to silence her giggles last night when we 'd snuck down here to fill up the balloons .
` ` as a matter of fact , i think i might just enjoy you digging around in my pockets , ash .
` ` you were my partner in crime , ash .
` ` i did n't know my teasing bothered you , ash .
sure , we all three were friends but ash had been mine .
sorry , this new ashton does n't resemble the ash i once knew .
i want my ash back .
` ` i ' m not asking for your deep dark secrets , ash .
` ` relax , ash .
` ` why did you invite me here tonight , ash ? ''
` ` i do n't bite , ash .
` ` i ca n't do this , ash .
` ` ah , come on , ash .
` ` shhh , it 's okay , ash .
` ` it is n't my blood , ash , '' he reassured me .
` ` come on , ash .
` ` bring ash a coke , '' he called out after her .
` ` you 're shivering , ash , '' he whispered .
` ` you 're gon na have to stop doing that , ash , '' beau whispered huskily and closed the space between us .
` ` i ca n't decide if i like the ash who needed my assistance or the ash who has it under control better .
` ` i ca n't decide if i like the ash who needed my assistance or the ash who has it under control better .
perfect is n't fun , ash . ''
` ` you feel like heaven , ash . ''
` ` i was very aware that you were a girl , ash .
` ` you 're beautiful , ash , '' beau whispered as his hand reached its destination .
you 're not bad , ash .
you 're good , ash .
` ` i 'd thought the ash i knew was completely gone .
i realized my ash was under all the polish and politeness somewhere .
` ` they 'll talk , ash , '' i said carefully , waiting to see if she 'd just been so broken over her grana that she had n't thought about the statement we had made walking out of the church together .
mom was working tonight and i wanted ash in my room .
` ` i ' m sure your ... ash is happy you 're back , '' i said .
` ` ash , something is wrong .
` ` i ' m sorry i was n't here , ash .
the look in ash 's eyes when her gaze had met mine had made every place nicole touched feel cheap and dirty .
` ` what 's going on with you and ash ? ''
` ` nothing is going on with me and ash . ''
` ` damn it , ash .
` ` hey , beau , you and ash got kind of close this summer .
and thanks for picking ash .
i ' m so sorry , ash , please forgive me . ''
` ` alright ash , it 's time for me to kick your hot little ass . ''
you 're his , ash .
i do n't hold it against you but , dammit , ash , it hurts . ''
i ' m sorry , '' ` ` stop it , ash .
` ` you 're so lucky , ash .
i nodded and continued to drink my beer , scanning the crowd for any sign of ash .
breaking up with nic had been the fair thing to do since i was only using her to cope but now there was no distraction to keep me from watching sawyer with ash .
` ` i want to rip his damn arms off his body , ash .
` ` beau was flirting with me and ash did n't like it .
chapter 19 ` ` start at the beginning , ash , and tell me everything . ''
beau knew what he was doing , ash .
i just wanted ash .
the real ash .
sawyer 's words stung but if he 'd taken ash from me then i 'd feel the same way .
i wanted ash though .
in my defense i ' m hurting , ash .
but you kept reacting the way my ash would react .
` ` i do n't hate you , ash .
` ` beau did n't abandon you , ash .
i love the real ash .
no one , ash . ''
you 're safe , ash . ''
` ` do n't do that , ash .
i ' ve had three amazing years with you , ash . ''
you 're mine , ash .
` ` do n't do that ash .
i ' ve had three amazing years with you ash . ''
` ` that 's the way to distract him , ash , '' kayla jenkins hooted from toby 's lap .
without looking back at ash and beau , i walked around my truck and climbed in .
his comment about beau being my cousin was reminder enough that no one really knew me , except beau and ash .
this was somewhere i 'd never eaten with ash .
i always used to have to take up for her with ash and beau .
for starters , you were n't beau 's type and ash would n't have gotten all worked up if he had flirted with you because they 'd mended their fences , '' he shook his head , ` ` guess you were the only reason i believed that story .
that crap with ash and beau , none of it was your fault .
not face beau and ash .
adjusting to beau being a caveman over a girl had been almost as hard as seeing him with ash .
it formed a bond so important that i 'd given up ash without much of a fight in order to preserve .
this year , what ash wanted no longer mattered , so why the hell was i here ?
his eyes did n't leave ash as she chatted happily with the other girls .
her legs were n't tanned like ash 's but they were long and shaped exactly like ashton 's .
i took another drink of my corona while playing around with the idea of getting my mind off ash with lana .
it 's time you moved on from ash before we end up beating the shit out of each other again . ''
` ` you know , i think i will leave with ash and beau , '' i replied , hoping i 'd masked the humiliation in my voice .
just because he had ash did n't make him the smart one .
` ` i promised ash i would n't knock some sense into you tonight .
all i do is piss off ash .
ashton : not tonight i lay back in bed grinning , thinking that ash had just made this game too fun to walk away .
i 'd spent hours teaching her how to board one summer when we were in middle school while ash and beau heckled her from the boat .
it had been us against ash and beau .
granted , i 'd wanted ash as my partner .
the summer before i became quarterback and i got ash .
he has a much better one tucked away under the seats but it 's ash 's .
this had been something ash and i did together .
i ' ve seen sawyer do this with ash many times . ''
i turned back to sawyer , ` ` but ash can do tricks .
yes , i wanted to make ash jealous but the idea of spending time with lana was growing more and more appealing for no other reason than she made me forget .
the ache from thinking about ash and beau was instantly extinguished by red - hot jealousy .
` ` i really thought you 'd never get over ash .
` ` is that ash or lana you 're checking up on ? ''
i reached up and adjusted the mirror just in time to see ash laugh and lay her head over on beau 's shoulder .
` ` sawyer is different with her ash , '' leann said bluntly .
` ` ash going to the restroom , '' i drawled in a bored tone .
` ` no , i ' m not hung up on ash .
you never did that with ash .
the rest of the female population in grove has a thing for sawyer , except for ash , so that was n't a big deal .
when the realization that lana had known beau and ash were messing around behind my back and not told me , i 'd been upset .
me : watching ash pack sawyer : why are n't you packing ?
sawyer chuckled and picked up the extra duffel bag that ash and i had packed with a few things we could n't fit in our backpacks .
` ` ash and lana had a few things that would n't fit in their backpacks .
i think jake and i are going to take the back , '' she paused and looked around , ` ` unless beau and ash are taking it .
` ` just stick ash in your lap beau and scoot over , '' i replied , glancing over at lana who was staring at me with a surprised look in her eyes .
the idea of leaving her in august did n't ache the way it did when i thought of ash being so far away .
you do realize i was n't talking about ash , do n't you ? ''
i wanted her to go away so she would n't see me treating ash with a tenderness no one else had ever brought out in me .
` ` because ash is recovering from her migraine last night and beau is taking care of her .
you did n't sit beside me but i figured you wanted to check on ash . ''
not sure if you ' ve talked to ash but beau cheated on her and she needs me .
i do n't know what surprised me more : beau cheating on ash or sawyer dropping me to fix her problems .
maybe asked for my help with ash .
` ` beau and ash are no longer and sawyer is busy comforting her and helping her nurse her broken heart .
i ca n't think of any female that could ever turn beau vincent 's head from ash .
and ash read it ? ''
where 's ash ? ''
sinking down onto the steps , i pulled my phone out of my pocket and texted ash .
` ` ash is upset but not with me .
` ` why do n't you give us a minute , ash ? ''
plus you ' ve got ash in tears . ''
'cause although you loved ash , she was n't the one .
folding the note lana had left ash into the worn creases where i 'd opened and read it and then folded it again , i slipped it into my pocket .
she thought i still loved ash .
i grabbed my phone so i could look again at the picture ash had texted me from our trip to the mountains .
if beau had n't cheated then ash was still with him .
the day ash thought beau cheated .
no longer was it me , beau and ash against the world .
he was holding the unlit cigarette between his fingers , flicking at it as if to get rid of the ash .
gray ash and yellow flame .
it flared up suddenly , dissolving almost instantaneously into soft gray ash .
she had a kleenex out and was wiping ash - and tears - off cassie 's cheeks .
` ` yes , '' i finally whisper , a dry rasp in the volcanic ash of my throat .
nothing but black soot and ash under the steady orange flame .
together they watched the last bits of paper curl into ash and the microcassette warp and melt .
in the living room , the aged plaid sofa is vacant , and the ash tray on the coffee table is spilling over with cigarette butts .
his grey shirt smells like an ash tray and his breath like beer .
then reaches down and picks up an ashtray from off the floor beside his chair , placing it on his thigh , he taps the ash into it .
he has another drag of his cigarette and slowly blows the smoke out from between his lips , tapping his ash into the ashtray .
resting back in my seat , i take another long pull on my smoke , flicking the ash out the window .
all the lush sensuality and wonder she 'd felt just moments before turned to ash .
a cigarette wobbled between her fingers , spewed ash .
dean let out a low whistle and shook his head as he took the cigarette from his lips and flicked his ash into an ashtray .
he leans his forehead against mine and whispers , ` ` you ' ve always been my wet dream , ash . ''
` ` tell me what you want , ash .
` ` beg for it , ash .
` ` no questions , ash .
` ` i still owe you a punishment , ash .
his voice is deep and dripping with sex , ` ` i want to f**k your face , ash .
beg until i give you what you want , ash . ''
` ` i ' m looking forward to tonight , ash . ''
after closing the door , he turns to me , ` ` i promised that i would n't hurt you , and i mean it , ash .
he tilts his head , studying me , and says , ` ` on some level , you want it , ash .
` ` forever , ash .
you can talk , laugh , moan , or tell me off ... just say something , ash . ''
` ` yeah ... you might want to rethink this , ash . ''
chapter three ` ` the amount of time you 're spending at the hospital is n't healthy , ash , '' liz said , stepping forward in the line .
` ` tell me what 's going on , ash .
` ` um , hey ash , i did n't wake you up , did i ? ''
` ` i ' ve got it under control , ash . ''
` ` he was perfect , ash .
at that moment , an ample - waisted woman with ash gray hair wearing spectacles and an apron over her dress appeared behind bellamy .
the ash was so long it was just a matter of time until it fell away , so i just watched the remaining embers flicker against the paper , trying to keep my mind off of what sinking feelings the music could n't muffle .
one incredible f**k and she 'd somehow taken his memories of other women and burned them to the ground until they were nothing but scattered pieces of ash floating around in his head .
as part of a large clan , he 'd taken part in many such ceremonies , and he knew some of the ash would be powdery enough to fly around if he did n't move slowly .
as she opened the door and walked back into the bedroom , she heard him shoveling ash over the remaining embers in the fireplace .
and later , when mom and meredith had gone inside , nina stood there alone , in the quiet , staring down at a velvety white magnolia blossom dressed in gray ash .
meredith nodded and went out to the winter garden , where nina was photographing the ash - dusted magnolia blossom .
four children stand clustered around her , dressed for winter , their pale faces streaked with ash .
though the windows are closed and blacked out , she can still taste ash on her tongue , still smell that strange burned sweetness in the smoke .
twenty - three the silence that followed was so thick and gray meredith expected to taste ash .
this general gau stood on the rise just long enough for you to wonder what it was he was looking at down there in the settlement , and the settlement disappeared , turned into ash and fire by what seemed like a thousand beams of light stabbing down from what we were told were hundreds of spaceships floating high above the colony .
yoga pants and one loafer , one open - toed shoe make me look like mrs . mccullahay down the street , dragging her trashcans out to the road at 5 a.m. with mismatched shoes , a mu - mu , and curlers in her hair while an inch - long ash hangs out of her mouth .
she held onto it for several seconds , making sure it would burn every last word , then she tossed the remains in her empty sink where it finished burning and turned into nothing but ash .
washing the ash down the garbage disposal gave her an increased relaxation in her shoulder muscles .
when it was warm enough , she stepped under the spray and tilted her head back , feeling better almost immediately as the black ash began washing down the drain .