i hold her hand and her gaze the entire time - through every wince and every teeth clench , every smile - as beans carves a small round symbol into her body .
` ` he 's not who i 'd have chosen for you , but i want you to be happy , bean .
` ` what are you cooking up there in that bean of yours ? ''
` ` what are you thinking up there in that bean of yours ? ''
taking a deep breath and reminding myself that i was n't a fucking pussy , i opened the door to the coffee bean and walked toward a booth in the back of the shop where my dad was seated .
look , i realize my opinion does n't count for beans to you or anyone else in this room .
there has been speculation bean and his meka were killed in the illegal meka battle arena , nightshop .
i t - propel us over each ceiling bean then plop on the ceiling ledge .
the skinwalker had smacked my bean against hardwood and knocked something loose .
the wall is a solid mass formation positioned between the two sun - solar systems composed of rock , space debris , and floating crappy trash in the universe while my red bean reverses then taps with a precision one of the many ships , causing an engine to overheat and prettily explode in my face taking out all the pretty ships in a big red , yellow , blue ball of fiery ashes .
tell me about it , bean .
not quite always , bean .
where is he , bean ?
you just want to leave it in there , bean ?
wellshe looked sort of like bean said she did when he saw her .
yeah , bean , like whom pray tell ?
yeah , bean , when ?
and he s more like two of you and five of bean .
what s come over you , bean ?
you really seem fascinated by that , bean .
okay , bean , you re right .
i just thought of something , bean , richie said .
pins and needles then , okay , bean ?
i figured i d get bean here to come in looking for me , and he did .
yeah , sure , bean , you re forgiven .
what are you a sociologist now , bean ?
i figured bean would be pissing in his panties .
are you kidding , bean !
that s not funny at all , bean .
yeah , that makes perfect sense , bean , richie replied .
why are you so interested in that guy , bean ?
you really , really are strange , bean .
just keep me out of your books , bean , okay ?
you think i m afraid of your brother , bean ?
i m looking forward to finding out , bean !
come by tonight , bean , and ill tell you all about it .
do you really , bean ?
okay , bean , lay it on me .
you re kidding me , bean !
be careful , bean , okay ?
okay , bean , spit it out .
calm down , bean .
you okay , bean ?
is that you , bean ?
what do you think , bean ?
so , bean , i sure hope you were taking notes .
well , no surprise there , bean , because she did nt tell them who she was .
best at everything , bean , mike replied with a chuckle .
are you serious , bean ?
when was he ever ahead , bean ?
i know that , bean .
ill see you tomorrow , bean .
one day you will , bean , trust me .
you re not going to fill me in then , bean ?
dad will get over it , bean , mike said as if he was reading my mind .
come on , bean , of course she does .
yes , bean , i did .
why , bean , why ?
i can really believe that , bean .
yeah , i knowbut she s completely off her rocker , bean ... trust me .
nothing much , bean .
it reminded me of a huge silver bean that reflected everything like a mirror .
my beans ached .
' jack is the only human bean all giants is frightened of , ' the bfg told her .
he rides into the desert on an honorable quest and rides out as the outlaw chili beans bartlett .
i ' ve bumped my bean on every beam in every inn from lannisport to king 's landing , might be it 's time my size earned me a bit of coin instead of just a lumpy head .
all right , calm down , bean face .
the thought parked there in his little bean .
the nondescript guy came back this way and stopped at bean me up scottys .
she did n't want any pictures of her by the bean .
i slept fitful y that night , dreaming about wars and demons and of bean .
` ` this being so in tune with you and bean that i ' m missing important things like a bomb on your car is also a negative . ''
i knew my human eyes would n't have been able to make out the dark blur several miles ahead , but bean gave me focus i might not otherwise have had .
think bean 's trying to tel us something ? ''
i cried for kim , and for the pain , and for fear of what would happen once bean was vulnerable .
it 's basically this big reflective metal bean that you can walk under and see yourself all distorted .