he had woken me up with breakfast in bed , bringing me an omelet with fresh avocado and a side of strawberries from a local farm .
penne pasta , sun - dried tomatoes , artichokes , avocados , tomatoes , feta cheese , and a handful of arugula came together with fresh basil and olive oil in a bowl to make a little piece of heaven .
` ` if i had a dollar for every guy who was ' different , ' '' brooke said , grabbing an avocado to slice , ` ` well , i 'd have that prada bag i want . ''
brooke silently finished her avocado and put it in a bowl .
she had a smear of avocado on her cheek .
thick french bread layered with turkey , bacon , avocados , cheese , lettuce , tomatoes , and some sort of creamy sauce awaited me .
` ` and the avocado ?
instead of responding , she popped an avocado roll in her mouth and chewed until even the rice was pulverized .
devon stared as if allison said she wanted to squeeze orange juice from an avocado .
all the ingredients for a very tasty salad were sitting on the sink - lettuce , tomato , capsicum , avocado , cucumber , a bottle of italian dressing .
they had just started their entree - a smoked salmon parcel containing crab and avocado and tomato - when james ellicott led his party into the restaurant , making a somewhat boisterous entrance .
i get out of the bath , dry myself down , lather my skin with some lotion that has honey and extracts of avocado in and lie on the bed reading .
i showed him how to put on some chicken , the corn salsa , a drizzle of sour cream , a sprinkle of shredded cheese and a couple slices of avocado on the tortilla and fold it .
chicken tacos with avocado and corn salsa , was my new pregnant comfort food .
i popped a chunk of avocado in my mouth and savored it .
five ` ` avocado , salmon , and cream cheese , '' flynn said as he slid a plate loaded with the world 's biggest omelette in front of me .
diced avocado , cubed cream cheese , and something else i do n't recognize neatly cover a small cutting board off to one side .
if you trust me to do it , i 'll pick up the avocado and snow peas from mort sanger over there .
turkey , strips of crisp bacon , avocado spread , gruyere cheese , and thick slices of tomato marinated in vinaigrette .
and i 'd like avocado , sprouts and cilantro on it too . ''
large avocado stone eyes stared up , from a sallow , dirty face that had cheekbones just a little too prominent for a boy of what kizzy estimated to be nine or ten years old .
the scent of avocado and salt hit her nose and she cringed .
how else would they have known to use arrowheads carved from the pit of an avocado and dipped in salt rather than bullets ?
i 'll make all of the sandwiches you ever want with extra avocado and everything .
` ` extra avocado , '' he adds for good measure .
` ` extra avocado ? ''
i 'll have to figure out a way to pay ellis back for this spectacular brand of avocado based torment .
miles of avocado trees swing gently with the breeze as if trying to comfort me , as if saying you ' ve still got us .
i ' ve plied both our faces with enough avocado and raw egg to make any omelet jealous .
` ` this is our mojito marinated halibut with mango , avocado and black bean salsa , served with the 2009 midsummer 's white .
she knew it for certain when they did n't order but were served a pre - ordered , delectable meal of lobster , shrimp and avocado salad followed by individual beef wellingtons and finished with decadent , rich , dark chocolate pots .
halved avocados filled with succulent shrimp to start then fillet steaks , steamed broccoli , brussel sprouts , boiled potatoes and carrots and to end , a fruit parfait separated with layers of thick , rich , honey - sweetened greek yogurt .
you , '' ralphie pointed to me , ` ` need to go smush up avocado for the guacamole .
` ` i need to go smush avocado , '' i told him , feeling like an idiot .
pushing several boxes out of the way , she slid the old mirror from the spare bedroom to the left , and the avocado bathroom accessories that had once decorated the upstairs bathroom to the right , to reach the stuff piled behind .
` ` it 's an aloe - based avocado mask , '' bubbles said .
with an effort of will , she picked up a fork and stabbed a slice of the avocado on her plate .
isabel finished munching the avocado slice and swallowed .
in fact , i felt so good after half an hour of the four of us being nice to one another , and with some avocado in my stomach , that i was able to do my part on the date by calling up extroverted gemma .
i kept busy all afternoon : cutting up fruit for a salad , setting out plates and bowls and silverware for everyone , mixing up a batch of margaritas to go with the guacamole i made with avocados from my trees in back , and i was just putting the finishing touches on a cheese platter when jack blew in .
he laughed and grabbed an avocado to slice for the salad .
i looked out at the backyard and saw that my avocado trees were full of fruit .
in pure southern california fashion , that afternoon for a snack i had an avocado , dressed simply with salt , pepper , and fresh lemon juice from my own trees .
i sucked lollipops , moaned in ecstasy when biting into a donut , and simpered like a fool while holding two avocados in the same hand while caressing an eggplant with the other .
the avocado appliances had been removed , but the new ones not yet delivered .
i looked around for a chair , found an avocado green monstrosity behind one of the two empty metal desks , and sank into it .
i could see through the house to the kitchen and the avocado green stove and refrigerator .
it was an avocado .
once the bottles were filled , the three of us set off toward the plane , nash and i eating an avocado in record time .
` ` i found some fruit , '' duke said , holding out some fresh mangos and an avocado .
eat the avocado .
when i glanced back at duke , he 'd managed to split open the avocado , exposing the light green and ripened flesh .
the avocado i ate earlier threatened to make a second appearance .
she came into the room like an avocado green tidal wave , earrings dangling like sliced lime wedges .
all brady could see was a stack of boxes and old shelving with floral contact paper on it in avocado green and brown .
the bathroom steam was so thick it almost muted the avocado green tile of the outdated bathroom .
` ` an avocado and tomato sandwich on foccacia bread . ''
` ` avocados and tomatoes , '' i sighed .
come on ; let 's find avocados and tomatoes . ''
` ` it 's a pregnant thing , '' i salted the sliced avocado and tomato on my plate .
they have grapefruit , orange , nanna , mango , pineapple , avocado and round melons , i sent to lendill .
i find some ham in the fridge , and in the crisper a perfectly ripe avocado .
as i am adding a touch of salt and lemon to the mashed avocado , christian emerges from his study with the plans for the new house in his hands .
boyce picked out a beer - battered avocado slice and dipped it into the salsa .
there was a communal bathroom at the end of the upstairs corridor , where the sanitary - ware was a non - ironic avocado and the pink soap was bisected by dark grey fissures .
after her morning run and workout , jen sits at her avocado console and sips coffee as her half - smoked joint smolders in the ashtray .
as jenny flicked on her avocado console , skip came in with a steaming cup of coffee .
before shutting down her avocado , jen sent mike an email timed for the next morning at 6:00 am .
she is going set up the avocado for you , being a real whiz at this .
once inside they saw that the new avocado was up and running .
morgan park , 2:30 pm jenny , clad in a black bikini , unbuttoned hawaiian shirt , and giants baseball cap , sits at her avocado console , a cup of skippy 's coffee at her reach .
is your avocado still on ?
we even fried mimi 's avocado consoletoast !
boffin syznic , from his journal sunday , july 28 , 12:40 am special agent v sat at his avocado console in his nasty cubicle at the federal building , and took stock .
after double checking that he had his flashdrives stashed safely in the empty magazine of his nine millimeter smith and wesson , he deleted the damning files on the c drive of the avocado .
6:15 pm , berkeley dr . lori dryer sat at her avocado workstation and contemplated her dilemma .
the last time the fester tails and i checked up on lady yarn , she was in the midst of slurping down an almond avocado aficionado snow cone .
oh , this is delicious , said amy , taking a bite of a round curried potato stuffed with avocado .
it wo n't be same ol ' avocado feature week - in week - out , either !
we should have a shindiglio with the final four and a super - max style taco bar with four fruits of the adaptable avocado ! ''
they also provided avocado salads and veggie pitas for people like kaitlyn .
flaming bush , replied natty , from under her avocado moisturizing face - mask .
her avocado mask rendered her blind , but she could hear heavy breathing and grunting , and smelled beer and peppermints .
the black widow sits at her avocado console and sips from a mug of coffee , as vice president jennifer morgan paces around in circles at midnight , deep in thought .
another day was winding down at the southern california gaea carbon exchange nerve center , when day shift manager judy baggins snuck a forbidden peek at the eco - tittler on her avocado console ( at least she was nt peeking at porn or nosebook ) and when she saw marsha portreros provocative headline , she could not believe her eyes : once an oil pig , always an oil pig : enviro phony mel trunkdale signs $ 500 million deal with skeik aziz , united oil emirates judy thought it was surely a joke , and looked around to see if any of her co - workers were snickering and slapping five at once again getting her goat with an amusing cyber prank .
lastly , i cleared my desktop dropchute , removed the c drive and the micro - processor from the avocado , and shoved everything into my backpack .
that turned out to be a good thing , because i was fortunate enough to meet wookie arundel of avocado at a job fair , and he told me to give him a call .
the wookie was ( and still is ) a good guy , but stefan ( like so many other visionaries ) was extremely intense and unstable , and hell , you only live once , and many of us at avocado could not stand in his heat for very long .
mr . lee was attended by a doctor and a nurse , and his p-4 frequency was monitored , via gidget and a modified avocado console , along with the ten test subjects who were directed to inhale the mixture and concentrate on mr . lee , who then manifested and projected the image of the blue sun .
the queen nodded to the bonny black prince , who stepped up and removed a sleek avocado eyefone from henry 's coat pocket .
i stifled a sob and stumbled like a naked zombie over to my avocado workstation and there it was , just where i knew it would be , taped to the monitor .
one of the spooks inserted a flashdrive into the front of my avocado .
the spook over by my avocado removed the flashdrive , and then promptly shoved the console and monitor off the workstation and onto the floor with a deafening crash .
president jennifer morgan the meltdown of stephan trabajo my recollections of the historic avocado corporation party , august 23 1992 , at hesses hofbrau , cupertino ca by yogi patmos this was the occasion of the historic meltdown between stefan trabajo and wookie arundel , co - founders of the avocado computer corporation .
it was in his treehouse that the first avocado prototype had been built .
unfortunately , the first casualties in this death - match were 15 avocado employees , publicly fired by stefan at the now infamous hofbrau ' massacre ' .
it was just an asshole thing to do , right in front of the gathered avocado employees and their families .
some of the more ' enhanced ' avocado employees rapped their beer steins in time on the tabletops , and drunkenly sang along to ' ode to joy ' .
let 's all hear it for the avocado troika !
this gizmo in my hand has the words avocado troika imprinted right on the front of it , signifying that this is in compliance with avocado 's strictest standards and has been approved to be regarded as such .
question : which one of you bumpkins authorized putting the holy name of avocado on this unfinished , unapproved application ?
tell me kurt , just what does this thing do , this thingy with the avocado name on it .
all of us are on a first name basis here at the avocado corporation , like one big family .
this idiot , and the rest of these idiots up here , have insulted , not only meand youbut the entire avocado family with this piece of shitthats right , kurt , this piece of shit !
and you have the audacity to actually call this piece of shit with the avocado name and logo on it a buddy , right in my fucking face ?
a lot of avocado employees just did n't know what to do , as stefan lay on his back and moaned and coughed harshly .
when stefan began to snore , a mind - present busboy covered him with a tablecloth , and then the spooked - out avocado employees made a beeline for the exits , although they all were quiet and orderly .
even though the troika flopped , avocado went on to bigger and better things .
to the north , he could see the avocado orchard that began at the end of the property .
it shifted and drove the flames out into the avocado orchard to the north .
outdoors on the patio she had charley broiling t - bone steak in a charcoal pit , while inside she fixed hors d'oeuvres of minced clams and cream cheese baked on english muffins , martinis , avocado salad , baked potatoes , italian beans from their freezer that they had originally grown themselves ... and , for dessert , huckleberries that they had picked the summer before somewhere out near the point .
the island of gareda looked like a big avocado immersed in the water , with jagged edges along the shore .
he had already sprinkled the brandy - soaked raisins and grain beneath the stunted avocado tree behind the house , and he was arranging the scented woods , the herbs , and the spices on the bed of charcoal .
the bird landed in the avocado tree .
the sunbird perched on a branch of the avocado tree , in a patch of sun .
zebediah t. crawcrustle walked over to the sunbird , which , with a great effort of will , was staggering back and forth on the mud beneath the avocado tree , not tripping over its long legs .
that 's one big avocado . ''
he went back to his desk and ate his lunch with his colleagues , a sandwich he 'd made himself that morning , avocado and tomato - no recession in his fridge .
when she pulled it open , she found herself squinting in the noon sunlight that filtered through the avocado tree branches .
they wo n't be getting the avocado shrimp starters or the sherry trifle . ''
i saw a few avocado trees and stumpy pineapple plants in the same area . ''
` ` you want to try some avocado on it ?
her avocado skin had a ridged texture like corduroy , her graying hair was shaggy and matted , and her build bordered on obese .
she nibbled on a salad and an avocado and bacon sandwich when she remembered the odd phone call from earlier .
john and i will have the aguacate con gamba that is the avocado and prawns , martin said .
i was thinking about making portabella mushroom paninis with balsamic vinaigrette , sliced tomatoes , avocados and provolone cheese .
i went to the grocery store and bought boxes of vegetables and super fruits : kale , spinach , avocados , tomatoes , blue berries , red peppers .
stellas was a popular store in pemota that specialized in selling avocado products , everything from avocado dip to avocado lime salad .
the avocado orchard in back grew many varieties of avocados , including hass , bacon , reed , pinkerton , and fuerte .
the avocado orchard in back grew many varieties of avocados , including hass , bacon , reed , pinkerton , and fuerte .
der had said that he wanted to get an avocado from stellas even though it was midnight .
that 's an avocado orchard .
well , it 's a store with an avocado orchard in back .
joe said they were acting weird and that they wanted an avocado for some reason .
they wrote an hass avocado on the parking lot with tree branches they snapped off the trees .
the weird thing is joe called me a few days later and said none of the avocados were on the trees except a couple .
joe said there was a van parked in the woods behind the trees and some guys with big plastic bags had taken the avocados .
huxley broke into the store and then for no reason , huxley told joe , der started trying to put avocados back on the trees .
it was a bottle of avocado juice .
looza avocado juice .
rey picked up the avocado juice and aba stood up .
he opened the avocado juice , making sure to hear the pop indicating it had not already been opened , and let the sugary liquid flow down his throat as he walked to the car .
she did nt give everyone a bottle of looza avocado juice and tell them they were going to meet the avocadites .
he got isabel to buy cases of looza avocado juice whenever at albertsons supermarket .
he made it his favorite drink and fellow classmates could count on rey to be wearing adidas and carrying a bottle of looza avocado .
sometimes people said , why does rey naresh always drink looza avocado ?
from then on , his looza avocado juice was with him regardless of public opinion .
many places in pemota liked to brag about the fact that pemota was one of the major avocado producing regions in the country .
there was a popular restaurant downtown that called itself au bon avocado .
looza avocado juice bottles were arranged on the shelf , their significance still eluding him .
rey smiled and pulled a bottle of avocado juice out of his backpack .
we sent nadines puppies home with their tails between their legs , rey tilted his avocado juice up and drank .
it was au bon avocado -- a health food restaurant that utilized such a name to capitalize on pemotas pride in their popular export .
they walked into au bon avocado which resembled a frat homes basement .
he thought his resistance to electronic devices reacting with him had something to do with the drink aba had given him : looza avocado .
when rey awoke friday morning , he looked up at the avocado juice bottles on his bookshelf , and reminded himself not to drink any tap water .
if looza avocado was given to him by aba brule , rey thought , how would mountain springs be any different ?
i saw a big field of avocado trees .
my fondest memory of spring was giving me an avocado every day before class .
i will always cherish the days , when i received an avocado from spring .
it started with the avocado orchard in back of stellas in seventh grade , rey said .
he told them how there were guys taking the avocados from the orchard and how huxley and der had written a hass avocado on the parking lot .
he told them how there were guys taking the avocados from the orchard and how huxley and der had written a hass avocado on the parking lot .
since aba brule told rey his mother was isabel and gave him a bottle of looza avocado juice , he s not the chosen one to suffer while the medication goes global .
spring delivered an avocado to the front office -- on the counter -- with a note : a hass avocado .
ashley told me , one day , when spring went to deliver her avocado , there was something different .
a gold avocado was sitting on the counter .
she said that her gold avocado was stolen and wanted to know if anyone had any information .
my avocado is nt gold .
the avocado i chose has festered , spring said .
it was a drink with a label on it that said , a bottle of avocado juice .
but she said he let her into school early to give the avocado to alexa on the counter .
then jocelyn said , after i heard the story , i wanted to know what the avocado represented to spring .
she saw the trees had retained a smattering of avocados even during the winter .
we know frank brule was the janitor who let spring into school to deliver the avocado every day to alexa .
i used the looza avocado juice to motivate you the same way alexa is using the list of avocadites to motivate the ninth grade .
the tutor locked spring in the cafeteria with a stack an inch high of math problems and the crate of the drink called a bottle of avocado juice , from spring .
is it lemon juice because its supposed to be the taste of decaying avocados ?
one was a picture of a garden of decaying avocados .
alexa is still looking for the gold avocado .
where is the gold avocado ?
brianna gave her a little smile and then scanned the rest of the avocado labels .
rey had said huxley and der wrote a hass avocado on the parking lot with sticks .
there , at the end of the row of avocado varieties was another box of hass avocados .
there , at the end of the row of avocado varieties was another box of hass avocados .
and there , inside , was springs gold avocado .
i believe you have springs gold avocado in your possession , he d said .
then once she was in the car he patted her down and withdrew the gold avocado from her jacket .
you got the avocado ?
bring the avocado to the electric company .
rey walked over to christys avocado .
rey looked at annettes avocado .
he walked over to an avocado near the center of the room .
sure enough , behind huxleys decaying avocado was a stencil of the words american bully .
this is why , she said , remembering the image of a garden of decaying avocados , rey saw during the emdr session .
did you find the avocado ?
what avocado you choose will indicate the course of action alexa takes .
the six avocados were the gold avocado , the hass avocado , and four other varieties .
the six avocados were the gold avocado , the hass avocado , and four other varieties .
that s why alexa wanted the gold avocado , brianna said .
she s hoping viola chooses the hass avocado which means shell still proceed with her plan .
if viola chooses the gold avocado , it will mean loyalty to spring and alexa is going to fight back against god for giving her zara by turning off the grid .
what s still left for us in the garden of avocados is our uniqueness .
as frank went one by one , avocado after avocado , he thought about what impact his note on reys math book at the beginning of the school year had had .
he was on avocado number 22 and moving quickly .
she chose the hass avocado .
tell her she chose the gold avocado , rey said .
then he said to alexa , she chose the gold avocado .
at the reservoir , annette reached into her backpack and withdrew an avocado .
rey took the avocado and paused , choosing his words .
christy handed an avocado to annette .
rey reached into his backpack and pulled out springs gold avocado .
no more looza avocado .
i made a homemade avocado mask and we both applied it to our faces .
shelley smiled as they emerged from the pantry a few minutes later , laden with bread , tomato , avocado , onion , a jar of pepperoncini , two bags of chips , and a bag of oreos .
we shared a can of soup , some green tea , an avocado and a couple of energy bars she had .
hey , sorry but my other friend wanted to add to the order just an avocado salad .
and a side of avocado .
and inside , all the food i could eat : bananas and aa berries and avocados and coconuts .
black - bean sliders with avocado slices ?
inside he picks up a package of flour tortillas , mozzarella , sour cream , a ripened avocado and a jar of tomato salsa .
split a turkey bacon avocado ?
the knife cut through the fabric of the sweater as if it were made of nothing more than the soft insides of an avocado .
the special today is a blt with avocado , if you want it .
while mademoiselle is enjoying the strawberries , i will have half an avocado pear with a little french dressing .
he paused while the strawberries came and the avocado pear .
then he 's roasting a pitiful little sucking pig and making an avocado pear salad and we 're to finish up with guavas and coconut cream .
he finished his lunch with half an avocado with french dressing and then dawdled over his espresso .
` ` the avocado is attractive , '' the old guy said .
martin had told me to pick what i liked , as long as avocado green , gold , and raspberry pink were n't included .
i had just sliced three avocados and was currently in the process of scooping out the meaty fruit into a bowl .
i mixed it all together with the avocado , and i think i might have drooled a little on my shirt .
trina simms lived in a one - story house the color of an avocado .
` ` you want an avocado wrap ? ''
every menu item seemed to feature avocado .
in some places they make their orderly little farms as they have always done , to grow thick yams , or lush green avocados , red peppers , and corn .
a rich , sliced avocado followed .
huge and leaning and dripping with hollandaise sauce and ripe avocado slices .
she was n't really all that hungry after the popcorn and coke she 'd had at the show , so she made do with an avocado and tomato sandwich and a glass of milk .
they grow tomatoes , avocados , potatoes and other things to sell locally .
avocado trees , fruit trees , nut trees - they grew in huge groves and many had only the barest beginnings of fruit upon them .
it 's smoked salmon with cream cheese and sliced avocado .
the hills were covered with hundreds of avocado trees , and every once in a while , a coyote would wander down and terrorize the residents of some nearby gated community .
once i apprise him of the fact , dad and i begin to press food on mom - jars of cashews , buttered blueberry muffins , turkey sandwiches topped with avocado .
and avocados are a fruit .
` ` did we decide avocados are green or yellow ? ''
` ` i ' ve already filled all my green fruit slots today , but if you tell me avocados are yellow , i ' m in business . ''
everyone dug into the chicken , while i devoured an avocado , mozzarella , spinach , and tomato salad .
` ` i made the margherita ones you like , along with the avocado , '' he said .
as i weave around the other customers in the vegetable aisle , i pick up an avocado and toss it to kiara .
after serving him a plate of chicken enchiladas and guacamole , i realized that i should have followed the recipe and mixed the avocado by hand instead of blending it in a mixer .
` ` i ' ve been in an avocado . ''
the twins misunderstood and claire came running for eureka , wondering why dad had been in an avocado .
he held an avocado , his arm cocked back .
he tossed the avocado into the air before he jogged away .
i look around at the huge frescoes of different vegetables painted on the orange wall behind jeffrey 's head : a giant avocado , four big tomatoes , an enormous green pepper .
zebediah t. crawcrustle walked over to the sunbird , which , with a great effort of will , was walking back and forth on the mud beneath the avocado tree , not tripping over its long legs .
so i 'd polished off another of isabella 's customized delicious dinners at the bar - fish tacos , along with tiny avocado bean cakes - and afterward she 'd let me go without a word .
but there was an ... an emptiness inside , the way there was when you chunked out the pit of an avocado then scooped out all the soft innards , leaving only skin .
and in the middle of it , the server brought us all passion fruit iced tea , and she gave my mother some fancy crepes , and she gave my father an omelet with avocados , and she gave me a waffle with a cole st . clair smile drawn on it with whipped cream .
when gansey plucked a digital recorder out of the mess , a pizza receipt ( one large deep - dish , half sausage , half avocado ) fluttered to the seat , joining a half - dozen receipts identical except for the date .
every time he 'd stayed with her , her fridge had held barely anything more than an egg and half an avocado .
an hour after nightfall , the tall woman who had befriended prissi , whose name she had learned was safiatou , and three other sailors waited until a dilapidated hack , painted a blackish - green color that reminded prissi of an overly ripe avocado , slalomed up and hovered ten centimeters above the battered asphalt .
the last room had a dozen fruit trees , already bearing ; oranges , lemons , apples , a peach tree and an avocado tree were in sealed plastic containers ready for shipment .
mindy said , and a table , and some little flowersnot avocado green !
the tall avocado tree and pink protea bushes were still glistening from the summer rainstorm the night before .
[ aragornx ] whispers : puhleaze pretty with a avocado on it you whisper to [ aragornx ] : avocado ?
her father pointed out lemons , avocados , sour apples , reddened grapefruit and different kinds of walnuts , pecans and almonds hanging from the wispy looking branches .
go far enough south there are orange trees , lemon trees , and those squashy green guys , look like pears- '' ` ` avocados . ''
they 're like avocados trying to grow in wild rice country . ''
with ugly orange bedspreads , an avocado green carpet , and faux wood paneled walls .
' try again , mr- ' ' dark avocado , mr white . '
said mr dark avocado , who was n't entirely sure that it was .
' try again , then , mr dark avocado . '
mr dark avocado , with great reluctance , reached down towards the supine figure 's mouth .
' what is in its mouth , mr dark avocado ? '
with considerable effort , they pried mr dark avocado 's fingers loose .
mr dark avocado ? '
mr dark avocado found that a little voice in the back of his head screamed at the thought of this , while mr white went on : ' what other foodstuffs are there ? '
he was sporting an avocado green suit and the grimly assessing gaze she was getting too familiar with .
the bathtub was an old one , an unusual shade of avocado green .
the waffle house came in the usual yellow , brown , and orange color scheme , bringing back all that nostalgia for avocado appliances and rust - colored shag carpeting from my childhood .
it appeared to be the only living thing in this still - life , its leaves long and green and narrow , gleaming like the leaves of a freshly oiled avocado plant .
after laura made a particularly luscious salad , of lettuce , tomato , and avocado tossed in the most delicate olive oil with herbs , they sat down to dinner in the breakfast room and reuben , as usual , devoured everything in sight while jim touched a little of this and a little of that .
then she added the wine vinegar and reuben tossed more and then she served up this salad with sliced avocados and thin sliced tomatoes , and soft warm french bread from the oven , and they ate it together .
lisa stocked the refrigerator for him with yogurt , fresh fruit , avocados , tomatoes , and all the raw stuff he ate all day .
it 's not that her old cutlass supreme was horrible , even though the avocado green made it look like some sort of ' 70s time machine .
her mouth watered at the avocado pears laden with more prawns in a tart lime and coriander sauce .
rainee was a tiny woman , bigger than the vegan , and not a vegan herself , and he was depending on her to drive while he saved his strength for the heavy avocado lifting and unloading later in the day .
it 's crab meat with avocado and carrots . ''
she was playing with the space command gadget , and the tv switched from channel to channel , displaying its seven - thirty wares : ` ` to tell the truth , '' snow , ` ` what 's my line , '' ` ` i dream of jeannie , '' ` ` gilligan 's island , '' snow , ` ` i love lucy , '' snow , snow , julia child making something with avocados that looked a little like dog whoop , ` ` the new price is right , '' snow , and then back to garry moore , who was daring the panel to discover which of the three contestants was the real author of a book about what it was like to be lost for a month in the forests of saskatchewan .
in the back of the limo were two dozen avocados , a crate of cucumbers , ditto oranges , ditto grapefruit .
he tossed a peeled avocado to her .
she looked at the peeled avocado that was oozing green in her hand .
and an avocado for breakfast , really ?
does it taste like avocado and kiwi ?
hers is like a ripe , pitted avocado on a warm summer ... janice ( interrupting ) is there anything else i can help you with , sir ?
send your artsy friend out for breakfast sandwiches and to get the hippie chick something with avocado ; hippie chicks love green shit .
the adults would all grab a cup of coffee from the avocado green percolator and huddle around a communal table .
veda sensed that exotic foodstuffs here at the junction would include such wild treats as piccalilli and mayonnaise and that consequently to ask for ciabatta with coronation chicken or a granary cob with avocado , tuna and sweetcorn or a pitta stuffed with spinach and ricotta might merely invite a drop of the jaw and a closer inspection of the jambresian teeth .
he persuaded you to take a look at their new avocado suite with gold - plated taps .
* * * * the kitchen had that familiar avocado - green tinge , the orange linoleum curling at the edges , the reminder that this was all new in the 70s .
a minute later the girl returned with an avocado and sprouts sandwich and a green salad without cheese .
he takes out of the basket two turkey avocado sandwiches ( which he made himself that morning ) , two bottles of cranberry juice ( his favourite flavor ) , and two cups of pro - biotic strawberry yogurt ( does nt hurt to impress her with his awareness of healthy eating ) .
i was shocked that one avocado costs five dollars .
i had the durban lamb curry , and hawk had the tuna avocado tartare with spinach .
bill thinks you should move to mexico and work an avocado farm , mrs . sutherland reminds me .
we declined the hors doeuvresa huge bowl of chips , beside it a smaller bowl of haphazardly concocted guacamole , with bits and pieces of avocado skin included .
chopped grilled chicken , greens , and a tiny sliver of avocado in a low - carb , whole - grain wrap .
at that moment , a bolt of lightning sent down an avocado tree to where i ve been standing .
she briefly recollects the droll ache of that day every time the avocado rotary sends its angry clang through the hansen house , infiltrating the silence they ve gotten so accustomed to , insisting on reminding them that bad news is always waiting , adjacent to the front door .
she was entranced by the size of the house , the rolling hills dotted with avocado trees , the spectacular view .
oh , just call 9 - 1 - 1 , willow said , pointing toward the rotary avocado colored phone on the counter .
even the tub was yellow , with avocado trim .
ronnie was midway through her avocado omelet and on her fourth phone call when cheryl and catherine passed her table .
and for you our specialty - avocado omelet .
i was nt sure what made this californian except there seemed to be a lot of sun - dried tomatoes , avocados , and pine nuts advertised as showing up in dishes .
she was serenely using her fork to poke at the salad uncovering the goodies that had been included with the bleu cheese and blackened steak slicessun - dried tomatoes and avocados , no doubt .
darren grabbed a slice of avocado and smeared it against her forehead .
the salad was edible , but it had been devoid of avocado , shredded colby had taken the place of the roquefort cheese , and the only dressing they had was prepackaged pouches of ranch .
she loves apples and carrots , and she especially likes avocado . ''
long chandelier avocado colored earrings glistened .
icing smeared on gias open palm and the sleeve of her avocado green shirt .
the place was a square stucco pillbox the color of a rotting avocado , but it had withstood hurricanes , termites , and countless keg parties .
oh , and the avocado stove and fridge .
the avocado appliances straight out of the seventies and the chipped formica counter top in the kitchen would be replaced by stainless steel and granite .
she made two slices of toast with cheese , orange marmalade and a sliced avocado , and carried her breakfast into the living room in time for the 6.30 television news .
i got one with roast beef , one with turkey and dijon mustard , and one vegetarian with avocado , not knowing your preference . ''
and i ' ve tried to do the same ` ` eat this '' bit , but she gives me a look like i ' m crazy for suggesting an avocado , and then she dodges me with word games that spin my head .
i grabbed the avocado from her and looked at it , a little confused .
` ` dice these first , then i 'll show you how to cut the avocado . ''
she finished showing me how to cut up the avocado and had me grab bowls and plates while she finished up whatever was on the stove .
who knew you could combine avocado and horseradish and produce this ?
when i opened my car door , an avocado with the squirrel - sized bite rolled down the hill with a skit skit skoot , popping up on a crack in the pavement and landing on the asphalt .
a cloud - high avocado tree shaded the block , spitting its bounty onto the sidewalk .
turning his flashlight to low beam , he entered and was not surprised to find the kitchen an avocado nightmare .
then you focus on the inside , one room at a time , starting with that avocado nightmare that 's your kitchen . ''
she threw her arms out , narrowly missing slamming one into her avocado fridge .
her kind of crazy is like the avocado kind of crazy - the good kind .
a traditional cuban meal was spread out on that white linen tablecloth , complete with a citrusy salad of avocados , tomatoes and red onion on a bed of green lettuce , coated with a drizzle of lemon juice and olive oil .
i want to make my tomato and green bean salad , spicy cucumber slaw and chocolate - filled raspberries , but i always get avocados , broccoli , spinach , and cauliflower too .
local officials in suits occupied tables under the avocado trees , studying laminated plastic menus in bright colors .
do nt forget the radishes and avocado .
blake had an impressive collection of rock posters hanging on his walls : a rolling stones poster with a pair of dice on it , an the offspring poster that was black , red and yellow and had their logo of a skull with flames on top of its head , a green day poster with psychedelic colors and the guitarist on it , a sex pistols poster that was black and white and that had a picture of the queen of england on it and the words : god save the queen - sex pistols , a led zeppelin poster with an avocado with eyes on it , a tom petty poster that read : wanted tom petty : heartbreakers , a pink floyd poster with a flying pig on it , a red hot chili peppers poster with a grinning green demon eating a chili pepper , and an old beatles poster .
no , you re seeing an avocado , hunter said again .
an avocado ?
an avocado .
i do nt see an avocado .
so what you re trying to say is that i m an avocado ?
yes , you re an avocado , he confirmed .
you re an avocado .
stop with the avocado .
hunter , on the other hand , could nt believe the woman he named avocado was actually the young mans date .
and then he miraculously saw her , the avocado woman , aimlessly walking down that narrow road , ambling towards town like she had amnesia .
why was he even concerned about the welfare of this avocado anyway ?
my , my , my , if it is nt madam avocado .
right , madam avocado ?
i came to ask for compensation , hunter stated , thinking on the spot as to the reason he was following the avocado like a loyal puppy .
hunter gazed at the avocado .
he leaned closer , making sure she could nt escape , and whispered , you know , my tastes do nt usually extend to older women , but for you , madam avocado , ill make an exception .
instead , he just sat at the bar , sulking , drinking his beer , thinking about the night he met that avocado .
all that thinking about the avocado was making his throat parched , so he gestured for the bartender to come over .
all thoughts of the avocado were pushed to the back of his mind as he took in the sight of the hot blonde sitting before him , exuding her sexual allure .
suddenly , standing before him in his minds eye he could see clarice , the avocado , staring at him with her large midnight eyes molten with desire , mirroring his .
his mysterious goddess was most definitely , definitely not the avocado .
it was just his mind conjuring up images of that avocado because she had been the constant subject that had plagued his mind since the last time they met .
hunter gave himself a mental shake to dispel the image of the avocado .
it sounded a little like that avocado , and clarices face popped into his head .
do nt think about the avocado tonight .
anyway , having his mysterious woman with him right now was definitely better than brooding about that avocado .
kind of reminded him of the avocado .
she reminded him of that avocado so much .
apart from the voice that at first sounded so much like his goddess , this lady screamed avocado .
but how could the avocado be here ?
trying to distract his mind from thinking about his mysterious goddess , the avocado , and this lady with an infected virus , he decide to fix the problem at hand .
somehow at that precise moment , they locked eyes again , and just when hunter was about to tear the glasses off her face to satisfy his curiosity , to see whether she was in fact the avocado or his mysterious lady who had dyed her hair black or just some lady who really was infected with a cold , the elevator door dinged opened .
he could nt believe his lovesickness with his mysterious goddess could be cured in a matter of seconds when he saw the avocado .
its style , avocado , hunter said smoothly , running his hand through his short hairstyle in a cool posture .
after all , you re just an avocado , hunter said .
he could nt understand why he was kissing the avocado .
hunter did nt want to tell fern that his ailment was also due to clarice , the avocado .
both the avocado and his goddess were doing his head in .
then when he finally found her , it was only to find out his mysterious goddess had somehow transformed into clarice , the avocado .
god it - its that avocado .
stop my thinking about this avocado .
the avocado , he growled .
its really tight avocado .
he did nt like the idea of another silverton knowing his avocado .
hunter , who are you calling an avocado ?
fern said , cocking her head to one side as if to see why hunter would name this exotic beauty avocado .
she now understood why hunter would name this beautiful porcelain doll with jet - black hair an avocado .
only a beautiful creature like you should be called an avocado by hunter .
how did his friend deduce that from the name avocado ?
he did nt know how an avocado could be beautiful .
how could an avocado be beautiful ?
miss fern , what planet are you from , saying an avocado is a beauty ?
avocado is merely a fruit .
fern thinks an avocado is a god - given beauty .
an avocado is the elixir of beauty .
women use avocado for facemasks and everything .
but the fact that his cousin was constantly looking at his avocado in an admiring and worrying way throughout their whole conversation did nt sit well in his stomach .
how dare winton treat his avocado like this ?
clarice , the avocado , was pregnant .
why had he stopped searching for her and now focused all his energy on that avocado ?
he believed it was the avocado that had caused him this infliction .
first the doctor announcing to him that clarice was pregnant , and now finding out his mysterious goddess was actually his avocado .
plus , there was also the fact his avocado was his goddess , which really drummed it in for him .
shit , did he just admit the avocado was the most important thing in his life right now ?
she was so beautiful , this avocado .
he could nt believe having his avocado like this could make his heart swell up with this much happiness .
hunter asked playfully , his eyes twinkling as he watched his avocado making that sour face .
i m talking about that girl you called avocado .
from a long line of avocado growers .
what is bud the avocado boy going to do about any of that ? ''
i mean , the heirs to everything amassed by sunbright avocado , incorporated . ''
the prize was sponsored by sunbright avocado . ''
ian looked up from an avocado , his cheeks dimpling in a huge smile .
there were very elegant salads with asparagus and avocado , walnuts and blue cheese .
his faith was the size of an avocado seed .
i felt like i 'd just stepped into an avocado salad .
because now the three of us share the confidence of a tree mold bella and i get some avocado and mango quesadillas , and jazz gets his with ham and sour cream .
` ` what about a cold avocado soup for lunch ? ''
pierre and winter made the avocado soup , and it was as delicious as winter had known it would be .
she added ten to the recipe , using the ice to both cool and thin out the avocado and buttermilk blend .
inside , she 'd ripped up the avocado shag carpeting and found hardwood floors beneath , which someday she intended to refinish .
she takes us straight to the fruit and vegetable section and puts random items in the cart : strawberries , half a cantaloupe , carrots , tomatoes , celery , apples and avocado .
they seemed to be rolled logs of rice around a thin sheet of processed seaweed , with strips of avocado and various vegetables tucked in the center .
a purgatory of browns , oranges , and avocado - greens .
the fridge had an overripe avocado , a cup of pudding from her lunch the day before and salad that had turned brown and limp .
they carried the food out and sat down to dine on a large platter of king prawns , mussels , salmon rosettes and an avocado filled with delicious marinated calamari .
she opens a jar marked ` ` avocado '' and slathers a green paste liberally over my face as her final descent toward insanity plays out right here on my person .
blackened avocado husks , mildewed newspapers , and plastic glasses with the dregs of unidentifiable liquids in them .
john escorted isabel back and they explored the plates of seafood and salads with slices of avocado .