bella had finished all her food except her banana earlier in the afternoon and she was pretty sure evan was low on grub , too , so she was pleased to see their portions were slightly more generous this evening .
` ` the one with all the bananas . ''
soon , everyone was grabbing dessert plates and digging into the platter of cookies and brownies and cutting slices of mom 's homemade banana cream pie .
he must think she was going bananas .
they did n't taste anything like bananas and i found myself going back for a second serving .
i could already see his smile as i gave him her cinnamon roll french toast with a side of banana crepes .
` ` tell me about yourself , simon , '' she said and reached over to place some sliced bananas on the baby 's food tray .
i promise you he wo n't smoosh his bananas when he 's in college . ''
simon bristled and distracted himself by pulling bits of banana out of the baby 's hair .
she beamed at him , gave nathan a few more pieces of banana and then helped herself to her own dinner .
would you like banana on your cornflakes ? '
he had climbed up on to her stool and picked a banana out of the fruit bowl by the time karen reached the kitchen .
they ate lunch in a restaurant - another expensive exercise - with matt full of excitement at being treated to his favourite chicken nuggets and a banana smoothie .
when i was younger there was even a banana tree .
' souffle aux fruits de la passion on your ni**les , sabayon sauce on your belly , caramel on your pubic bone and bananas en papilote between your legs . '
billie slides open a cupboard and takes out a purple t - shirt that screams i might say yes in green and a pair of banana yellow jeans .
rice field crab cakes served with green papaya salad , salt beef dumplings , fermented pork neck sausages with ginger , tiny banana leaf cups filled with ant and chicken eggs , grilled cuttlefish stuffed inside jackfruit , and yuck ... fried silk worm pupae .
early the next morning , casey sat in the dining room , mia tucked into her high chair , cheerfully mashing banana slices in her tiny fists .
he knew riley wanted cheerios in the morning and that reid was interested only in bananas .
in the short time i was away from your side , i was trod upon by an inebriated lion , shoved by the same banana who addressed you earlier , and tripped by the tail of a crocodile who cursed at me when i stumbled . ''
as a kid his favorite after school snack had been a marshmallow fluff and banana sandwich .
it 's khobez , cut into small pieces , fried crispy , mashed with banana and brown sugar and caramelized in butter .
broccoli , oatmeal , protein powder , orange juice , a banana and yogurt : it was the breakfast of champions .
i ordered a banana split and hunter got a milkshake .
calming down , i took a bite of my banana split and my brain took a brief trip into flavorland .
i took another bite of my delicious banana split , half - wondering if i could keep my guard up around him the longer i spent with him .
i looked up from my banana split , glad to have some time to think .
he looked over at her and smiled , making suggestive movements toward her lips with a peeled banana in his hand .
she playfully slapped his arm but then lunged for the banana with her mouth , taking a bite .
he tapped the girl sitting next to him on the shoulder , fed her another suggestive bite of his banana then looked at me for my reaction .
deciding to feed that girl a banana in front of me made him a huge jackass .
` ` so she 's not your friend , and things are n't sexual between you , but you still suggestively feed her bananas ? ''
` ` yeah , sorry about that whole banana thing , '' she said , waving her hand dismissively .
i intended to make my patented hangover cure : broccoli , oatmeal , orange juice , a banana , and yogurt - all thrown together in a blender .
` ` kris , i ' m telling you , it was bananas !
some of the items she 'd brought in the past included a clown suit , a chiquita banana hat , and a large wooden moose .
on the counter i found half a bagel and a banana waiting for me next to a mug of coffee .
after eating three quick bites of the bagel , i peeled the banana , grabbed the coffee and headed for the library .
perhaps the way i ate my banana was a bit sultry .
i sucked at the tip of my thumb , pretending to clean off banana remnants when there were n't any there .
among other things she had a ziploc baggie stuck in her hair and there was a banana peel melded to her shorts .
the man does n't know his dick from a rotten banana . ''
lexi chose the french toast with bananas and extra whipped cream as vincent chuckled beside her , not surprised by her order .
i keep expecting someone to throw bananas at us . ''
she served the crunchy dried banana and apple with sprinklings of cinnamon and cloves .
` ` ooh , good , she used banana blossoms . ''
grabbing a banana from the fruit bowl on the kitchen island , she sat in the chair across the table from temptation .
as if the earth 's rotation depended on it , she cracked open the top of the banana , peeled one long slice down to the bottom , then the next .
his eyes were trained on her mouth , on the banana she had clasped in her hand .
her first instinct was to drop the banana .
she slowly brought the banana to her lips .
she certainly did n't need an entire bag of apples or a big bunch of bananas .
but as she started to put the bananas back on the pile she could n't help but feel like a total bitch .
really , she told herself as she put the bananas back in her cart and continued through the meat aisle , picking up a roast and some ground turkey , she 'd always liked to cook .
` ` and our banana split and two lemonades . ''
she focused instead on slicing off a piece of banana from the split and feeding it to mason between his own licks of sorbet .
he 's gone bananas .
spike was going bananas , ripping feathers out of moriah 's wings and eventually biting her neck .
did i ever mention how sexy you brits sound when you say banana ? ''
` ` i 'll give you my banana if you want . ''
` ` your banana needs a little work if you 're going to be doing anything nice with it . ''
` ` aww , come on , he was n't that bad , '' i cajoled , ` ` he used the banana probe on you . ''
about the size of a banana now , and at twenty weeks , you are officially past the halfway mark .
it was banana , not the real banana flavor , but the fake banana flavor .
it was banana , not the real banana flavor , but the fake banana flavor .
i ' m in love with the sexy , reclusive billionaire who killed my father , and you just broke up with your pot - dealer boyfriend who has a penis that 's curved like a banana . ''
he tossed the card back into the pile of fruit , where it landed on top of an orange before sliding down the peel to rest precariously between a kiwi and a banana .
i knew my way around a banana okay , but then those bananas would ' ve had to have been jacked up with some serious steroids to compare to mystery man 's cock .
i knew my way around a banana okay , but then those bananas would ' ve had to have been jacked up with some serious steroids to compare to mystery man 's cock .
i glance over at max who 's happily eating chunks of bananas and dry cereal .
tatianna comes back to the table with a peeled banana .
she opens her mouth and shoves the entire banana in .
her little stunt with the banana tells me she thinks we 're coming up here to sweep everything under the rug .
the fur on their backs grosses me out and reminds me why i prefer to eat the banana split rather than the banana . ''
the fur on their backs grosses me out and reminds me why i prefer to eat the banana split rather than the banana . ''
i padded through the house and helped myself to a banana from the bowl of fruit in the kitchen .
children 's books were stacked on the sturdy pine coffee table next to a box of crayons , a pad of paper , a plate of smashed up animal crackers and a half - eaten banana .
into brandt berating himself for sticking around because he 'd always be second banana to luke .
and since when is a cup of fruit cocktail topped with sliced bananas considered a side of fruit ? ''
gavin refilled his coffee and loaded his plate with a muffin and a banana .
he cut the banana into precise quarters .
he chewed and swallowed a piece of muffin , followed by a piece of banana .
gavin ate a third bite of the muffin and banana combination .
when she turned to warn him to knock it off or else she was ordering a chocolate - covered frozen banana , he kissed her .
tell scrambled over the edge of the trampoline like a primate scaling a banana tree .
` ` my dad used to eat a big blueberry muffin and a banana every day for breakfast .
there 's banana bread and i could make you hot tea- '' ` ` liebchen .
` ` relax , '' he said , reaching for the banana chips she 'd made .
` ` have a banana . ''
` ` i already had your banana . ''
` ` i think it would be more correct to say my banana had you . ''
they have a really good breakfast and i ' ve become addicted to their bananas foster .
marvin dropped the banana in his hands , then ran screaming at wren .
marvin came running up the stairs with a banana .
he leapt onto wren 's shoulder and chattered at fang , pointing the banana at him like a gun .
wren took the banana from marvin so that he could peel it for the primate .
fried bananas ?
biting into anything , even something as soft and bland as a banana , hurt too much .
` ` banana pancakes would be wonderful . ''
she did n't know why , but she had a strange banana craving .
` ` says the man who 's so bruised , he looks like a two - year - old banana . ''
she put the good cantaloupe in the cart , then turned around to catch him thumping bananas .
he caught a large bunch of bananas that filled his hands .
tristan bit the banana and smiled briefly around each chew .
he finished the last bite of the banana and tossed the peel aside .
tristan snorted and broke off another banana .
she had n't realized she was hungry until he 'd started eating , and her mouth had watered at the smell of fresh bananas .
breaking off a banana , he held this one toward her in offering , but not close enough for the fruit or his hand to pass through the barrier .
evalle reached over and took the banana .
she expelled a breath she 'd caught in her throat and started peeling the banana .
he polished off another banana , asking , ` ` why would you try to convince brina to do that ? ''
he stood up with what was left of the bananas and dropped the bunch where he 'd been sitting .
the bananas he 'd left had been hung on a broken branch since she 'd last seen them .
the bananas she 'd eaten wanted to join the party , but she kept her mouth shut until her throat cleared .
while she ate a banana and stirred granola into her yogurt , he explained a plan for something called the achilles beast championship and how it would function , adding that the medb had offered trades for all alterants entered to battle and their sponsors .
` ` hey , lanna banana .
i devour an energy bar and banana i find in the mini - bar , and then drink an entire can of ginger ale in almost two gulps .
` ` did you know you can freeze a banana until it 's so hard you can actually nail something with it ? ''
` ` anyway , did you know bananas are radioactive ? ''
` ` yeah , the banana thing is really ... '' i jerked up straight , spine rigid .
he ordered a bowl of chocolate ice cream and i got a banana split , the same thing i always ordered .
i took a bite of my banana split instead .
poking a slice of banana around , i shook my head .
he was going to make me gain ten pounds this way , but so far i 'd had a variety of cupcakes - twix , oreos , strawberry , white chocolate , skittles - that was kind of gross - banana and chocolate , and a dark chocolate cupcake that was so decadent i felt like i had to go to church after eating it .
the first forkful of pie is sliding into my mouth when my phone comes alive with the sound of minions singing the banana song .
the banana leaves fluttered against the brick wall .
you slap a couple hershey bars between white bread , and you put sliced bananas and sugar too , and i ' m telling you , that 's delicious . ''
and wonder of wonders , the house on the comer of chestnut , amid its spring banana trees and ferns , and azaleas in bloom , waiting for them .
a banana , cup of yogurt , and granola later , she needed a break .
for her : bananas unpeeled and boiled eggs with their shells intact , accompanied by plastic ware , still in the wrapper .
a crisp breeze was blowing , fanning the damp banana trees and palms .
there was a plate piled high with oranges , strawberries , bananas and melon .
she picked at the food for half an hour before he grabbed her hand and a banana and led her outside , using an air pocket to shield her from prying eyes .
elin 's joy was sweeter than the banana cream pie bay used to make her .
every year kaia mailed juliette a fruit basket with a ` ` sorry about your consort '' card , and every year the basket was returned with rotten apple cores , black banana peels and a picture of juliette flipping her off with ` ` die , whore , die '' written in blood somewhere .
` ` yours also has banana , mango , and pineapple . ''
` ` not a banana ? ''
` ` definitely not a banana , '' i said coolly , getting a tiny bit of pleasure at his scowl .
one looked like nothing but oversized banana leaves piled together on a table .
to make your lovo pit , you need these things : smooth stones for baking , banana leaves , the meat itself , and of course , dirt to go on top .
you do the banana leaves and the food .
i resolved then and there to take one banana leaf at a time .
i immediately headed for the banana leaves .
~~ * * * ~~ with nothing else to do but wait for the final tribal council , alys and i spent the day making grass skirts , bikini tops made out of banana leaves , and wove flowers and green leaves into our braided hair .
i knew it was wrong , and when the man in the fruit section gave me half a banana , i cried and told him i was sorry .
` ` saddle up , banana breath . ''
` ` banana and peanut butter . ''
he 's got a dark sense of humor , and makes jokes about not buying green bananas , but i think he 's going to see bell grow up and graduate .
a banana peel ?
she 'd been stung by a bee , hit by a bus , slipped on a banana peel - the list went on and on .
he 'd indulge her every whim with the exception of solid food , especially bananas .
just wait until you have bubble 's banana splits .
` ` trust me , just get the banana split .
two banana splits and two cokes , please . ''
clay gaped at the huge pile of ice cream , whipped cream and bananas in front of him .
i made myself go out with rachel and daniel after school , though i refused to step foot into bubble 's when rachel suggested a banana split .
i could use a banana split , '' i said almost defiantly .
the memory of the hundreds of banana splits i had shared with my ex - boyfriend ?
so i followed them to the restaurant and i ordered the banana split with extra whipped cream .
i had never finished one of bubble 's banana splits by myself before .
i made banana pancakes , just for you . ''
and that 's how i found myself , thursday evening after my therapy session , filling out an application at bubbles , home of gluttonous banana splits and hamburgers with a side of heart burn .
as i scanned the room , wishing the jocks would throw a banana or something , david reached across to grab the salt from my tray and knocked my milk carton flat .
and i , personally , love peanut butter and banana sandwiches .
he had a textbook and a banana and everything .
so go out with him , get in his boxers , and tell us if that bulge is real or just a banana , ' kay ? ''
` ` i do like other things - cherries but not bananas , sushi , not fish sticks . ''
i do n't even like bananas ! ''
` ` it 's make like a banana and split , '' melissa corrects .
a giant velvet canvas stares back at me with a demon , a creature that loosely resembles marshall kneeling with his tongue knifing out of his mouth like a sword , and he 's holding a weird looking banana in his lap , and that , too , sort of looks like it 's on fire .
both melissa and mia take up residency at the bar with their yogurts and bananas .
a younger girl with rich auburn hair , dangling in long banana curls , shouts from the back , and two of her friends swat her in the process .
tad appears and plucks a bright green banana from the counter and attempts to peel it , but it 's sealed itself successfully from being digested by humans and tad alike .
i ask mom while plucking a banana out of the fruit bowl .
it 's almost nine in the morning as i trot downstairs to grab a banana before i leave .
` ` yup , '' i say , albeit less enthused as i snatch a freckled banana out of the fruit bowl .
i hope it 's nothing stupid like a banana peel or a receipt from her latest latte .
i make myself a cup of coffee and pluck a banana from the fruit bowl .
i walk over and pull a banana off the counter while considering the irony .
i spot a bunch of bananas that have managed to fall under the slotted stairs .
` ` and where the hell are the bananas ?
if i have to hang out with him and the banana republicans until i head back to yeats , i ' m going to fling myself off wilson bridge . ''
` ` get ready , reese , because i ' m about to blow every kiss you ' ve ever shared with that banana republican right out of the f**king water . ''
brylee sits on my bed whittling a banana into a bona fide penis while i watch the careful attention she puts into her p**n ographic art .
she plucks another yo - ho out of the box and pulls back the wrapper like peeling a banana .
i pluck a banana off the counter and pour myself a cup of coffee .
` ` one thousand chocolate banana cupcakes for an annual event down at the homeless shelter ! ''
` ` it smells like a banana factory blew up in here . ''
the two skanks from ridgewood grab a bunch of bananas and strawberries respectively .
` ` okay , but have a banana with that . ''
matt grabs bananas and peels them for the kids .
` ` we 'll eat the banana , '' maddie concedes and takes a big bite out of hers .
` ` me , too , '' matt agrees and steals a bite of maddie 's banana , making her laugh .
maddie nods and takes another bite of banana .
when the crowd finally dies down at about twelve thirty , i have a moment to slip in the back and quickly eat a banana and string cheese before consolidating the cupcakes in the glass case and tidying up the seating area .
` ` i believe it was over the bananas , '' he says and sips his beer .
he kissed me until i was dazed , left me in bed and then came back fifteen minutes later with a bunch of bananas and a jar of chunky peanut butter .
i sat cross - legged in bed , using a plastic knife to gouge out peanut butter and glop it on my two bananas , eating them all the while glaring at lucien who was seeing to the not taxing chore of packing up my things .
i did n't admit to him i loved bananas and peanut butter and it tasted awesome .
in fact , she told me , after eating the pie ( and the fresh breadsticks , and partaking of her portion of the big salad with banana peppers , olives , homemade croutons , and a healthy dusting of freshly shaved parmesan cheese in a light oil - based dressing ) that i did n't owe her for shower duty .
not to pudding , to bananas .
she yelled ` ` it means , kessen , '' he said her name with disdain , ` ` last time you ate banana pudding you used the same excuse , and it was to get out of going on that field trip to the cheese factory .
` ` making out next to bananas ? ''
` ` banana ran into the maharajahs tent and stole as many pieces of fruit as his little hands could carry .
i squinted at the spider that stood between me and my breakfast banana .
i was still hungry , though , and wanted my banana .
i withdrew the banana i brought , peeled it , and took a slow bite as i wandered to my locker , letting my teeth graze against the flesh .
before i could smack him , the waiter then brought a basket of what looked like banana chips accompanied by a viscous , pale yellow sauce .
she grabbed two bananas from the kitchen counter and handed him one as they left the house .
` ` how about bananas ? ''
but even as she said it , she knew wild horses could n't drag the word bananas from her .
if he wanted to hurt her , it would n't matter if she yelled ` ` bananas '' as loud as she could .
` ` bananas . ''
` ` just bananas ? ''
erin masterson , erin alderman 's best friend and co - captain of the cheer squad , was holding the banana split blizzard i 'd just made for her , with vengeance in her eyes .
if you 're starving , then eat a banana .
he opened the pantry , grabbed a bag of chips , a jar of salsa , and two bananas then pulled a couple of cold cans of cherry coke from the fridge .
` ` i 'll take that banana , '' i said , pointing .
it was a man about my age , with big eyes , flawlessly coifed hair , and a face so perfect he looked like he had walked straight out of a banana republic catalog .
i said , snatching a banana from the bowl .
i threw the banana at him , and he crossed his arms , making the fruit ricochet to the floor .
max orders a banana smoothie and ' the big breakfast ' .
i told him to buy all the things to make ice - cream sundaes and have ceecee make them both banana splits .
max works at putting thing in the fridge and freezer , calling out , ` ` we got everything we need for a banana split , chips , dip , popcorn , and- '' a beaming ceecee cuts him off with , ` ` we got cupcakes ! ''
later that night , ceecee and i lounge around on the sofa , while helena makes our celebratory banana splits .
she had made the banana cream pies in advance and they were currently chilling in the fridge .
except i spent the morning in the kitchen making your banana cream pies from scratch .
` ` if you keep saying those things i ' m going to have to make you a banana cream pie . ''
his smile turned seductive and he breathed into her ear , ` ` i could think of something better than a banana cream pie .
he won her over to his way of thinking , making her forget all about the banana cream pie .
for some reason i followed her and picked up some bananas as she grabbed some apples .
she 'd only had half a banana and a handful of grapes for breakfast .
` ` i had a banana in the cafe . ''
by the time she 'd swallowed the last bite , she actually felt full , but was able to make room for the banana cream pie ken ordered for dessert .
when he drew close enough to see what was on the plate , he realized she 'd brought him some banana bread .
but he could n't remember the last time he 'd had banana bread , let alone smelled it baking .
it 's just ... some banana bread and other stuff she made . ''
but do n't forget to ask the manager if he has any loose bananas .
` ` do you think he 'll expect me to ask the manager for loose bananas ? ''
` ` she 'll get her loose bananas in the morning . ''
` ` that 's bananas , '' mags said .
they come bunched like bananas .
` ` we got some specials : banana cream .
it was then that i noticed the bananas in his hand .
` ` i saw some banana trees in the jungle . ''
` ` thank you , '' i said again , as he handed me a bunch of bananas .
i peeled a banana and ate it eagerly .
i looked away then and concentrated on eating my banana .
i quickly peeled a second banana and starting eating it just as voraciously .
jakob grabbed the rest of the bananas from my hand .
i stared at the bananas in his hand .
he shook his head , and i wondered if i had enough energy to push him down and grab the bananas back from him .
` ` another banana ? ''
he grinned at me and took the banana from jakob .
i chewed on my banana and sat back .
i was starving , but sick of bananas , too .
i ' m pretty sure i saw some more banana trees , and we already know there are coconuts .
he handed me a peeled banana .
i gobbled up the rest of the banana greedily and then licked my lips .
he sat back and watched me as i reached for another banana .
he asked casually , grabbing a banana .
he threw the banana peel on the ground .
` ` i think i saw some yucca plants when i was gathering bananas . ''
` ` shall we go and get some more bananas ? ''
` ` you wanted to eat something other than bananas tonight , right ? ''
` ` look for the banana trees , '' i told myself .
i knew that jakob had climbed the banana trees to bring me breakfast , so i knew that it was possible to get up one .
my fingers grabbed ahold of the branch on the new tree , and i gasped for air as i watched a bunch of leaves and bananas from the first tree falling to the ground .
but sometimes you just needed somebody to slip on a banana peel .
or what georgie imagined that might look like - it 'd been years since she was actually inside a banana republic .
we ' ve got to stop at dunkin ' donuts to pick her up a banana nut muffin . ''
if anyone had told me i 'd be naked in the woods with max cooper , i would ' ve said they were bananas .
ayden made a face and handed her a banana .
right around when i saw tommy cray , the baby would have been the size of a banana .
the blender whirls , mixing up the banana , strawberries , and protein powder that will be mom 's breakfast .
after i assure mrs . gregory that i ' m stuffed , she ushers mr . gregory , kale , and i out the door , shoving a granola bar and banana in kale 's hand .
but since i have never in my life objected to a banana split , it was n't a horrible way to pass the time - especially considering that on the other side of the tanning salon , there was a lingerie store that made victoria 's secret look like baby gap .
jax took a banana and put it between his legs , making it look like a c**k while running up and down the aisles the last time we went .
he had her in a chair and was feeding her bananas cut up and scrambled eggs .
she smiled , allowing some of the mashed up bananas to escape out of the sides of her open mouth .
` ` i added bananas and nuts .
he grabbed a banana and started peeling it .
as he ate his banana and got on my last nerve , i started making a mental list of everything i needed to do before the big dinner .
jake always favored the breast , but jax tore up some cereal with bananas .
i handed jax his bottle first while i began spooning bananas into jake 's open mouth .
my two brown eyed boys took their time drinking their formula , while i sat there with a spoon full of bananas waiting for the first one to offer his open mouth .
he had cut up bananas and strawberries and even had blueberries and cool whip .
i went to grab a banana , but he slapped my hand .
ty laughed and grabbed a slice of banana .
when i opened my eyes , ty was circling a piece of banana over one of my ni**les , before feeding it to me .
he fed me another slice of banana and leaned over to kiss my lips .
he climbed up to my chest and sucked one of my banana covered ni**les into his mouth , while he fed me another strawberry .
bella smiled with a mouth full of pureed bananas .
after she was done shoveling eggs and bananas into her mouth , i washed b 's face and let her out of her chair .
` ` does she like bananas and apples ?
he was eating a banana and i could n't help but watch his lips as he did it .
i warn direly , adding sliced bananas to my cereal bowl .
saiman reached into the fridge and came up with a gallon of milk , a solid block of chocolate , and several bananas .
i watched saiman load bananas and milk into a manual blender and crank the handle , cutting the whole thing into a coarse mess .
downstairs , i made oatmeal in the microwave , sliced up a banana and threw in a handful of almonds , and then washed it all down with a cup of tea i made as hot as i could stand , just to have something warm to hold in my hands .
a few weeks ago she watched eleonore make banana bread .
it was all ` ` a handful of flour '' and ` ` a dash of cinnamon '' and ` ` add mashed bananas until it looks right . ''
the landing smelled like fresh banana bread .
the same held true for carrots and potatoes , chicken and steak , apples and bananas , until peter began to wonder if his mom had eaten anything at all .
holy freaking bananas .
her stomach growled , reminding kira that she 'd only had a banana for breakfast and nothing at all to eat the day before .
i 'd eaten only a banana for breakfast and argued with my mother over that .
` ` that 's bananas ! ''
but most of them were , again , elderly men in banana hammocks .
my mom would die twice if i paid that much for a banana .
she made holly bring yogurt and a banana from home .
poker dealers and cocktail waitresses and someone dressed up as a giant banana flowed around him as he dropped his backpack on the industrial linoleum and read the message over and over , trying to make sense of it .
as they were driving away to graceland , i had asked my dad to bring me back a fried peanut butter and banana sandwich .
the tourists accepted me as part of the scenery , like the cement mountains spewing waterfalls piped in from hoses , or the stacked crates with labels i 'd stenciled another summer : bananas by the bunch and danger : anaconda !
he glanced at the bounty spread before him- shiny red apples , bunches of bananas , fragrant oranges , grapefruit , lettuce , celery , carrots , potatoes , and onions .
the second one held paper plates , bowls , cups , glasses , and utensils , as well as a loaf of bread , a box of cereal , packets of sugar and cream , several candy bars , apples , bananas , oranges , peanut butter , jelly , and a package of blueberry muffins .
` ` bananas ?
i did not voice it , but i wondered if he ordered bananas with his because of me .
i especially loved the banana .
in the kitchen , i grabbed a banana and a glass of juice .
i ate the banana quickly and then took a long shower , probably using up all of the hot water .
andre might have been thinking about the price of bananas in guatemala .
i walk over to the table and set it in front of the little girl and then peel open a banana for her as well .
getting up , i make my way into the kitchen to start a pot of coffee while candace busies herself with bailey , peeling a banana for her .
we ran out of bananas this morning , so she sent me out to grab a few since she worries about muscle cramps .
` ` your friend 's out front , '' i say as i walk through the room and into the kitchen to set the bag of bananas down .
by the time we were thirteen , we could get a condom on a banana faster than any hooker on the strip .
if you look closely , you can actually see drew 's chest puff out - like an ape in the jungle wild , preparing to fight to the death over the last banana .
anyway , no girl wants to bang a guy in a banana hammock .
your bananas , please . ''
instantly and without shame , each of the girls picks up the large banana that has been resting on her lap .
watch your teeth ... '' my eyes are glued to kate as the banana slides smoothly in and out from between her perfect pink lips .
i mean , i ' ve been where that banana is going many times before , but something about watching kate give head from this point of view is crazy erotic .
with a meaningful look , delores peels her banana , then takes a big , chomping bite out of it .
then she takes a banana and cuts it in half , putting a section on each of their plates before doing the same with an orange .
i do n't want to even see you without a shirt , much less wearing nothing but a banana leaf .
and speaking of being careful , i was carefully remaining in my seat while i watched adam go bananas on a poor waitress that saturday night .
` ` i ' m not stal ing , but breakfast is the most important meal of the day , grace , '' he answered back , selecting his banana with uncommon diligence .
i asked , grabbing the banana and making obscene gestures with the fruit .
i need to get pounded , and you 're the guy that 's going to do it , '' i said severely , pushing him toward the stairs , holding the banana like a light saber .
` ` now get the hell up those stairs , get in the shower , wash your kibbles and bits , and then drive my randy ass to santa barbara so you can make me see god , '' i finished , my voice rising to a fevered pitch as i forced him with the banana to walk backward up the stairs .
jack made holly and i oatmeal while i made coffee and she sliced up bananas for our bowls .
while i waited , i wandered out onto the back porch with a banana , perching in one of the old rockers with my nightgown pulled down over my knees .
he went bananas over the old yearbooks , especially since most of them were from the local high school .
i poured a cup of coffee , peeled a banana , and looked out the window .
i ignored my compulsion to massage the banana and thrust it into my mouth .
all of the sleepless nights and lost os and cold showers and banana thrusting and merciless wet dreams went into that one look .
i put the sugar and cream on the counter while he peeled and sliced a banana .
` ` i ' m spending a few days on a piece about quick getaways in the bay area - weekend drives kind of thing , '' he answered through a mouthful of banana .
oh , and thrusting your junk in sophie 's face before slowly inching a banana into her mouth ? ''
` ` fur , bananas , crap throwing , the whole bit . ''
they waved at me and said polite hellos to lacey - grateful condescension , i supposed - before grabbing sports drinks from the fridge and bananas from a bowl on the counter .
i handed him a banana and a knife .
for some reason , i did n't think he meant of the banana .
jack reached for the remaining half of the banana , and spencer snatched it up before i could and cut it swiftly into small chunks .
on my way to the table , i snagged a banana muffin and then sat with my back to the window .
and kylie had spent an hour fretting her way across the costume shop until finally she had settled on a sexy banana costume that had a zipper down the front so her banana could be peeled .
and kylie had spent an hour fretting her way across the costume shop until finally she had settled on a sexy banana costume that had a zipper down the front so her banana could be peeled .
` ` i should have just gone with black , like that little end thingie on a banana . ''
besides , i knew she was feeling insecure about her banana , so i held kylie 's hand and obediently followed her to the keg , deciding i would n't mind a beer after all .
kylie had long ago abandoned my hand , and she was fending off the third guy to try to unpeel her banana , his hand teasing on her zipper while she laughed and swatted at his wrist .
` ` she 's a banana . ''
i could easily picture her , trying to unzip her banana , drunk , losing her balance and colliding into everything within a three - foot range .
everything moved in sensual slow motion , a hazy , breezy , and dark erotic dance of their bodies next to each other , not touching , but speaking volumes , the banana trees fanning behind lizette 's head .
but he forgot all about the floor when he saw a tan , built guy in nothing but a banana hammock .
i had baked bread , and it smelled like cinnamon and bananas , and as his hands slid inside my coat to rest on my waist , i knew that we did deserve each other .
a rank odor was floating off of her , reminding amanda of when her father had inadvertently kicked a peeled banana under his desk then headed to new york for a week .
piper smelled a little like rotten banana .
but it was like going three weeks without food and having a banana split set down in front of you in your own kitchen .
` ` banana . ''
how the hell does ` ` narns '' denote banana ?
i grab a banana for mila and walk past sofie , leaving her clasping her trembling hands to her stomach .
luckily for him , she 's too busy feeding bunna her banana .
` ` bit of a change from bananas , carrots and donuts , right ? ''
he shoved a banana in his mouth and tried to move along the monkey bars ... '' ` ` ... then he fell down and choked on the banana , '' i finish , my own lips curving .
he shoved a banana in his mouth and tried to move along the monkey bars ... '' ` ` ... then he fell down and choked on the banana , '' i finish , my own lips curving .
a monkey stole another 's banana and took off swinging from limb to limb .
lime and banana tree leaves rustled overhead but offered minimal shade against the harsh african sun .
the guy had sprinted away with a burlap sack full of bananas and pineapples , slipped on loose gravel , and fallen into a pile of rotting fish - impaling his chest on a metal rod .
now joshua had relented enough to hold on to his shirt in fists still sticky from downing a banana .
he spread foliage on top , mostly more banana leaves .
he snatched up the chance to talk about anything else as handily as she snagged two bananas left from their food stores of last night .
grinning , she tucked her walking stick under her arm and peeled a banana .
she peeled the remaining banana for herself .
nothing fancy , but it 'll be a step above the mangoes and bananas you ' ve probably been eating . ''
we 'll go find a banana . ''
` ` when we were on the run , joshua liked bananas and he especially enjoyed it when hugh sang to him . ''
then his bottom lip started trembling and aiden said quickly , ` ` would you like a banana ?
joshua played with his new father 's glasses while his mother fed her son a banana .
* * * sunday morning , sophie finished loading the last of the breakfast dishes after the pancakes nanny made for everyone - which translated into a lot of pancakes , topped with bananas and fat strawberries .
he spooned up a bite of banana crepe and brought it to her mouth .
` ` who gave you the grumpies instead of bananas with your cheerios ? ''
not that anything could actually happen since they had lucia to look after , even if their daughter was already curled up snoozing on a mossy bed with her head on the backpack , an abandoned banana peel next to her .
she needed to be all the more careful with the exertion , sweating and weird diet of bananas and passion fruit .
luckily , two bananas later , lucia curled up against her mother , content to rest quietly rather than talk to him .
lucia sat cross - legged in the shade of an oversize bush eating another banana with scrunch - nosed disgust .
thank heavens lucia was occupied finishing her banana and scratching patterns on the ground with a stick , because sara did n't want her child to witness the confrontation no doubt about to explode .
sara thumbed a hint of banana from the corner of lucia 's mouth as the little girl poked her tongue against the inside of her cheek .
he followed as she led him back over to the tree where he 'd left her eating her banana - left her unattended because he 'd wanted to romance her mother , damn it all to hell .
` ` okay , long as we can share a mango instead of those icky bananas . ''
another couple of tortillas with what looked like sausage and eggs inside - and thankfully no more bananas .
or bananas ? ''
and if , say , he wanted to appear in that dream holding a banana , she could n't stop him from doing that , either .
and if , in that dream , he offered his banana to her , she could n't help that .
bags of groceries that did not contain bananas or doughnuts , since hannah suspected maybe an excess of carbohydrates might just be to blame for her sleep problems in the first place .
` ` he went bananas when i informed him that meiro kissed isabel , '' liam told sullivan .
kyle managed to come up with a couple of dozen bananas and jonas collected wild yams .
he glanced at a banana tree and saw a bundle of green fruit hanging from the stock .
` ` bananas ? ''
that left the lunch trent packed the day before , the bananas scavenged off the tree , and that was it .
lighting her way into her kitchen , monica found a banana and ate it .
she leaned against the counter and forced the banana down .
she considered the peel , the color ... and thought of the bananas trent had cut from the tree right before they descended to the beach and hidden cave .
the fans go bananas .
the cameraman is going bananas , probably already seeing dollar signs for the two thousand actions shots he 's taken .
he was thinking maybe she would n't go so bananas over his sister 's hair if she had nice happy feet to walk around on .
she pulled out a bunch of bananas from behind her back .
` ` holy crap , bananas ! ''
the last thing candi heard was sarah singing , ` ` ' this shit is bananas , b - a - n - a - n - a - s !
i said this shit is bananas , b - a - n - a - n - a - s ! ' ''
* * * ` ` i said this shit is bananas , b - a - n - a - n - a - s !
the b is bananas , b - a - n - a - n - a - s ! ''
what do bananas have to do with football ? ''
he was watching her as she got up and walked around their campsite , organizing and preparing for their next big meal of bananas and water .
she peeled him a banana and held it up with the remainder of their last bottle of water .
` ` oh , and for the record ... ` ` said kevin with his mouth full of banana , ` ` i do n't ' slobber ' on girls , okay ? ''
` ` i ' m getting tired of bananas , bananas , bananas for every meal , '' said sarah .
` ` i ' m getting tired of bananas , bananas , bananas for every meal , '' said sarah .
` ` i ' m getting tired of bananas , bananas , bananas for every meal , '' said sarah .
` ` ' this shit is bananas ... ' '' ` ` stop ! ''
candi stared at the banana she was having a hard time choking down .
` ` well , you could always stick with the bananas , '' suggested jonathan .
kevin did n't appear to be nearly as tired of the bananas yet as everyone else .
` ` i ate at least four bananas a day at home .
` ` mock me if you will , but you do n't get a body like mine , '' he paused to flex one of his biceps and wink at candi , ` ` by sleeping in and eating bananas all day . ''
let 's go eat some bananas ; and please , for the love of god , do n't sing the bananas song . ''
let 's go eat some bananas ; and please , for the love of god , do n't sing the bananas song . ''
you 'll be sorry when i ' m eating delicious steamed fish , and you 're still eating bananas for every meal . ''
candi threw the banana peel she 'd been in the process of burying at him .
with just the coconuts and bananas , jonathan was n't able to eat enough calories to get really big muscles , and kevin could feel himself losing weight .
` ` okay , i need one broken up coconut and a couple of banana palm leaves .
` ` okay , chef , coconuts and banana leaves coming right up ! ''
she sprinkled a bit of the salt water over the top , then curled the banana leaves over the whole package , handling it very carefully .
do you have any idea how sick i am of bananas ?
i mean , i used to eat bananas like crazy back home . ''
` ` well , i hope it cooks okay , because i ' m burned out on bananas too . ''
they worked hard the entire day , stopping only for five minutes to eat a lunch of bananas , coconut and water .
he pulled out two bananas from behind his back .
candi stuck her tongue out at him as she took her banana and said , ` ` tease . ''
everyone stopped chewing their bananas and just looked at candi like she was nuts .
they left the fire ring to gather supplies , each taking a backpack with a full water bottle , rope , bananas , and cracked coconuts .
but it sure beats the heck out of bananas right now .
after a while they stopped for a lunch of bananas and coconut .
she squeezed some of the guava fruit they had collected over the fish to see if it would change the taste a little bit , putting more pieces of the fruit in with the fish too , wrapped up in banana leaves for cooking .
candi stopped what she was doing with the fish and banana leaves and looked sarah in the eye .
` ` first , we have , of course , a fruit salad , made up of bananas and guava .
they stayed quiet , taking a few minutes to eat a meal of bananas .
' this shit is bananas , b - a - n - a - n - a - s ! '
but banana ?
she 's loving me , grateful that i got the banana girl off her back and also very happy that she can still fit in a booth .
i ' m glad he 's bouncing the banana .
` ` is it the banana ? ''
` ` the banana ? ''
` ` no , i asked you if you liked that girl , that banana girl at the diner . ''
` ` he has n't slept with old banana , i 'll have you know .
i ' m looking hannah the banana right in the eye .
plus , at the diner i can mess with the banana , which has proven to be pretty fun .
i want everyone to see andie as herself and let them decide who she is without listening to the banana 's nonsense . ''
` ` just trying this banana bread recipe i found online . ''
death by banana bread .
` ` smells like bananas . ''
` ` tastes like bananas , '' he says , oblivious to my distress .
i cringe with the effort of swallowing the hunk of sour banana bread so i can speak .
` ` well , why the f**k would anyone want to put lemon peels in a damn banana bread ? ''
i do n't know why i ' m using you guys as taste - testers when you ca n't even taste a whole buttload of lemon juice in a slice of banana bread . ''
as colin fills up a plastic bag with bananas , i stand in front of the big , red juicy fruits with my mouth watering .
` ` banana split , aiden !
oh - and a banana . ''
i switch on the computer to start work , finishing my latte and eating a banana .
date : june 10 , 2011 08:33 to : christian grey i am eating a banana as i type .
even though she filled it with the perfect amount of ice cream and then tossed in the precise amount of strawberry sauce and bananas , she was absently chatting away about her kids and their weekend .
i turned to fill a cup with soft serve and dumped in bananas and caramel , holding the cup up to the mixer .
` ` bandit eye strip , a banana , and a black trash bag . ''
` ` let me guess - the banana works three - fold : a ' gun , ' a snack to keep your mugger energy up , and then the slippery peel is a great tool in your escape . ''
finding a banana , i sat cross - legged and studied each guy in turn , trying to think what would appeal to him .
he finished off a banana .
there was a small portion of spaghetti with red sauce that looked like it had come from a can , a banana , and a pint of 2 percent milk .
i would ' ve lectured on the fat content of the milk and how bananas were one of the highest - sugar fruits .
i ate the banana first , barely pausing to breathe , and had to slow myself so i did n't finish the milk in one gulp .
` ` that boy could wear a banana leaf and a propeller beanie and look beautiful . ''
i 'll issue him a banana leaf and a propeller beanie at once and induct him into my boy - harem . ''
this shit is bananas . ''
' want to see my banana ? '
tanzie had six small packets of cereal , two bananas , and a jam sandwich that she 'd made out of toasted white bread .
but even as the thought formed , he realized there were no congolese sounds : no yelling from an open window , no bar music , no smells of kwanga cooking in banana leaves .
give me a banana and a lucozade any day . '
will usually had fruit salad , which i fed to him by hand , and sometimes followed up with a banana pancake as his appetite grew .
when our chocolate fondue arrived we both leaned forward to inspect the goods : a couple of long , two - tined forks , bite - sized pieces of angel food cake , luscious ripe red strawberries , sliced bananas , and brownies cut into quarters .
ben grabbed a slice of banana while i went for a strawberry .
elenoa scrubbed my entire body in a ginger root masque then wrapped me in warm banana leaves , which felt so warm and good .
a banana maybe ? ''
and i made some banana bread and a few pies .
spotting an all - night market , he bought some apple juice and a banana to rectify the damage .
mina took the last banana on the counter top , peeled and sliced it .
she then proceeded to steal bites out of my oatmeal , taking almost all of the banana slices while telling me that the banana was kind of old and she wanted to make sure it had nt gone bad .
she then proceeded to steal bites out of my oatmeal , taking almost all of the banana slices while telling me that the banana was kind of old and she wanted to make sure it had nt gone bad .
i grab a banana and an energy bar .
the door opened and mango walked in holding a banana which he gave to dillow .
i do like to see the loony candidates , this one is in a banana suit with a big stetson hat on the top of the banana .
i do like to see the loony candidates , this one is in a banana suit with a big stetson hat on the top of the banana .
the tray was laden with standard hospital fare : a patty of lean minced meat covered in a mysterious sauce , a salad made mostly of lettuce , a banana , and a sliver of plain white cake for desert .
some of the leaves of the banana plants are brown and curled .
he asks , breaking off a bunch of bananas and offering me a couple .
munching on bananas as we go , we climb up a steep path between large boulders , arriving puffing at the summit of the hill ten minutes later .
zeus throws a banana peel and they dive , catch it in mid - air , then fly off into the distance , squabbling over it .
i have another banana , slowly peeling back the skin as i munch on it , then flick the last of it over the cliff .
breaking a hand of ripe bananas off one of the trees , i munch on them as a walk .
a girl can not live on bananas alone , ' i say to one of the sheep as i cross the paddock .
he looks at me quizzically and ambles away , not caring a toss about me and my bananas .
i throw bits of banana for the seagulls and watch them swoop and dive , then squabble and fight into the distance .
' camillo is a temperate asteroid with a mediterranean climate but i wanted bananas all year round , just like you have on earth nowadays .
we go for a walk up to our favourite spot on top of the bluff and throw bits of banana for the seagulls .
there 's groves of papayas and bananas and old ladies sit in the shade of bright red flamboyant trees selling sweet , juicy mangoes .
as i reach the orchard a slimeball crashes to the ground , knocking over a mango tree and tumbling into the banana grove .
seconds later , the banana trees are gone and out charges the slimeball devouring everything in its path .
besides , do nt forget that banana is a pro !
eliza was finishing up her badger 's banana boil snow cone and abruptly stopped walking , causing izzian to skid into a stop to avoid running her down .
eliza offered a hand and helped izzian to his feet , smearing her sticky banana badger all over his already sticky hand .
in the same garbage bag was a banana peel .
in the white part of this simple , decomposing banana peel , there was a cluster of fruit fly eggs .
the shop had fruit as well , which was a miracle , the last time i saw an actual banana i was about five .
a few minutes later they reached the outskirts of honiara and were passing small concrete houses surrounded by banana trees , paw - paws , palm trees , and other tropical vegetation .
i spread peanut butter on a slice of bread that was still soft , and ate a banana that was at least two weeks old , looking as fresh as the day i bought it .
it seemed like forever but , at long last , alex trotted down the back porch stairs with a bag of snacks - more dried oatmeal , more peanut butter , four day - old bananas , and a can of vienna sausages along with another half rack of saltine crackers .
best of all , tucked into the cardboard cooler between several freezer packets , were four frozen pineapple banana smoothies that thee dove into straightaway .
the monkey gets bananas but i get bucks .
bananas , apples , grapes .
it was exactly what was served to him previously ; two pieces of dry bread , a meat and banana .
i imagined a monstrous army of mike thornhill look - alikes of various sexes , sizes , and ages , all dedicated to driving marge and i bananas .
anyway , i ' m headed south in the morning , after i get some more cantaloupes , bananas , and other fruit and vegies , and put them out tonight for issy and her friends . ''
` ` i have heard of this from my uncle , he said it 's just banana trunks , '' elia said .
they sailed on water and were shaped like bananas .
chum , that man is a bad influence on you , beth said condescendingly as she tossed a half eaten banana at chum , hitting his leg .
the room itself was shaped like a banana in length and height - laron had learned discretion but , not shame in any form .
asked frank ` ` i was just thinking how much i miss bananas .
a peanut butter and banana sandwich .
i think i miss bananas more than i missed hot showers . ''
` ` hmm , i do n't know if i would go that far , but a banana would be pretty wonderful .
maybe after the trial i 'll buy a boat and sail to new guinea and start a banana farm . ''
` ` by the way , '' she said , grinning , ` ` we ca n't make rum out of pineapples and bananas .
today it was a carbonated blue drink that tasted like bananas and strawberries .
sprawling plantations of mango , pawpaw and banana engorged the coastal plain .
atreus asked as they drove past a line of barasti shops selling fresh coconuts and bananas .
mangos , bananas , pears , strawberries , grapes and apples : shed never forgotten those tastes , not even after years of synthetic diluting .
we have beans and rice with salt pork and fish in banana leaf , the wench replied .
all right , i can take a hint , jeff smiled as he picked up a banana and some flatbread .
jeff grabbed a banana and some breadnuts and sat down at the table .
johnny and ann were careful where they placed their feet , lest they prick themselves on devil 's club spines as sharp as porcupine quills , or crush big slithering banana slugs or other creatures .
` ` i bet she 'd kill for a triple dip banana split ! ''
in it , i had packed just one bag of dried bananas and half a bottle of water .
` ` that 's what i said , '' greg replied , peeling a banana .
` ` say , '' kray said , gesturing at greg 's bag , ` ` do you have another banana ? ''
good christ , he thought ; if he had only known then what he knew now he 'd have taken up something useful and rewarding like selling surf boards in hawaii or raising bananas in honduras instead of physics , but now it was too damn late : his life was more than half over and it was a pathetic failure !
bates , eyes bulging and jaw hanging open like an ape that had just discovered a giant bunch of ripe bananas , walked to the nearest labeled box , and poked it and looked at it from several angles .
wink , gus , and fen apparently all had a passion for fruit , as they were consuming surprising numbers of oranges and bananas .
tracy threw away her banana peel and han had a pile peach pits on a napkin .
he gave a great insult to their father by using bananas to take their virtue .
of course after using the bananas , he used them in a more natural way .
they were tied to the bed and each had a half of a large yellow banana protruding from their deflowered bodies .
a small stream of red blood flowed down from the bananas staining the white sheets underneath them .
as she looked around and saw the picture of the three girls on his wall with bananas protruding from their bodies , it gave her great cause for alarm .
a bag of tvp and a bunch of bananas costs less than a bag of chips .
harlin picked a small bowl of oatmeal , a gincarva , a biscuit , a full cup of hydro , and sat down across the table from kajo , who had some rice , bananas , and feltry sausage .
they 're top bananas in terrorist dramas , but no offense mister steve , they 're monkey poop projectiles in the pantry genre !
then arek left and returned five minutes later with a tray full of breakfast items : two pastries , a banana , grapes , cinnamon bread , toast , and water .
beside the bed was a banana - shaped green tray and an opaque bottle with a wide mouth and curved neck .
what were going to do today does nt involve fighting traffic , being forced to look at fat mamas in swim dresses , or balding idiot dudes in banana hammocks .
charles had gotten some noodles and edgar got a salad and a banana .
then he went over to a shipment of bananas that had just arrived , took out his box cutter , and ran it along the seam of the box .
he reached in , snapped two bananas from a bunch , and concealed them in his apron .
to appease his growling stomach , ben reached into his sweatshirt pocket and took out his last banana .
` ` bananas , '' she announced .
` ` yes , bananas .
` ` no , i mean , bananas have a strong smelling chemical , an ester .
nine watched as he shoved a long magazine , a banana clip , into an automatic rifle .
he handed her another banana clip .
nisha picked up the ' new banana ' and shook her head .
nisha finished her ' new banana ' , ate a bowl of her favorite steel cut oatmeal , and turned on the audio portion of her video broadcast .
robbie and mr . cameron seem agreeable , though robbie is still incredulous , so after i finish a yogurt and another banana , i make my way upstairs .
the bananas , oranges and apples are copper - colored and piled together loosely in a stone bowl .
was it normal to go bananas and irrational over some boy that i had just met hours ago ?
it was generally boiled eggs and baked cheese and warm bread and petty sugary cakes called swing - stearls and boiled ripe bananas and apples and a dark colored preservers tea commonly known to them as cuff - and - crabe , which was on every occasion served and devoured with swing - stearls and boiled ripe or even unripe bananas .
it was generally boiled eggs and baked cheese and warm bread and petty sugary cakes called swing - stearls and boiled ripe bananas and apples and a dark colored preservers tea commonly known to them as cuff - and - crabe , which was on every occasion served and devoured with swing - stearls and boiled ripe or even unripe bananas .
the visitors , who sat on the sofas , were served grapes and cooked bananas and peeled - and - hewed apples and sparkling wine and some puny - loafed bread called mabwe .
he said as the cover of the notebook slipped off of the book like a banana peel revealing a classically handsome and thick book .
suella made sure to have plenty of bananas around and also kept liquid meal replacements in the refrigerator , to help with natalies electrolytes .
we walk up to the bluff and throw bits of banana for the gulls to catch .
next out is an anode wearing a dress made of one banana leaf , with the spine of the leaf running down parallel to the model 's backbone and trailing back behind like a dragons tail .
a beautiful evening dress that echoes the luminous green shades of the banana leaf , a range of short flowing dresses in shades of green , a green trouser suit that would be perfect for a leprechaun to wear to a st patrick 's day parade , and lastly a model wearing a battered olive green jacket with sensual green lacy knickers .
i make them tea and fresh melting moments and we walk up to the bluff and all sit on the very edge throwing bits of banana to the seagulls .
we start her off with bits of ripe banana , then squish up what 's left of our dinner and give it to her .
crossing the paddock , we stop in the shade of a mango tree to eat bananas then puff our way up to the hilltop .
nelly throws down her school bag , grabs a hand of bananas off the bench , gives me a quick kiss , then taking lilly and river by the hand , says , ' see you later , mum , ' and disappears .
i catch a glimpse of the kids up ahead , toodling along in their school uniforms eating bananas .
yes , like he had lost his mind and had rapidly gone mad and rampantly bananas .
not only that , but how about a guaranteed first bid on nafta 's next citrus and banana crop , and maybe , just maybe , a special exclusive deal on usa sugar beet byproducts for your nation 's livestock feed needs , which will free up more of your nation 's wheat and corn for human consumption , which will knock the prices down for the russian consumer .
the great pie in the sky , the big banana , and an honored place at the table with crazy prince eddie winzer , the duke of york , and soon to be king edward ix .
what the machine gave in quick succession was , i remember , the speckled pattern of the carpet renovated by the return to the pre - hanna years , the fold of a curtain , a dragons head on a chinese vase , a big oval mirror pivoted to a wooden stand , ceiling - cornices , the fluted leg of a chair ( i must stop ) an electrical outlet , certain keys of a piano i must nt enumerate , the cross of window - panes , a dish of fruit on the table : three mottled bananas , four apples , two oranges , a bunch of grapes , how many grapes ?
all of the leaves on the road , many of them wet , made it like driving on a gazillion banana peels .
` ` the stone - coat giants might be powered by radioactive bananas ? ''
she held a rifle with a long banana clip that slammed into the ceiling .
easy as taking a banana from a baby monkey .
i ve got a few bananas , she said .
we ca nt hide a saw in a banana , mom .
a guard took the bananas from him to give to his dad later .
mathew knew what his dad really missed was his moms cookingbut bananas would have to do for now .
mathew held up a pretend banana , pretended to peel it and eat it and pointed at the guard with his thumb .
` ` there was this flick back around 1970 , '' fred said , ` ` called the french connection , about a two - man team of heroin narks , and when they made their hit one of them went totally bananas and started shooting everyone in sight , including his superiors .
no wonder the locksmith had gone bananas .
casey put a banana and a thermos of juice in the lunch box , closed the lid .
gypsy sat across the table from me , a half - peeled banana , the dendritic bulb sprouting from his crumpled human thorax like fungus from the crotch of a dead oak .
` ` ordinarily you have to bribe her , or hide the pills in a piece of banana .
perfectly well ) , she signed that she wanted a banana .
kahega had produced a bunch of small , slightly sour jungle bananas .
but she now threw them into the water contemptuously , signing she wanted ` ` real bananas . ''
when elliot told her that they had no real bananas , she signed , amy want go home .
he was laying out test materials on the ground : a banana , a bowl of water , a piece of candy , a stick , a succulent vine , stone paddles .
kahega was making breakfast ; amy squatted by the fire , eating a roasted banana ( she had got kahega to make special treats for her ) ; munro and elliot were having coffee .
` ` i wo n't throw a banana peel under you .
instead , the vampire writhed weirdly , and she wound up tearing the flesh mask from him , peeling it away like a banana skin to reveal the slime - slick , flabby - bodied creature beneath it - the true ortega .
they flew like rotten bananas struck from the stem .
and i could do with a nice banana daiquiri .
but on a morning like this , sharing the street with empty chip bags and discarded banana peels beat the heck out of the marching masses .
maybe it was the frozen banana bobbing in my drink that provoked the question .
the drink had been a vague sort of embarrassment to me since it had arrived , frozen banana bobbing to the music .
i pushed the banana down into the drink , but it popped back up .
it was n't really trying to be obnoxious , but frozen bananas have a lower specific density than rum and pineapple juice , it turns out .
even better , any woman who was a regular would stick out like a banana in a highball glass .
i watched the bartender take a banana from the freezer .
i looked down at the bahamalama - dingdong , the nassau royale - stained banana looking back at me like a bloodshot eye , and took a sip .
tropical fruit sweetness poured over my tongue , textured by strips of rind shedding from the frozen banana .
it occurred to me that the only solid food i 'd had for dinner was seven frozen bananas , not enough for my voracious parasites .
but there were still mates and bananas to be fought over , so the non - scratchy monkeys evolved a non - scratchy way to compete : howling .
the baby spit up every mouthful of her cereal until i stopped and mixed it with some mashed banana .
if i 'd tried to use falsified emotion , it would no more have worked on them than an attempt to make a gorilla interested in a plastic banana .
i would have shot back a witty reply if i had n't slipped on a banana peel of self - recrimination , having said more or less those exact words not long before .
` ` you 'll be taking ten million out of his estate and if anybody whispers in the ear of his daughter '' ` ` she 's a total cokehead '' ` ` who goes through cash like a monkey through bananas .
` ` that 's peanut bvitter , banana , and bacon . ''
` ` i have no bacon or bananas , unfortunately , '' nigel said ( pronouncing the latter ba - naw - nas ) , ` ` but i do have peanut butter and three kinds of jelly .
there was a crate of ar-15 rifles , the barrels packed in grease , the firing mechanisms fragrant with banana oil .
then i strip the pants away from each leg , like peeling a banana .
that 's it , the perfect metaphor : peeling a banana .
the whole banana or no banana at all . ''
the whole banana or no banana at all . ''
mr marinville from across the street was over the other day with a banana cake he baked ( he 's quite a sweetie for a guy who once wrote a book about a man having a love - affair with his own daughter ... and called the book delight , of all things ) , and he spent some time with seth , who was taking a sandbox - break to watch bonanza .
mr marinville , who likes to be called johnny , watched with us for quite a while , the three of us eating banana cake and drinking chocolate milk like old pals , and when i apologized for seth 's wet breathing ( mostly because it drives me nuts , of course ) , marinville just laughed and said that seth could n't help his adenoids .
the box had been full of bananas from south america .
skin your banana .
it included three sandwiches , a bag of chips , a banana , and a carton of yogurt in addition to the wayward apple .
` ` they 're peanut butter on banana bread . ''
` ` peanut butter on banana bread ?
` ` saves slicing bananas .
but he disliked cucumbers and bananas .
then have a banana .
then have both a banana and a cucumber .
there was also a clear fluid which gave off an identifiable scent - bananas .
the glossy banana trees grew so high and dense they made a jungle clear back to the brick wall .
he took michael to see the banana boats come in and the thousands of bananas disappearing into the warehouse on the conveyor belts , warning him about the big black snakes that could hide in the banana stalks right until they hung them up in the markets .
he took michael to see the banana boats come in and the thousands of bananas disappearing into the warehouse on the conveyor belts , warning him about the big black snakes that could hide in the banana stalks right until they hung them up in the markets .
he took michael to see the banana boats come in and the thousands of bananas disappearing into the warehouse on the conveyor belts , warning him about the big black snakes that could hide in the banana stalks right until they hung them up in the markets .
he came down the front steps and went around the flagstone walk and past the screen porch , using his ladder as he went , to drive back the banana trees and the swollen oleander .
all that i had seen in the streets of port - au - prince had prepared me for a splendid equipage , yet this surpassed my imaginings , being an exquisite glass carriage with footman , coachmen , and two armed guards on horseback , all of them black africans , in full livery with powdered wigs and satin clothes the journey into the hills was most pleasant , the sky overhead stacked with high white clouds and the hills themselves covered with beautiful woodland and fine colonial dwellings , many surrounded by flowers , and the banana trees which grow here in abundance i do not think you can imagine the lushness of this landscape , for the tenderest hot house blooms grow here in wild profusion all year round .
great clumps of banana trees rise up everywhere .
the food was highly spiced and very delicious , the soup being a seafood stew filled with much pepper , and the meats being garnished with fried yams and fried bananas and much rice and beans and other delicious things .
everywhere i looked , i thought i beheld a face and figure , only to discover that it was a trick of the darkness - the banana trees shifting in the breeze , or those giant red flowers drowsing on their weak stems as they hung over the fences bordering the road .
' i heard sirens suddenly and as i rushed towards the waiting sidewalk , i glimpsed a man standing motionless and stiff , as it were , in a great clump of banana trees to the right of the gate .
' he vanished only this time i felt him vanish i felt the warmth and the sudden movement in the air it was as if something had been sucked away , and the bananas swayed violently but then the wind and the ram were knocking them about and suddenly i did not know what i had seen , or what i had felt my heart was skipping dangerously i felt another wave of dizziness time to get out .
great clumps of banana trees sprang like monstrous grass in patches of sunlight .
they were going to lose the banana trees and he hated it , but the beautiful camellias and azaleas were holding their own .
snow in paradise , pelting the frozen banana leaves , drifting past the high thick stems of bamboo .
` ` hi , dess , '' jonathan said through a mouthful of peanut butter sandwich on banana bread .
then she cut a large slice of fruitcake and put it in a brown paper bag , along with a banana and a slice of processed cheese in silver foil .
whoops , they say , sky gone all red , stars crashing to ground , what they putting in the bananas these days ?
the thin girl was gulping down one of richard 's bananas in what was , richard reflected , the least erotic display of banana - eating he had ever seen .
the thin girl was gulping down one of richard 's bananas in what was , richard reflected , the least erotic display of banana - eating he had ever seen .
the girl , who , he realized , had already managed to eat most of the fruit that richard had brought with him , swallowed the last of the banana and hesitated .
instead , only breakfasts had been packed , which meant there would be individual packs of cereal and a banana for all passengers , which they would have to eat with plastic knives and forks , because there were , unfortunately , no spoons , which may have been a good thing , because pretty soon there was n't any milk for the cereal , either .
` ` they only had cereal and bananas on the plane .
it had miles of sandy beaches and an extremely small rainforest in the center of the island ; it had bananas and sugarcane , a banking system that encouraged foreign investment and offshore corporate banking , and no extradition treaties with anybody at all , except possibly the congo and albania .
` ` i ' m going to get some more of that fish - and - green - banana thing .
` ` their classes are in different hallways , '' cara added after she swallowed a bit of banana , ` ` so the only time we have to deal with them is at lunch and social hour . ''
the room was dark ; the only light came from the tubes that hung in bunches on metal racks , like bananas hanging from a tree .
it had been roosting atop a pile of brown bananas .
he nudged the pile of bananas upon which the parrot had been feeding .
` ` over the next days , the hunter 's child died , and more in the village grew ill . then a week ago , a woman returning from gathering bananas from the garden found a marking on the outer wall of the shabano .
he reached the far wall , raised his machete , and began hacking through the woven palm and banana leaves .
a steel dish in a corner held a pile of monkey chow , along with slivers of fresh bananas .
omaha wound through the last of the stalls , passing shops selling knockoff perfumes , incense burners , bananas , tobacco , handcrafted jewelry , traditional dhofari dresses made of velvet and covered with beads and sequins .
it came equipped with a camelbak water pouch and a supply of powerbars and bananas .
he picked up a banana and sniffed at it .
` ` is that a banana ? ''
` ` your prank will be to replace the horn with a banana .
` ` where did you find a banana ? ''
he was about to trespass alone into the centaurs ' secret stronghold armed only with a banana .
seth fished out the banana from his emergency kit .
i ' m going to switch this banana for the soul of grunhold . ''
[ drawing : seth is showing the banana to the mountain troll . ]
but can you picture their faces when they look for the horn and find a banana ? ''
he crammed the banana into the hole .
the troll lumbered over to join him , and collapsed to the ground guffawing at the sight of the banana .
once they notice the banana , do n't tell them you helped me .
huddled among the stones , kendra ate a sandwich , a slightly overripe banana , and a hearty granola bar .
seth had a queasy feeling that if not for mendigo , he might be a brown , shriveled corpse out on the lawn , the human version of a spoiled banana .
his face was broader and flatter , with sunken eyes and tusks the size of bananas protruding from his mouth .
that would then lead into our vegetarian entree , for which i recommended potol with poppy seeds on a bed of banana leaves .
how sick they 'd be of squishing down on something soft and not knowing if it was a banana peel or something alive and deadly .
buster went bananas , running over to paci and jumping up on his legs , begging for attention .
there are a dozen ripe bananas on the table .
the tantric said a dozen ripe bananas with a suppressed smile while looking at jack , as if he really considered jack as a red - faced monkey without its tail .
as i was walking out i grabbed a banana , the forest was dry as there was no rain the night before .
the owner was busy topping off a heaping carton of bananas when colton approached the stand .
colton turned to walk away when movement in the cart of bananas caught his eye .
the bananas curled in on themselves as they darkened and shrank .
colton took a step toward the produce stand and the crate of oranges next to the bananas began to change as well .
a banana split is in front of me .
` ` when we were kids , you used to love banana splits , so i got you one , '' he murmurs .
i nervously slide in the booth when i notice that a banana split and a shake are on the same side .
as usual , he has my banana split ready for me as i slip into our private booth .
the banana spiders or giant wood spiders are from the nephila genus of spiders and are the oldest surviving species with discovered fossilized cavemen - like specimen known from 165 million years ago that s what the history book read in farm school as taffy recalls .
bot scurries away , while i chump the banana .
i flippantly mock for fun and torture , nodding , chewing , and spitting some banana mesh .
rosa assesses as i nosily gag and choke then roughly cough , and spit up the mushy piece of banana into my left hand without dying on the spot .
i giggle at the bike - seat in the shape of a banana , but black , not yellow .
he chuckles like a silly clown , tossing his left leg over the banana seat of bike , gunning the slo no engine like a middle - school fart .
i rudely grab the sweaty bottle , screwing the top from the glass then nosily gulp three deep swallows like an ocean fish of the tangy banana beverage .
i correct then consume more banana beverage .
bbot2 holds the needle in the air , spurting the excess liquid from the syringe as bbot1 sprays a white mist into my freckled face then i cough and sneeze , smelling the odor of bananas , feeling hungry .
i mentally think of bananas , dancing , singing , playing , feeling relaxed , lightheaded and really good as i droop my shoulders against the rear of the bed frame , tilting my pretty head to the left since my body movements are nt being controlled by my brain cells , seeing ranns handsome face inside the glass coffin .
bbot1 machines as tiny splatters of my red blood drip down the pink dress as the outer wound stops bleeding while i do not experience pain since the banana drug is working .
nia appears starkly inside the archway covered in orange sweet potatoes , green and red parts of the garden salad along with yellow banana pudding that splatters from her hair roots to toe nails looking like a very bad piece of art done by a two - year toddler .
dallas huffs musically in baritone trombone then parts the banana peel .
dallas tattles then finishes the banana .
argus finishes his small task then begins dices the banana into rounded wedges .
argus lands out the banana rounds around the apples slices .
` ` can i have your banana ? ''
i never ate bananas , as my friends well knew .
she shrugged and grabbed the banana off my tray .
` ` do you want my banana ? ''
i think you 're the only other person i ' ve ever met who did n't like bananas .
next to the apples is a crate of bananas , however there is not a single patch of yellow amongst them , each piece of the fruit is brown all over and bruno pokes one with the end of his newly received gun and it sinks into the banana , revealing a liquid - like substance inside and also allowing a foul smell to escape from inside it .
next to the apples is a crate of bananas , however there is not a single patch of yellow amongst them , each piece of the fruit is brown all over and bruno pokes one with the end of his newly received gun and it sinks into the banana , revealing a liquid - like substance inside and also allowing a foul smell to escape from inside it .
there are other families in the background , along with a banana boat in the distance bouncing over the waves .
camaro ducked an over - ripe tomato , followed in rapid succession by a grapefruit and a boomeranging banana that splattered harmlessly against the podium .
their trays were full of a diversity of meals and drinks : canaps with yellow and white cheese , banana bread , onion scones , mustard - roasted potatoes , trout with sliced carrots , and chicken with spicy chutney , which looked so inviting that eric could nt help following one of the girls who carried the tempting meals .
he chose fluffy pancakes , pouring pure maple syrup over them , topped them with crispy bacon and finished off with bananas , blueberries and strawberries .
i talked to duncan already , said nathan , between bites of a banana .
they were fighting like two gorillas squaring off over a banana .
yeah , raed like to meet this beth and throw rotten bananas at her , along with a few moldy tomatoes .
a wonnot looked like a purple banana .
again , the lacrosse guys go bananas .
he tells me a story about how his mother made a banana cream pie , years back , and how he fell in love with the pie .
i do nt eat bananas , i say .
now i know not to eat bananas before kissing you .
me : you did nt eat a banana , i know .
so when she brought out bowls of sliced bananas and poured milk into them , my anticipation quickly turned to disappointment .
hiding my displeasure at the lack of a sweet dessert , i took the bowl mom handed me and ate all the bananas .
we ve moved on a bit since then , thank you , just as you have from your banana loving ancestors .
and what s wrong with bananas ?
they just used to surround her with a pile of more edible bananas ?
if i had a banana , i d quite like to squash it in your smug face .
with or without the squashed banana ?
i had a banana cream shake and shane was eating an oreo blast .
with the one hundred dollar bill flapping in the wind , and a frantic red believing with all his heart that a teenage boy sitting on the banana seat of his sting - ray bicycle had taken him , richie rode up tibbett avenue to the corner of w234th street and turned right , and then right again onto corlear avenue .
i want you to disappearvanishmake like a banana and splitthats what i want from you .
as he spoke he peeled a banana and tossed it into a blender .
i asked , stepping toward a fairy pinned against a piece of wood , his guts pinned around him , his chest opened and peeled back like a banana .
stinky stinky bo binky - banana fana fo finky - fee fi mo minky stinky !
it was full of fresh fruit ; bananas , pears , apples , and grapes .
she came out of the door with two bananas , and handed me one .
had she gone bananas ?
his response to ` ` banana , '' for example , was ` ` the soul needs only to be pure . ''
harley tosses me an apple , kennie slides me a banana , and these small gestures make me smile for the first time today .
the banana should help , kennie explains , a wide smile splitting her glossed lips , revealing her perfect teeth .
i do nt know very much about bananas .
i like bananas .
if a question about bananas comes up , i think i ve got it down .
are we actually having a conversation about bananas ?
i really want to peel the banana but there is no way i am eating that in front of him .
i lift it gingerly from the counter , because its the most precious thing to me at right now , and take a deep , deep breath , smelling the chocolate chip banana goodness i have loved since i was a kid .
hilary , knowing how much zephyr can eat , starts preparing more batter by cutting more bananas and setting them aside with the bag of chocolate chips , she grabs the large bowl from the sink and rinses it out , all to eavesdrop , i know .
i start peeling the banana i snagged from the lunch line while the cafeteria lady was nt paying attention .
not really a date from hell , harley , i start before taking another bite from the banana .
i grab my backpack and banana peel , launching it into the nearest garbage can ; before i am surrounded by gyrating wanna - biebers who make the art of dance seem like a disease .
immediately entering the house , the overwhelming scent of banana chocolate chip muffins floats through the air and my mouth instantly waters .
open it up so that i can sprinkle the charms he said as he used a banana leaf to mix the liquid in the calabash .
daniel immediately opened it for him and he sprinkled the white liquid with the banana leaves he attached together and whispered some incantations as he sprinkled .
grapes , oranges , bananas .
he wanted coffee , for instance , but he wound up with a banana instead .
she took a bite out of the chocolate and bananas on toast that dustin had made for her .
after three bowls of cereal and a banana that had been lying on the counter emma snuck back upstairs , her hunger temporarily dulled .
the jelly jar was empty , but he found a browned banana , that he sliced onto his sandwich .
with only a peanut butter and banana sandwich since breakfast yesterday , bottles was hungry .
you apes lose your bananas ?
her mum had left her a banana , an apple and a bowl of sushi .
bending a banana or crushing a grape was nt exactly the worlds strongest man .
she grabbed some grapes and a banana .
the last thing i needed was for ivor to go off in the huff and start leaving banana skins on the rungs .
you just need to distract her with a bit of food , said johan , pulling a couple of bananas out of his suit .
i 'll go in , you distract her with the bananas , and ill get a hold of the wee man and lead him out .
the monkeys in the main enclosure all sprang awake at this point and started going , well , bananas .
did you really think we were going to outsmart it with a couple of bananas and a bit of pointing ?
just down the hall and past the bedrooms , i stopped off at the kitchen and grabbed a banana to go .
so , with nothing else to do , i take a quick shower and head upstairs , pick up a croissant and a banana , skim the papers , and then head on over to aqua aerobics .
yep , added sami , they go bananas over that game .
belinda wore a simple red dress , contrasting with her short brunette hair done in tight banana curls .
he grabbed a banana from the kitchen counter and hurried down the hall .
he was a nice guy , but he was nt the brightest banana in the bunch , if you know what i mean .
instead , he was squatting by the edge of the sidewalk , observing a couple of ants that scurried over a browning banana peel .
the only splits i could handle from now on were ones with bananas .
how about we share a banana split ?
buddy had prepared a light meal of yogurt and toast with a sliced banana for the girl .
iridescent shoots that looked like a cross between bamboo and banana leaves rose from the thicket .
even a piece of fruit , like a banana , would have been better to see on his tray .
i d never again eat banana nut waffles .
while the oatmeal simmered , we gathered bananas , raisins , nuts , maple syrup , brown sugar , and whatever else looked like it might be tasty stirred into oatmeal .
i stuck with bananas , walnuts , and brown sugar .
a few gave me hugs and shared good news about making the last weeks recipeorganic vegan banana breadat home .
bags of crisps , bowls of cereal , toast , chocolate and even a banana passed his lips as he sought to tame the raging beast in his stomach .
sliced bananas and pears were on a plate in the middle of the table along with three sets of utensils and folded paper towel .
yesterday i had 87 ounces of water , a snack sized bag of pretzels , a banana and one arugula and ricotta cheese canap .
cinta busts through the first door standing on my left near the wall scanning the faces inside the crowded corridor of shuffling folks moving passed a series of rectangular archways that represents each grade classroom veering towards the left and to the right is the schools lunchroom where the food vendors are selling tons of fresh steamed hotdogs , grilled hamburgers , juicy bbq sandwiches , cold ice cream , hot popcorn , carmel apples , dipped peanut bananas , and other food stuffs as cinta whispers into my right eardrum .
no banana for you .
raphael , the only angel that was nt bathing in light , smiled warmly toward him and calmly peeled the big mans fingers from his arm like a banana .
soon enough your spirit will slip like a banana from its peel back to star dust and ether .
i grabbed a bran muffin and a banana .
she went bananas .
he brought out a package of them and a banana .
then dad made me open one up and put it on the banana myself .
i remembered how i thought i d be scarred for life when dad used the banana to show me how they work .
and bananas ?
i eat a chocolate chip muffin and a banana and drink a tall glass of cold milk for breakfast .
ash poked the banana which had morphed into brown mush .
` ` and , after celebrating at nick 's , why do n't you bring gene over to the house for banana splits ?
katie opened the bag lucinda packed and pulled out four sandwiches two bananas two waters and two fruit cups .
the house still smelled of my best childhood memories : fresh - cut wildflowers and homemade banana bread .
there was a three tier banana cream cake sitting on one of the tables that had cami and baby written on top in pink icing .
llorel came back with a couple of yogurts , bananas and a pint of orange juice .
i stared at bananas , coconut , a few bread , and a black concoction that i could only assume was poison .
it was on these slopes that families had their plots on which they grew taro root , breadfruit , yams , bananas , and everything else they needed .
kai always says it resembles the sound of an ape going nuts for bananas .
stanton discovered a lonely packet of ginger biscuits in one cupboard and emptied the fruit bowl of its contents , 2 apples , 3 bananas and a pear .
dizzy filled five cups with orange juice and grabbed a few apples and bananas , while steve loaded up on donuts , muffins , and bagels .
i felt like a fool , but i donned the banana slugs t - shirt and ventured out .
i woke early , scarfed down some banana bread , and then went to the herald to check messages .
i rose and went in the kitchen , grabbed some banana bread , and turned on the tv .
unpacking my suitcase , i realized i had forgotten anything to sleep in , so mark loaned me his banana slugs t - shirt and a pair of his boxers .
he flopped on his banana peel legs over to where my hands were clutching the windowsill .
the solar heat and light powers everything from the kitchen blender for a banana and strawberry shake to the projector - wall for entertainment communication .
he strode into the kitchen , impossibly large bare feet slapping against the tiles , and snagged a banana out of the fruit bowl .
he said pointing the banana at brandon , who was busily finger painting with squash - cracker crumb paste .
cmon , rock , lets blow this joint , get outta dodge , make like a banana ... these guys need some male - bonding time .
moms called me banana and sweetheart many times , but this time , for some reason , it just sounded genuine .
they were elegantly decorated with vases filled with banana leaves and birds of paradise .
pepino held a plastic shopping bag , poking out of the top was a loaf of bread and some green bananas , better known as platanos .
sometimes it was a bit of mango , other times a banana or a piece of melon , but always somehow by the end of the day something was there .
it has an estimated population of more than two million people , most of whom farm nuts , yams , cassava , bananas , and beans .
i had nt eaten yet , and caridad made one fantastic hamburger , complete with wild rice , banana peppers and red onions .
still , one burger was enough to feed yours truly and the banana peppers were just spicy enough that the whole thing was best washed down with a cold beer which is exactly what was waiting for me after finishing off the final bite .
oh , and there are some apples and bananas in my office - i 'll fix you something , shall i ? ''
8:44 p.m. ` ` its going to get noisy here for a sec , said jonathan , indicating the blender full of bananas , blueberries , yogurt and pineapple juice .
one of the young ladies that worked at my mothers hairdresser shop - or beauty parlor as they were called in the 60s - was eating a banana .
but the reason this event had such impact is that before she brought the banana to me , i saw that she took the soft , bad , brown area that bananas often have and ate that herself , leaving a clean fresh banana for me .
but the reason this event had such impact is that before she brought the banana to me , i saw that she took the soft , bad , brown area that bananas often have and ate that herself , leaving a clean fresh banana for me .
but the reason this event had such impact is that before she brought the banana to me , i saw that she took the soft , bad , brown area that bananas often have and ate that herself , leaving a clean fresh banana for me .
this contrast between good & bad , give & take that were present in that banana and in that interaction with the young lady , became a theme of my life .
the milk had an ice skim on it and the banana was almost black , but the cereal was untouched by the cold .
wil spend a couple of hours walking around a marketplace attached to the bus station to find something suitable for breakfast which was difficult , so he just had a couple of bananas .
passing through countryside which was dotted in coconut palms and small fields of rice and corn , stands of bananas , papaya and possibly peanuts or whatever plant that choose that place to put its feet into , knowing it would grow and yield .
here he was now within a place , a place beside fields of rice and tree canopied laneways , of thatched houses tucked away within trees and coconut palms , bananas , papaya and mango , the sun strong on the ground , and shadows dark under the canopy .
gotama left the company , and turning in , off the main road , entered and walked slowly through a grove of bananas and slender palms to arrive at a fine village home .
a girl stood eating fruit that not only appeared out of thin air but was air , carelessly tossing a banana peel to the floor .
overcome with awe and hunger , he and his mom took refuge in a caf , where poncey ordered the peanut butter and banana sandwich , but found he could not swallow the mush without first dousing it with burnin love hot sauce .
the older girls who already had sex with men could do more tricks with bananas , and the oldest sister in the group , who had been pregnant and given birth , could even cram all manner of living things up inside like squirming frogs and live birds .
it was the only place in new zealand that grew bananas , and was immensely popular with young travelers , he thought .
she found a banana in the fruit bowl and snapped off half of it , eating the piece in her hand , and the remaining half she left on the tv table .
the old ship was manifested as delivering coffee and bananas from colombia , which was largely true , although the money - making haul was the ten tons of cocaine stashed in the specially constructed compartments in her lower hold , which to cursory inspection appeared to be the floor of the cargo area inside the hull .
seen others get just a little and go bananas .
they own plantations for oranges in florida , bananas in tropical countries , vegetables , canned foods .
if you re gunna kill me , stick a banana up my arse , it ll give the mortician something to laugh about !
beside the car park was a standard council rubbish bin stuffed almost full with ice cream wrappings , paper cups , banana skins and worse .
i peeled a banana , took one bite , then threw it away .
walk in , get a table , order a burger and a banana split to be served at the same time , then go to the gents .
like a banana , she used to say .
maybe she had a pickle or a banana taped to her inner thigh .
i grabbed a banana from my desk and went over to the computer room a tiny corner with two computers set up for personal use .
iveta saw left and right the abundant green of banana - trees , bread trees and palms .
she slurped her blueberry and banana smoothie , laced with piracetam and other nootropic drugs , and watched him with a playful tilt of the eyebrows and jaw .
there are some very private estates inland as well as a lot of banana trees .
hmmpf collin finished dressing and took a banana as he went out side to wait for charlie .
collin finished his banana and tossed the skin into the brush .
i also grabbed a plastic container that i filled with plain greek yogurt , sliced bananas , some low - fat granola , a splash of vanilla extract , and some honey .
the dai - ichi kangyo bank , ltd . of tokyo has unceremoniously reduced citicorp to second banana .
noda 's going to figure out what happened any second now and go totally bananas . ''
a childs crib stood at one end , drafted into service as a container garden and densely overgrown with baby banana trees , mint , and tomato plants in bloom .
forte and manny walked around the back yard under the pecan trees , letting the meal settle a bit before the banana pudding was brought out .
the color makes me think of banana pudding for whatever reason and that makes my stomach rumble , reminding me that i have nt had supper yet and i m starving .
just then i recalled being at annas all those years ago , sitting on the bench outside her parents house beside the girl i was secretly in love with , chatting about god - knows - what , and a little girl comes riding up on a pink bicycle with one of those banana seats , wide handlebars with billowing white and red streamers .
annas kid sister zipped by us on the sidewalk riding her pink bike with an exaggeratedly long banana seat , honking her wha - ooga wha - ooga horn as she passed .
ballard appeared , holding a steaming loaf of banana bread .
a moment later , ballard 's huge face appeared over me , still chewing a bite of the banana bread .
i do n't want any more furnished dollhouses or connemara ponies or pink silk dresses with curled ribbons and bows or diamond stud earrings or whipped banana pies .
papa filled the air with tiny floating sparkly lights that tasted like vanilla or banana or mango or chocolate if you caught one in your mouthnot that i tried to .
and inside , all the food i could eat : bananas and aa berries and avocados and coconuts .
later , hand open with the turned palm downward that ripples from him to me ( this is vodka to the banana , a true rarity , and is mine preferred !
how about going to igloo ice cream shop for a shake or banana split ?
finally , we had dessert , baked bananas covered with honey and chocolate .
these goods ranged from dog chains to mentos candies , bananas and deep - fried chofi , the latter a mouth watering but artery clogging , fried turkey tail ; one could literally go grocery shopping in the backseat of a car in accra traffic .
the booths flanking the left and the right of the entrance was preferred mostly by the older folks where they could enjoy their sundaes and banana splits and gossip about the goings - on around paraloma and still be able to see who came into town , ( and when they made it home they would call another good friend and say guess who came into town today ? )
he thought antrobuss love must be a cold , square thing , formulated during cool spring mornings over herbal tea and a banana , and fashioned to a detail .
the worm peels apart like a banana , allowing mark to carefully uses the forceps to peel back the outer layer of hardened exoskeletal skin .
now , mccarthy was trying to work on deals trying to get farms in florida to provide more oranges , bananas , mango , and papaya .
hmmm , mom , mel said , shoving a banana cinnamon waffle into his mouth .
making sure the roads clear before i cross , or there s no banana skins in my way or i have nt had one too many drinks before i get into my car .
lukas peeled a banana .
some banana bread was on a plate on the floor .
sticking his chest out as far as it would go , he said , i m second banana .
you completed your repast with two bananas and a cup of coffee .
by the banana skins on your- yeah , yeah , thanks sherlock , you do nt have to spell it out .
otherwise he would make all bananas turn blue and taste like fish paste !
some ignored these more absurd demands probably people who did nt like bananas in this case but that only caused more trouble .
harvey wall could make out a banana , a cucumber , an orange and a tomato .
carolina returns with a tray with some oatmeal , a banana , and cup of coffee .
it was some applesauce , half a banana , and some yogurt .
the giant chimpanzees would shake me , i forgot bringing bunches of bananas for the little children .
perfect blend of yogurt , bananas , strawberries and spinach , todd said with a grin .
i do nt mean , hey , that dude is so bananas , he just stripped down to skivvies and jumped in the hotel fountain !
they are all mango people in banana republics , tolerating no dissent while their ordinary citizens starve .
why not throw him a banana .
and some days i find myself thinking about his lifeless body , made lifeless by the swing of my sledgehammer , and i think , why could nt he have just peeled that damn negro for such a thing to me is as simple as peeling a banana .
he held up something : a bunch of bananas , some of which were just empty skins .
he did the same now , carefully opening a banana from the bottom and sliding it out .
he fished in a bunch of shopping bags laid on a table and extracted a banana .
donald bunks , the local grocer , supplied peoples fruit and vegetables and that was as far as people wanted to know ; they did nt care that unless he had banana trees and cabbage patches and such in his back yard , then he must have his own external supplier .
opening the fridge , i decide i ca n't stomach another sandwich and grab a yogurt and a piece of banana bread .
to him , there was nothing better to cure a hangover than banana pancakes with chocolate sprinkles , fresh coffee and lots and lots of fresh air .
he ran down several banana trees to get back to the road .
five minutes later , an over - stimulated monkey , escorted by a gigantic banana , three vampires , and a ghost , arrived .
the six - foot - two banana managed to hoist the tiny primate onto his shoulders , so the other costumed children had a chance to choose their candy from the dish .
sorry , the exhausted man in the banana costume told henry , trying to retrieve them from the squirming toddler .
here are your bananas , sir .
why thank you , young lady , do you like bananas ?
does greece even have bananas , the way things are ?
when he was young he d peel a banana and think i m the first and last human to ever lay eyes on this piece of fruit flesh .
but then i made like a banana and split .
of course , because that s how they rolled , thirty - eight guys all in this thing as a team , you drop a banana peel and its not some stranger who lands on his ass , but one of your buds .
he topped it off with two pieces of store - bought banana cream pie .
also we do packets of dried fruit , like dried bananas , banana chips . ''
also we do packets of dried fruit , like dried bananas , banana chips . ''
some banana leaves were longer than a tall man , and the longest were wider than a full span of a man 's arms .
the roof of the house opposite was visible , coconut and banana trees around the roof , nothing else .
charlie pushed past the detective as carl winters chimed in , looks to me like a banana followed by a couple of nuts .
i once saw this television show where a gal was doing the banana roundup in the pen with some baghead she married .
jake wanted to be more of a twinkie than a banana .
he already had a banana protruding from his coat pocket .
i asked motioning toward the banana .
and when they rode past , displaying that world series trophy that had eluded them all , kendall , even then a state representative , went bananas with the rest of red sox nation .
i m calling the cops raymond the clown does nt take crap from no two bit pi , he said harshly , picking up a phone that appeared to be a banana split .
' chocolate or banana ? '
he took out the banana muffin and handed her the bag before sitting on the edge of the desk .
' elevenses , a banana chocolate - chip muffin , and as the coffee maker is broken a latte .
* * * jack nightingale liked to say that his diet consisted of the five major food groups in perfect balance : takeaways , coffee , banana muffins , corona beer and cigarettes .
' i bring banana muffins , ' nightingale announced .
what was it about him that drove these girls so bananas ?
y all fuck around with that bullshit , i m gettin something to eat , eldorado declares , plopping down on a plush , patterned couch with a hastily assembled plate - a sandwich , a mountain of chips , a banana - behind them .
every other vendor sells red rice it seems , the local delicacy , and the other half are peddling banana fibers skirts , or leaves interwoven into baskets .
yeah , man , i was bananas over that chick , too , i really was .
amy dug into her purse and pulled out a banana .
what we have here is a failure to communicate by steve banks i ca nt tell you about banana republics like panama about the joy of little freedoms about cigars , cuban go ahead light them in public .
foosball more fun by steve banks hey andy , matt and maria are like two nuts in a banana hammock .
i could hear the leaves of the banana trees rustling against the door .
` ` that nose will have to be set , and it 'll be big as a banana tomorrow . ''
the musics driving me bananas , he said , seeing that she was now watching .
he was a walking beanstalk of a man with a banana for a nose and a catchers glove for hands .
the stuff from the bottom of an unfinished can of beans , the slop after a big dinner , a few curling banana peels and some flesh that does nt seem quite ready to turn .
he was still sitting cross - legged beneath the dog - koon tree in the cooling breeze from the electric fan on an extension lead , but he knew there was nothing in the house except a blackening bunch of bananas covered in fruit flies .
a bunch of bananas hung on a hook , fruit flies swarming around them , a tin of lychees in syrup , a bunch of red onions hanging on another hook , the coffee ingredients and a plastic sack of rice .
instead , he stood and scanned the fruit - green mangoes , bananas , pineapples , rambutan and fresh green coconuts floating in polystyrene boxes of iced water .
in one corner of a small , grassy clearing liberally scattered with shrubs , a forlorn banana tree and a small patch of dry looking vegetables , was a rough looking wooden structure built about a meter or so above the ground .
do n't , for goodness sake , use my art studio by the mango tree , but feel free to utilise the area by the two banana trees , instead ... ... ... i think i will if you wo n't . ''
` ` buy some iced coconut juice and fresh bananas from the side of the road , jim . ''
it was his old lady with the basket of eggs and fried bananas , a water colour of the woman 's shoulders , the wooden yoke and her face looking directly out , the deep lines on her face drawn in sharp black ink , the wispy , grey hair falling across her dry and sunburned cheeks .
i gave all my watta to lady who sell banana but still not get any free banana . ''
i gave all my watta to lady who sell banana but still not get any free banana . ''
but i can make you a peanut butter and banana sandwich .
at the risk of upsetting everyone , i d like to make another suggestion which might avoid an even bigger banana skin than the one we ve just stepped on .
kitoi apologized for not having turkey and served them duckling sauted in curry tomato sauce , cooked bananas , potatoes , cassava , ugali made with white cornmeal , and papaya for dessert .
miranda , unable to peel the skin from a banana with her teeth , squished it with her elbow and licked the meat of the fruit off the floor .
women offered him salted fish wrapped in banana leaves .
he followed her , avoiding the banana peel which was littered on the third step of the stairs .
i had gotten so little of my banana oatmeal at breakfast ; i needed to have time to eat lunch .
kanani and batemans daypacks were crammed with beef jerky , water , power bars , some bananas .
on impulse he grabbed several and crammed them into the laundry bag , along with a banana from a basket of fruit on the coffee table .
the man took them to an upscale market in osu where they loaded up on water bottles , soft pretzels , chocolate and brioche , along with a one cedi bunch of bananas from the fruit vendors across the street .
of course , we already have research stations for cocoa production and banana disease resistance and such .
luca went back in the house and filled his star wars backpack with two granola bars , a banana , and two bottles of smartwater from his moms side of the refrigerator .
she pointed at jones and exclaimed , that s osama banana !
no , mom , its osama banana !
he was nt sure if he even came close to banana .
he visualized the likely looks on hasenfus and bananas faces when they inevitably burst into the train station , only to find a different family heading for a weekend trip to montreal .
all you need to remember is , if anyone slips or gets caught up in a gust , grab your ax with one hand on the head and one on the shaft , ram the banana blade into the ice , and fall on it , planting your crampons .
you grab that thing , your hand looks like a bunch of bananas around it .
he walked over to the counter and was inspecting its contents -- a plate of dry - looking ginger cakes , a pile of packeted banana crisps , and some jars -- when he heard quick steps outside .
and while the meal moved sluggishly on , the dining - room was being turned into a ` ` tropical jungle '' with the help of potted plants , piles of oranges and coconuts , and an occasional stem of bananas -- this was a backdrop for the calypso band , which , in wine - red and gold - frilled shirts assembled in due course and began playing ` ` linstead market '' too loud .
he got passages for them both in one of the early banana boats sailing from avonmouth to kingston , jamaica , which they both agreed would be a paradise of sunshine , good food , cheap drink , and a glorious haven from the gloom and restrictions and labour government of postwar england .
a young fisherman disappeared from the village of shark bay , and had not been heard of since , and an anonymous new york syndicate purchased the island for a thousand pounds from the present owner of the llanrumney estate , which was now a rich banana and cattle property .
chapter xvii the undertaker 's wind paw - paw with a slice of green lime , a dish piled with red bananas , purple star - apples and tangerines , scrambled eggs and bacon , blue mountain coffee - the most delicious in the world - jamaican marmalade , almost black , and guava jelly .
they drove on through the beautiful little banana port of oracabessa and ocho rios with its huge new bauxite plant , along the north shore to montego bay , two hours away .
it was a strong western handful of operative fingers - not the banana skin handshake of the east that makes you want to wipe your fingers on your coat - tails .
on his dressing table was a large , ornate basket of fruit - tangerines , grapefruit , pink bananas , soursop , star - apples and even a couple of hothouse nectarines .
says someone 's been trying to feed him a poisoned banana .
and there are wild bananas and things .
she did a bit of sewing and laundry in the village and grew a few plantains and bananas and things and there was a big breadfruit tree up against the old house .
now it was in bananas and cattle , and it was one of the richest and best run of all the private estates in the island .
there he ran the stolen car on to the grass verge beside the road and the three men got out and walked the quarter of a mile through the sparsely lit main street to the banana wharves .
there are a lot of germans well dug in in these banana republics .
how 's that bite your banana ? ''
if he gets the urge to suck something , tell him to try a banana ! ''
elizabeth had ordered a banana split , which had turned out to be absolutely enormous , and her father had not criticized her .
she decided to make a banana cake , one of joshua 's favorite desserts .
he owned a shipping line , a banana plantation , cattle ranches , a meat - packing company , and more corporations than jeff could count .
he looked at his watch and peeled a banana .
he took an inch off the banana , and said nothing .
the banana was history .
he sat on a circular bench with his back to new hampshire , and unpacked a store - bought breakfast of banana and muffin .
he took an inch off the banana .
he took a long bite and the banana was finished .
a china plate smeared with blackened banana rested in the old man 's lap .
the woman brought him a plate of sticky rice wrapped in banana leaf , and he thanked her .
a moment later she plucked out of the black , volcanic earth a small package of tied banana leaves .
pineapple , papaya , bananas , oranges .
as one of my grandchildren puts it , i ' m ` ` eating bananas '' , whatever the hell that means . '
` i do n't know his name but he 's the top banana .
then after walking at least half the distance to the bronx , i was picked up by the only person i know who may have more loose bananas in her head than i do .
the apples and bananas and grapes were and # 8226 ; wrapped in green cellophane , and looked pretty sitting next to a rather large and expensive arrangement of colorful flowers sent by the concerned friends at ark - lon fixtures .
a banana strain could be developed that would send the nylon and the tricot boys into panic , to say nothing of the fruit shippers . '
the sombreroed owner was arguing with customers by a set of ancient scales ; several ragged children stole bananas from the rear of the vehicle .
we knew last night 's victim had n't slipped on a banana skin .
* * * about the time roosevelt served the banana cream pie and coffee , tammy greenwood hemphill of greenwood services parked her dirty brown rabbit behind the shiny peugeot in the st . andrew 's episcopal school parking lot .
on her hands were cotton gloves , now gray and sooty , which might once have been a debutante 's , and as she rummaged through the plastic bottles and skeins of cellophane and apple cores and banana peels and crumpled advertising flyers , the gloves grew even dirtier .
i baked a banana pudding . ''
* * * after three hours , i left the ruffin home stuffed yet again with banana pudding .
` ` an equal playing field for the rich and the poor , which is total bananas because there 's no such thing .
he parted a cluster of spanish broom and peered through at a single figure , who knelt behind the tree , reloading a heckler and koch mp5k compact submachine gun with a fresh banana clip .
breakfast had been a banana and a stale bagel .
bran cereal , skim milk , and a banana for herman .
` ` ben , when you get to be my age , you do n't buy green bananas , '' godwin resumed .
` ` he has the backbone of a banana . ''
found a banana in a bowl on the counter .
the guy must have hands like bunches of bananas .
sitting at the kitchen table , reading the newspaper and shoveling special k into his mouth without tasting it ( he has forgotten both the sugar and the sliced banana in his distress at seeing yet another wendell green byline on the front page of the herald ) , is chief gilbertson himself .
even if the customers have no choice but to dance with one foot in the grave and the other on the proverbial banana peel , they do dance .
i had a large breakfast , cereal and toast and even a banana , and sang on my way out to my car .
i watched cnn for a while - heiresses need to be well - informed - fidgeted with my makeup , ate a banana , and scrubbed the kitchen sink , and then finally it was time to go .
but he also smelled bananas , which made no sense .
on top of it rested a thick bunch of bananas .
jerrod peeled two bananas and began to slice them into the oatmeal with a swiss army knife .
he picked a cluster of overripe bananas off the floor , the only offering of produce , and pushed the cart between the dead .
he tucked the bananas under his right arm and grabbed the flashlight and started walking up the aisle toward the front of the store .
they ate the bananas - too soft and reeking of that oversweet candy stench of fruit that has just begun to turn - and jack let them split his share .
terrance smelled like a banana stew , but he did n't seem to mind .
they tossed manny and john in the back of the van , then lifted the other two guys and threw them into the back of the garbage truck with the stewed tomotoes and black bananas and empty frozen - food trays .
anyway , supposedly this union organizer was causing trouble down in el salvador back in the early seventies , threatening trevor stone 's banana , pineapple , and coffee interests .
` ` jesus christ , he 's got a banana ! ''
` ` sir , '' the security guard said , trying to sound authoritative and yet polite , now that several tenants bore witness , ` ` put the banana down . ''
i pointed the banana at him .
i tossed the banana at him .
the security guard picked up his nightstick and dropped the banana .
keep the banana . ''
actor slips on a banana peel , trips over a curb , hell , runs down a street ?
the beers were cold and the dog was old , a gray bloodhound with soft ears the size of banana leaves .
` ` i ' m not your banana ! ''
` ` well , if we have room for dessert , do me a favor and order the chocolate banana cake . ''
` ` because i ' m going to order the apple strudel , but i want to try the chocolate banana too .
sometimes the boat was made of wood , sometimes of banana leaves .
he gave up on them and turned to the task of disassembling his camp bed , which had skinned two knuckles and crushed one finger when he put it up and still looked as though it was designed for a man shaped like a banana .
she pulled a thick banana from her pack and slipped around the building , slowly unpeeling the fruit as she went .
as she emerged from the thick shrubbery , she paused deliberately in the sliver of moonlight , bringing the banana to her mouth and running her tongue over the tip of it .
juliette smiled at him around the banana .
juliette pulled the banana from her mouth , gaining ground , her hips swaying , her smile flirtatious .
she held out the banana and seemed to notice her blouse gaping open for the first time .
she held the banana to his mouth .
jasmine scowled as she took a banana .
` ` the banana trees are a mess from the freeze . ''
` ` i ' m not too worried about the banana trees .
mr . cataliades said , regarding me as if i were a monkey who 'd opened a hatch to retrieve a banana .
you ca n't talk to her without her saying something like , ' i made banana pudding today ; it was your father 's favorite . '
sort of a mix between almonds , bananas , and shoe leather .
` ` we have very nice vanilla , served with jack - fruit and grilled bananas . ''
it smelled more like roasted chicken and bananas , which meant the person who had hidden here had also attended the feast .
the village women had brought them a breakfast of guava , bananas , rice , and hot tea .
i open my eyes , ready to fight , but the foul odor of rotting banana peels and musty socks surrounds me .
stifling a shudder , i opened the freezer and shoved it between the cold - burned waffles and the banana bread that tasted like asparagus that my mom had brought over .
she had bought lots of gummy bears , three tins of baked beans , some cheese , a packet of choco- drop krackles , and a whole ton of bananas .
we had sliced bananas and baked beans , which wanda mixed up in a saucepan .
i spent the rest of the day in our wednesday bedroom feeling sick , and if any one had mentioned bananas and baked beans i probably would have been sick .
though witches mimicked humanity almost perfectly , we were as different as bananas from fruit flies at a cellular level .
or perhaps a banana split .
he stopped , looked thoughtful for a moment , then picked up a banana and began to eat it , skin and all .
it was a dirt road overgrown with banana trees and kudzu .
if she replayed their encounters , her libido would spike , sending her diving for crackers or a banana , anything to quash it- her stomach rumbled now , another surge of nausea taking her .
stinging nettles snagged my jeans as i carefully stepped over fat banana slugs - and even the occasional toadstool .
chapter 18 iquitos , amazonia fifteen hours later ... lucia sprinted from the heli pad through the remote river - port town , her senses bombarded by scents and sounds : the smell of hot peppers and green bananas in the market stands ; the incessant horns from motorcycle rickshaws ; street vendors hawking their wares , unaffected by the on - and - off drizzle of rain .
i 'd just done the grocery shopping a few days ago , so there were several apples and a couple of bananas in there .
my pasta forgotten , i watched as maya picked up two apples and one banana and laid them on either side of the basil plant .
but as they did , the apples and banana shriveled , going brown .
unlike him , max had committed himself to serving as second banana to kade 's father , the leader of the fairbanks darkhaven .
i hurriedly finished a banana and told eddie and jill i 'd see them later .
slipped on the banana .
on our travels we would see tiny skiffs cross the water loaded up with bananas and rum in the west indies .
in puget sound there are slugs that big , banana slugs .
towns of tiny pastel houses , and banana trees growing wild , and the people so poor , so hungry .
when i ' m scared i get very quiet , but when wanda is scared she just goes bananas .
and the dessert of broiled bananas and sugar was enough to bring any sensible human being to his knees .
banana trees , give me those as well .
but now he smokes a pipe and wears those horrible sweaters and he collects bananas and makes models of human organs out of matchsticks because he thinks hobbies make you more human !
if you '' re not an apple , you '' re a banana ...
captain carrot , you are to make sure he eats the apple and the banana .
said the librarian , patting a. e. pessimal on the head and handing him a banana skin .
she climbed the step and pushed through the reed mats of the doorway into what looked to be some kind of warehouse , possibly for bananas , if the sweet smell was to be believed .
and we sat in our saturday bedroom and ate three banana chews , five rhubarb custards , ten pink sticky shrimps , four toffees , one piece of fudge , two strawberry chews , and a whole bar of fruit and nut chocolate .
one banana .
she may look all tough and shit , but her aura peels off like a banana skin . ''
hild , tierney , and tera entered then , their arms laden with green bananas and another kind of small , round fruit that smelled like melon .
at the thought of more gel packs or green bananas , she almost retched , but then the scent of something cooked , something heavenly , assailed her .
succulent fruits lay in abundant piles , with not a green banana among them .
tierney laughed as he finished one banana and swiftly peeled another .
claire looks disappointed as she says that she baked some banana bread .
` ` banana or carrot ? ''
i ' m busy in the kitchen , baking some banana bread .
` ` make real banana bread , '' i read .
rot and bodies and stale bananas .
` ` how are we doing on bananas and flour ? ''
an hour and a half later , we 're both covered in flour and have banana is everywhere .
so we do , sending dad out on another banana run until we have loaves lining the kitchen counter , wrapped and ready to go .
` ` well , you ran around naked for a while and you kept screaming about how you could n't find your banana and then you made out with a couple of guys and i do n't really remember the rest . ''
it was n't the matted blond dreadlocks that made him pause so much as it was the small monkey sitting on the boy 's shoulder , eating a banana .
i grabbed a loaf of sophia deveraux 's homemade sourdough bread i 'd swiped from the pork pit , several bananas , and the peanut butter and sourwood honey out of the cabinets , along with some canned pumpkin .
i topped the mixture with sliced bananas and drizzled honey over the fruit .
cheese , milk , bananas , chocolate , protein shakes ...
i 'd watched them being put into a blender one by one : bananas , sugar , protein shake , chocolate , milk .
she was still talking to emery , although she had seen the commotion surrounding finn , since everyone in the restaurant was now looking at him like he was a few bananas short of a fruit salad .
his eyes narrowed , and he slowly took the banana pudding from its place between us .
my hand fisted on the strawberry packet , lips pinched , the smell of bananas wafting toward me .
` ` thank you , '' he nodded , setting the banana pudding between our trays again .
i picked up my spoon and quickly scooped up some banana pudding , since ezra 's spoonfuls were twice as big as mine and were making it quickly disappear .
` ` and more banana pudding , since you ate it all . ''
to add insult to injury , mrs . fowler - i had no mental nickname for her because i actually liked her - lifted a basket and began placing an extra - enormous banana and a normal sized banana on each person 's desk .
to add insult to injury , mrs . fowler - i had no mental nickname for her because i actually liked her - lifted a basket and began placing an extra - enormous banana and a normal sized banana on each person 's desk .
she cleared her throat , lifting an extra - large banana high into the air .
with her other hand , she raised a regular sized banana , holding them side - by - side .
` ` in review of last year , and in case you go against our teachings , '' the entire class got the hairy eyeball , ` ` abstinence , if you ' ve already forgotten , '' a look at the bananas in her hands , ` ` you need to be prepared for the variation of sizes . ''
she used the huge banana to point at the regular one .
elly sat to my right , lifting her smaller banana , her white eyebrows raised .
she waggled the regular banana .
elly 's face fell for a moment before she glanced away , lowering the slighter banana with a nod and grabbing one of her own condom packets .
elly was n't a virgin - i seriously doubted that anyone in my class would be , being nineteen - year - olds - and friendly , so she expertly put the larger condom on the larger banana .
if her blue eyes were n't watching kindly from her crinkled face , i might have been tempted to have her put the stupid condoms on my gifted bananas herself .
everyone jumped from their seats , a few of the guys finishing the remains of their bananas , which they had no issues about eating even after condoms being on the peeals , and mrs . fowler harped , ` ` do n't forget !
she also found a box of apples , bananas , and oranges .
she added an apple , a banana , and a few cookies to the plate and carried everything upstairs to the back parlor .
she could n't imagine not being able to eat pizza , or bread , or bananas .
he quickly scooped up the bread , bananas , cheese , and candy bars and dropped them into the sack which had , miraculously , remained intact , and handed it to her .
hopefully , a banana split with extra whipped cream and a cherry would cheer her up .
` ` fine , but if it or i go bananas and kill you or something , it 's not my fault .
her words resonated deep inside her and the guilt , like flies on a bad banana , started buzzing around her chest .
like flies on a bad banana , guilt buzzed around her chest .
the wonderful scent of roasted chicken and banana bread filled the air .
a plate of banana bread and a deck of cards sat between them .
that 's how all three of us ended up sitting at the island , eating leftover roast chicken , drinking wine and nibbling on banana cake afterward .
` ` only two more nights , '' he said , sounding a bit disappointed as he tossed bananas in the cart .
` ` then put half those bananas back , '' i said .
just as a practical joke , i threw in a couple bags of salad , fruit juice , bananas and apples , plus a few gourmet cheeses .
you never add bananas until the last minute ; they look terrible after a while .
` ` all righty , then , '' i said and cut up the bananas .
kind of like a cross between bananas and tar , heavy on the tar .
those include : a trip into the fabled library of alexandria , sludge that tastes faintly of bananas , ghostly librarians that want to suck your soul , giant glass dragons , the tomb of alcatraz the first , and - most important - a lengthy discussion about belly button lint .
as the philosopher garnglegoot the confused once said : ' i 'll have a banana and crayon sandwich , please . '
though said waitresses were serving banana splits and chocolate shakes to a bunch of people dressed in medieval clothing .
` ` why 'd you move away again , banana ? ''
` ` banana elephant .
or when st . clair doodles bananas and elephants into the margins of my homework , she 'll grow rigid and silent .
i order mine the way i always do here , by pointing at the picture of a banana and nutella crepe and saying please.the man pours the warm chocolate - hazelnut spread over the thin , pancakelike crepe , folds the banana in , and then drizzles more nutella on top .
i order mine the way i always do here , by pointing at the picture of a banana and nutella crepe and saying please.the man pours the warm chocolate - hazelnut spread over the thin , pancakelike crepe , folds the banana in , and then drizzles more nutella on top .
` ` all right , banana .
a banana .
the glass banana bead on my dresser snags my attention , and i cradle it in my hand .
plus , she always wears this necklace with a glass bead shaped like a banana .
she twirls the glass banana on her necklace .
anna grasps the banana on her necklace as if the tiny bead is a talisman .
we walked around the promenade afterward , making up hilarious and tragic life stories for the guy who 'd worn the banana costume .
and while i got a salad too- because obviously vegetables were important- i also grabbed a grilled cheese , a piece of pizza , a baked potato and a banana .
plus , my dad promised to make my favourite breakfast - banana walnut waffles - in the morning . '
we positioned esther 's body as mom stood by , holding a rawhide bone and her favourite toy - a squeaky banana - to be buried with her .
or bananas .
` ` fine , '' i caved and grabbed a banana .
but today i had a cheeseburger with extra pickles , a double order of fries , a raspberry oreo shake , and a banana split with hot fudge , caramel , and extra whip .
olivia rammed the display of bananas and then the back of my legs when i stopped to grab a bag of apples .
layla watched him , her spoon hovering above her banana split .
i hope i never love someone so much that they could hurt me the way langston was hurt , so wounded all he could do was cry and mope around the house and ask me to make him peanut but er and banana sandwiches with the crusts cut o , then play boggle with him , which of course i always did , because i usually do whatever langston wants me to do .
` ` crackle , '' i purred , feeding her a banana creme krispie treat .
i did n't know any girl who went bananas over bill gates the way they did over tyler vincent .
it was a white bike with a banana seat and pink streamers .
you 'll be paired in less than three months , i tell myself , but the words do n't mean anything and seem ridiculous , like one of the mad libs games we played as children that always resulted in nonsensical statements : i want banana for speedboat .
bent over the bowl , shoving apples and bananas into their mouths , were cole and max .
h : i want a banana milkshake .
is n't it strange how i can be sitting here in math class , and for some reason my mind can drift to banana milkshakes ?
` ` i made banana bread , charlie , '' she said after everyone hugged .
she scampered to the oven , slid on two mitts , and pulled the banana bread pan from the tray .
it was probably silly to feel slighted over banana bread .
` ` like ... a banana ? ''
and then , after inaudible mutters , something like , ` ` banana bread . ''
finally he said he would n't mind a banana cream pie .
she 'd never seen him eat a banana in his life .
and then i would pick you up all worried , and you 'd be crying and i 'd sit you on the couch and give you a little piece of a banana and after a while you were okay .
` ` so what about my mom , '' i said to laylen as we squeezed past a dumpster , the air smelling like rotten eggs mixed with old bananas .
when she returned to her bedroom with a glass of water , a banana and some aspirin , charlie was already out for the count .
but someday you are going to have to learn how to live without your mother and- '' ` ` do you remember when i was little - you used to make me banana pancakes with chocolate chips in them ? ''
i can taste the chocolate and bananas melting in my mouth .
i slice three bananas on the cutting board .
and then i stir milk and eggs into the mix - adding the chocolate chips and banana slices last .
i appreciated the effort , especially after hearing the story of how your mom and you made them when you were little - with ` ` chocolate chips '' and yellow fruits called ` ` bananas . ''
i hope to see and taste a banana one day .
beside me i passed an unfortunate boy desperately trying to get some speed out of the banana slug he rode .
when i got home , i found out that my mom made 18 different kinds of banana bread , and i had to taste - test each one .
macey grabbed a banana out of courtney bauer 's hands , which might have looked kinda strange .
as i arrange a plate of fruit , i take my time and cut little pieces of banana and melon in these shapes jessica 's mom taught me .
wes asks me while we 're attempting to string bananas together .
wes plunges a needle and thread into the skin of the banana .
` ` amy , you just sat on a banana , '' wes informs me , then bursts out laughing .
and why do you smell like bananas ? ''
and for your information , i sat on a banana .
i peel a banana as i study the formation for red rabbit , this crazy cool flea - flicker play coach wants us to try tomorrow .
i go through the kitchen , grabbing a banana and gatorade on the way to my room , and run into my brother , mike , and his friend jake , who 's an awesome wide receiver .
` ` we should buy a banana split to share . ''
` ` i heard what they made you do with that banana in the dining hall , '' ian says to matt , laughing .
` ` so what 's this about you and a banana in the dining hall ? ''
i would n't want friends who make me do questionable things with a banana , but i let it go because i do n't want to embarrass him .
` ` but what 's up with the banana ? ''
seeing if i 'll hang out with matt , a guy who 's in a frat , a guy who has done questionable things with a banana and maybe has fooled around with andrea ?
regardless of what they made him do with a banana , he cares about them .
i snatched a banana from the fruit bowl , then headed for the front door .
you try to leave and that cute little guy napping under the table will turn into a ten - ton gorilla and peel you like a banana . ''
avoiding his sickness was like ignoring a giant ape climbing the walls and throwing bananas .
she called after coming back from the kitchen with a banana , a spoon and a jar of peanut butter .
i hated bananas with the fiery passion of a thousand suns .
i ' m not into that , '' renee said , wiping a glob of peanut butter on the end of the banana .
` ` tay hates bananas . ''
i just hoped she was n't going to give us a demonstration with a banana .
i ordered a pb and j with strawberries , and he got banana in his .
there 's a table big enough for all the garretts to eat at , but not big enough to contain the piles of newspapers and magazines and socks and snack wrappers and swim goggles , half - eaten apples and banana peels .
box , five matchbox cars , andy 's eyeliner , and a half - eaten banana .
i am surprised to find her already plowing into a banana split .
it 's banana nut , and the bananas are overdone .
it 's banana nut , and the bananas are overdone .
maya 's mouth smelled like banana bubble gum .
when coach blew her whistle and they practiced starts and turns , she smelled maya 's banana gum and heard her fun , easy laugh .
like before , she smelled like artificial bananas .
she could practically smell maya 's banana gum and feel the soft contours of her mouth .
the room smelled like cognac and cigars - her dad sometimes entertained his law clients at home - and when she flipped the switch on the wall , a bunch of soft lights flickered on above her father 's massive warhol print of a banana .
and when she brought her face close to emily 's , her breath smelled hauntingly like banana gum .
it 'll make me look like a huge banana ! ''
courtney grabbed a banana from the basket .
` ` have a banana ! ''
she said to a skinny older man who was puffing along in a see - through rain slicker , passing him a banana with a vote for tom marin sticker on the peel .
kate pushed a half - peeled banana at a whippet - thin woman with ipod headphones in her ears .
mike downed the water , then selected a banana from the tray .
as hanna contemplated throwing cut - up bananas at the backs of their heads , a taunting giggle lilted through the air , and the hair on the back of her neck rose .
so far , mr . fields had made emily banana pancakes for breakfast every day this past week .
she wore terry - cloth short - shorts and a white t - shirt with a drawing of a banana on it - it was the cover to some old album , aria just could n't remember what .
except , maybe , for banana gum .
emily could smell maya 's banana gum , a smell she now found intoxicating .
maya 's breath , as usual , smelled like banana gum .
there were black bananas in a hanging basket over the oven , and a ton of dishes were piled in the sink .
and how she 'd fallen for maya instantly , intoxicated by her banana gum .
emily spied a yellow wad of banana gum in her mouth , reminding her of the day she and maya first kissed .
joannie and daniel delight in the piles of sweetened tropical fruit placed on the table - oranges , grapefruit , pomegranates , passion fruit , bananas - and the drinks made from them , as well as a rice water and sugar mixture that they especially like .
lesley also managed to persuade me that the little crescent - shaped birthmark on my temple - the one aunt glenda always called my ` ` funny little banana '' -was intriguingly mysterious and chic .
i 'd recognized myself , beyond any shadow of doubt , by the little birthmark in the shape of a half - moon on my temple , the one aunt glenda always called gwenny 's funny little banana .
at that very moment , the door opened again , and my young grandfather came back with a notepad under his arm and a banana in one hand .
lucas tossed me the banana , took a third chair off the pile , placed it between us , and put the notepad on it .
i peeled the banana as lucas went on making notes .
i thoughtfully munched my banana .
charlotte : yes , and that birthmark on her temple , the one that looks like a little banana .
i order a piece of banana bread and a pumpkin chai .
even warner never gave us bananas .
i heard bananas have potassium .
chapter 36 the intolerable nexus of extremes graceland had a faint but perpetual smell of peanut butter and bananas .
the rest of us followed suit and climbed in eden 's banana colored suv .
he sighed , watching as she glamoured an apple to look like a banana .
` ` we could get a banana freeze .
eureka was surprised to find that she did want a banana freeze from jo 's snows around the corner from their church , st . john 's .
a banana freeze meant two spoons , the window booth in the corner .
` ` we 're going to get banana freezes . ''
she did n't want a banana freeze anymore .
i padded into the kitchen for some chocolate chip banana therapy .
i was glad to find cheerios , a banana , some milk , and a half - full pot of coffee .
the peanut butter was smooth , rather than the extra chunky i prefer , and there was no jelly other than mint ( yuck ) , so i sliced a banana on top of the peanut butter and switched the journal back on , watching while i ate .
i asked , handing him the wrappers and banana peels and other remnants of our lunch .
and a banana or anything else you can find .
it was in the shape of a banana with bug eyes and a deranged smile .
` ` that 's bananas !
that 's bananas ! ''
a guy in a soccer jersey stood in the doorway of the student council room and chanted , ` ` that 's bananas !
below it sutton had written down what looked like a jamba juice order : bananas , blueberries , splenda , wheatgrass detox shot .
both had brought organic strawberry yogurt and a banana .
yesterday i had 87 ounces of water , a snack sized bag of pretzels , a banana and one arugula and ricotta cheese canape .
i go downstairs and sit at the kitchen counter munching cheerios , feeling even sadder that there 's no banana to slice up into my cereal , and turn on our small kitchen television to watch the news .
most of the time when i look at her , i ca n't help but see my mom , not because the two of them look anything alike , outside of being tall and gorgeous , but because , as my mom 's best friend for like the last hundred years , billy has a million memories like this one about stanford , funny stories and sad ones , times when mom got a bad haircut or when she lit the kitchen on fire trying to make bananas flambe or when they were nurses in world war i together and mom saved a man 's life with nothing but a bobby pin and a rubber band .
mom cracked the eggs in a separate bowl while i lifted two bananas out of the fruit basket on the counter .
and then , when i leaned over to scrape the bananas into her eggs and sugar mixture , mom gave a little chuckle .
in our own british navy manual of arms , a saber swing at the neck of an opponent , hoping to open his jugular vein , is called attack in position two , while in bojutsu , it would be named something like gentle caress of sharp banana leaf .
seven fresh banana - nut bread cooled on the counter , filling the apartment with its savory scent .
` ` i ' m allergic to bananas . ''
i ' m allergic to bananas . ''
bananas make the world a better place . ''
monk plunges the swab into the bucket and then runs it down the barrel to cool it so that when the cartridge of powder goes down , it does n't explode from the heat , peeling the barrel like a banana skin and killing us all with the hot shards thrown whistling into the air .
ari said as she sat down and ate a banana .
i make julian a banana yogurt and spinach smoothie in the blender , then hand him a tall glass .
give me some bananas and spinach and i 'll have a good breakfast .
i took three bananas and stuffed them down my jumper , and fled to my laboratory .
i ate a banana and a pear , then hid the rest of the fruit beneath the wooden table .
his mother 's banana bread and hot cider on a cold fall night .
you can have some of my mom 's banana bread .
his mother 's banana bread and flynn 's hesitant touches followed by breathless laughter and dog fur tickling my skin .
i pushed open the front door and was surprised to smell the lingering scent of banana bread in the air .
` ` i have banana bread if you want .
` ` sure , banana bread sounds great , '' i replied , taking it from him .
i might not be very hungry , but i could n't pass up banana bread .
she came to my house almost every day and we played with marty and ate mom 's banana bread .
i have banana bread inside .
you would come to my house and watch television and eat my mom 's banana bread .
i did n't eat any banana bread and mom said she was worried about me .
flynn was in the kitchen slicing up some banana bread when i walked inside .
flynn nodded , eating another bite of his banana bread .
it looked like a banana , only it was shaped like a corkscrew .
she called it a kwarmabean , but it did n't taste like a banana or a bean , more like an overripe peach .
the foyer - a term with which i was now familiar from mom 's reading off the little bly real - estate sites - was big enough that you could park a couple of cars inside it , and was decorated in a harmony of tropical life savers colors : banana , melon , fruit punch .
lucy lim : the fieldbenders were fricking bananas to get addy out of peacedale .
other tables were filled with young couples , families , and seniors , all plowing through their sundaes and grilled cheeses and banana splits , plus the frozen hot chocolates that were the house specialty .
the valentine 's day when mom 's heart - shaped banana bread pudding had turned out perfect .
nate could hardly believe the variety of treats - banana pancakes , caramel waffles , ebleskivers , toasted bagels , english muffins , omelets , scrambled eggs , hash browns , bacon , sausage , fruit smoothies , hot chocolate , milk , juice , various syrups and preserves , margarine , butter , honey , dulce de leche , and fresh whipped cream all vied for attention .
a sandwich in a plastic bag fell out , along with a banana and two individually wrapped cupcakes .
pigeon started peeling his banana .
` ` whatever trevor wants and a frozen banana , '' pigeon said .
mr . stott said , pulling a chocolate - dipped banana out of the freezer .
` ` i dip the bananas and make the lightning rods myself , you know . ''
` ` you bet , '' pigeon said , trying to pocket his change with one hand while holding the frozen banana in the other .
some were familiar , including oranges , lemons , bananas , plums , apricots , apples , pears , and kiwis .
its mouth gaped wide , showing slender fangs bigger than bananas .
a banana split the height of an office building threw long shadows as chocolate syrup and caramel seeped down creamy slopes .
the liver had ruptured , and the warm creamy interior tasted delicious , somewhat like sweetened vanilla with a hint of cheese and banana .
alex 's eyes jerked up in time to see ellie 's left boot kick up and away from the mountain , an exaggerated slapstick version of slipping on a banana peel .
her left leg shot off slick metal , like a cartoon character skating on a banana .
he blamed it on the group he took out that day ; said they brought bananas .
` ` what 's wrong with bananas ? ''
he might as well have threatened to slay a dragon with a banana .
` ` there 's banana pudding . ''
and by breakfast , i mean a banana lying in a hot dog bun , and by breaking in , i mean i found out that one of the rear sliding doors was unlocked .
i found a flashlight in the cabinet by the fridge and a banana from the island , and headed toward the hall .
i snatched the flashlight and the banana off the corner of the sink .
she stared at the banana i 'd left there beside it , eyebrows pulled down low over her eyes as if , out of everything that she 'd seen today , the banana was the most inexplicable .
she stared at the banana i 'd left there beside it , eyebrows pulled down low over her eyes as if , out of everything that she 'd seen today , the banana was the most inexplicable .
she 'd just written the word three three times , in three different handwritings , and a few inches beneath it , she 'd copied a recipe for banana cream pie .
abeke ducked as a bird the color of a banana soared overhead .
` ` i 'd take you and whipped cream over bananas foster any day . ''
i smelled like a rotten banana .
like forgotten bananas .
spiky bushes laden with tiny red coffee beans lined the road , and behind them glossy banana plants sprouted , bundles of ripening violet bananas clustering from their stalks .
spiky bushes laden with tiny red coffee beans lined the road , and behind them glossy banana plants sprouted , bundles of ripening violet bananas clustering from their stalks .
they pushed quite a ways into the forest , ducking under hanging tree fronds and circling giant banana plants .
she slumped against his shoulder , and the sounds of crickets singing among the banana trees and grass crunching underfoot slowly faded away .
i leave and he winds up slipping on a banana peel cracking his head open on the sidewalk .
the bee guy just laughed until a banana hit him in the face .
i asked him how he managed this , and he said well i just slipped on a banana peel and it landed on my pants , do nt tell anyone he says .
however , what we were nt used to was the fact that he slipped and almost fell into the gutter/ he slipped on a banana peel someone thought it would be funny to watch someone slip on .
he slipped on a banana peel , and landed in his fried pb and banana sandwich .
then i had whatever it was as deep fried fritters in a spicy and garlicky sauce , accompanied by peas and rice then plantain bananas , coming up every now and then for a breath and a quick chat .
he had found a 45 gallon oil drum , cut it in half and converted it into a barbecue ; it was basic , but perfect , and it turned out to be much more popular than the gas barbys , the charcoal barbys , and the spit roaster that were also mass producing goodies , it might just have had something to do with all the added flavouring that had congealed on the grill over the years , then around one - thirty , after i had converted the heathen masses to barbequed bananas , ( place whole bananas on the grill , and turn frequently .
he had found a 45 gallon oil drum , cut it in half and converted it into a barbecue ; it was basic , but perfect , and it turned out to be much more popular than the gas barbys , the charcoal barbys , and the spit roaster that were also mass producing goodies , it might just have had something to do with all the added flavouring that had congealed on the grill over the years , then around one - thirty , after i had converted the heathen masses to barbequed bananas , ( place whole bananas on the grill , and turn frequently .
the bag was filled with oranges , apples and bananas .
he made up the tray including a banana and some grapes , two items they had bought while they were in town and that he had never offered before .
he could both see and feel the two pair of eyes on him and he took a deep breath and slowly picked up the banana .
when he got to the steps , he turned and looked back toward the garbage drums to see the flitter of a white image as it moved behind the barrels and saw the banana float up and disappear behind the third drum .
as he reached to pick it up he saw something fall from it and looked down to the ground to see the banana peel .
that 's a banana peel .
i added a banana to her supper last night . ''
` ` she knows how to peel a banana ? ''
` ` i do n't think i learned how to peel a banana till i was four or five . ''
two cookie dough blizzards , two m & m blizzards , one hawaiian blizzard , a banana split , a chocolate fudge sundae , and two large cherry freezes , please , rick enumerated into the speaker at the dairy queen .
abby stuck her head into the conversation , that s a great idea , but if banana pants goes up to someone in 44 bc , they will probably run , or try to kill him .
most of the counter seats were occupied by bored - looking pre - fleds sucking down banana soys and sporking up glute - not desserts .
they harvested fruits and nuts from the surrounding jungle and cut bananas when they could find a good tree .
one liter of regular cola , honey , aspirin , bananas , probably for the potassium she thought .
plus , there were two peanut butter and banana with honey on white bread sandwiches prepared for bobbys first solid meal .
within ten minutes we had two small paper plates in front of each of us complete with plastic fork , two fried eggs sunny side up , a slice of jimmy dean sausage and a healthy pile of banana pudding .
gon na stick to that story , huh ? , she asked , forkful of banana pudding suspended in time and space between us for emphasis .
just around some towering banana leaves , zanas caught sight of a beautiful waterfall .
just before he fell asleep , one of the tall wooden shutters opened and a banana skin sailed into the room , past where he lay , to land directly on his flannel pants where they lay on the floor , covered in sand .
chichilia smiled widely and put a slice of banana roll onto an emerald - green plate .
although only twenty miles north of panama on the pacific ocean it was incredibly difficult to get to , the closest town and airstrip being golfito to the north an old banana exporting port .
the main gun blasted apart , splitting in the middle like a peeled banana .
after chris cleaned the fish , he wrapped it in banana leaves and placed it on top of the fire .
she sniggered at her own puns and then decided she should stop before she went completely bananas at last the video ended .
she inhaled the scent of fresh coffee and banana bread and sat back in her chair .
hell , i could nt even look at a green banana and visualize a time when it might be ripe .
stopping at a vendors stall , scarborough bought a banana which she shared with her husband in a rare moment of generosity .
they ate potatoes , bananas and sugar cane and flesh of the tapir , a kind of pig .
their mission was to locate the native village and obtain fresh food pigs , fowl , bananas , pineapples .
although lacking bananas and pineapples , the land showed evidence of a bounteous god .
one of the people coming aboard to trade had a bunch of bananas that he wanted to exchange for an iron knife worth almost nothing .
desperate for food by the next landfall , a boatload of armed sailors landed on the beach despite the natives and plucked bananas from the trees and stuffed them into their mouths .
every day , boats full of chickens , goats , coconuts , bananas and other things to eat came to the ships .
twice it rained , forcing him to take shelter in the stream and keep the fire alive by burying coals in a green banana tree leaf till it passed .
mr . luis victor , principal of the la union regional agricultural school , testified that there were around 30 fruit - bearing mango trees , once coconut fruit - bearing trees and banana plants ( p. 139 , roa , vol .
aside from the waterfall or spring within the property , there are also fruit trees , scattered bamboo groves , banana trees in patches , forest area , upland and pasture land .
the 120 hectares of fruit trees is suitably adapted to cacao , coffee , bananas , mangoes .
were gon na run down the street a pick up a couple of banana cream smoothies to sip while we wait .
she sunk her fork into the tower stacked with pink , brown , and golden pancakes topped with banana slices and a helping of whipped cream .
anythings got ta be better than dealing with people who threaten to sue cause they do nt have enough banana peppers on their freakin sandwich on a daily basis .
a box of six banana nut muffins , said morgan .
we can have some coconut shrimp and bananas foster .
i decided i was nt in the mood for bananas foster .
then they got a close up of chuck doing his droopy miserable face , his jaw hanging open , a banana peel on his head .
plentiful hampers full of fruits and nuts , oranges , bananas , coconuts , chestnuts and an unending range of other edible platters were let to float out towards the vessels incoming .
sebastian looked in the fridge : -i have only cherry jam , and bananas .
the cow was n't only dancing , it also wore a shirt of bananas .
this happy cow with the banana shirt was funny , and mia even smiled about it .
she wore a hello kitty shirt and had the cup with the banana cow in front of her .
i m going to get some coffee , a banana , a granola bar , and some bandits for fishing , he decides .
a few guys thought he was down right bananas , but pretended to be supportive anyways .
this sack , though draggled on the outside , could hold anything on the inside , and you did nt want to be the anything inside , because inside smelled like the outside of a rotten banana , tangy and three days overripe .
whut kinda shoe dya make outta banana skins ?
the moon was out already , but only in its first quarter , a thin banana of creamy radiance .
because i will peel your eyeball like a banana if you do nt listen !
samuel dutifully brought out a pack made of banana leaves .
you two are the same bananas .
but josh took a pack , opened it and started munching on crunchy dried bananas while returning to his spot in the dining area , writing a new book about aswangs in the philippines .
she insisted and pushed one last pack of banana chips inside my bag .
momentary resentments aside , julie had gravitated to the role of second banana .
a banana daiquirireally ?
they had bananas , coconuts , papayas , and all kinds of fruit .
she could also make some wonderful banana and coconut cream pies even though they did nt have a cow or a goat on the island .
sitting outside with a plate of fried chicken , collard greens , rice smothered with black eyed peas , fried squash , macaroni and cheese , with a big portion of homemade banana pudding for desertthats living !
peach and cherry cobblers , banana pudding , pecan pies , cherries jubilee , and a whole plethora of delightful desserts were arranged on a separate station .
apples and bananas from the ships store were placed on the small boat and a can of english - made biscuits also shared space with them .
the man gave me a banana , i remember , but i did not take it and was about to cry , when my mouth was forcefully opened and a candy pushed in again .
ramdas , a man in his early fifties , was walking toward a little stationery and communication shop.he stopped and scanned for the best banana in the bunch that hung on a coir rope in front of ibrahims shop .
its 700 rupees a kilo , said ramdas , as he plucked a banana from the bunch .
he babbled as he was struggling to talk with his mouth full , all my pepper vines , he swallowed the banana , rotted because of that nasty disease ; i ve lost a fortune this year .
then he placed the change for the banana on the counter .
a white pigeon came fluttering from somewhere , sat on the bunch of bananas , and started biting a fruit with its beak .
ibrahim saw it , but he did not disturb it from eating the banana .
fifteen days , in which i should eat no more nor less than nine bananas a day .
and if i needed to suppress any gas resulting from the consumption of enough bananas to feed a small tribe of monkeys , i should add three cardamom seeds to this daily regimen .
instead , i went to the nearest supermarket and bought a case of almost - ripe bananas , and a gallon of orange juice .
i shouldered my case of bananas and headed home .
my first day went something like this : two bananas for breakfast , three bananas for lunch , three bananas for dinner and one banana for a late - night snack .
my first day went something like this : two bananas for breakfast , three bananas for lunch , three bananas for dinner and one banana for a late - night snack .
my first day went something like this : two bananas for breakfast , three bananas for lunch , three bananas for dinner and one banana for a late - night snack .
my first day went something like this : two bananas for breakfast , three bananas for lunch , three bananas for dinner and one banana for a late - night snack .
i liked bananas and they seemed to like me .
at first it was just a minor thing , a bit of intestinal bloating , followed by a relieving wind that smelled distinctly of bananas .
my lower bowel had been transformed into a banana methane factory .
although i desperately craved pizza , beer , potato chips , pork rinds , salted peanuts anything but the sweet mush of another banana i hung tough .
i was counting , if not the hours , then certainly the bananas .
before me lay only dinner and a bedtime snack , and then one last nights restless sleep , during which i would toss and turn and billow the bed sheets with enough banana methane to heat a house .
i pureed one banana in the blender to make soup , ate two more normally as the main dish , and diced the last one to eat for dessert .
after a moments hesitation i said , yes , but hold the bananas .
he was wearing a yellow shirt that stuck out like a banana in a cornfield .
i sniff the strong pleasant smell of ripe bananas .
it smells , like bananas .
paul accepted a pancake gratefully ; hot , sweet fried banana oozing out of each end as he bit into it .
he wondered , doing a double take as he passed a funeral hearse with a gigantic , inflatable banana in place of a coffin .
asked sissy , peeling a banana .
as they sat against the wall , molly peeled her banana .
molly bent her head down and munched on her banana .
molly got up and tossed her banana skin in the bin .
then she pulled a banana out of her bag and stuffed it underneath the nest of leaves in the cage .
she even had the nerve to stuff a banana in his place to trick me .
rosie skipped across the lawn , chewing on a banana .
reizvolle said , dropping the banana and pacing , ` ` now that makes no sense . ''
so instead of try to figure out a way to end her place in this book gracefully she stepped on the banana and slipped , falling backwards and impaling herself on a shard of glass as her beautiful but lifeless body tumbled down to the ground to lay on top of adams .
the news floored liz like a banana peel .
the valley was shaped like a banana , so they formed the blanket accordingly .
ed brushed a banana peel off his friends balaclava .
well , except for the fact that she looked like a walking banana .
he slipped inside the house and grabbed some bread , a bag of cookies , and a couple of bananas , throwing them all into a grocery bag , trying his best to be quiet .
` ` fetch me a banana sandwich . ''
and i ' ve got bananas growing out of my ears .
she left a half eaten banana on the counter top , with a note underneath it written on a piece of scrap paper .
he read the note and ate the leftover banana .
it tasted more like her than banana .
she pulled a banana free from the bunch on the counter top , and sat down on a bar stool looking around the room .
she put down the half eaten banana and looked around for a piece of paper .
she laid the piece of paper under the half eaten banana , then tiptoed downstairs to her apartment and stuck the key into the deadbolt , turning it ever so slowly and carefully , as to not make a sound .
kali could have peeled him like a banana .
aside from the fact the bedding and curtains were a nasty shade of banana yellow , it was nt too bad .
` ` you should eat a banana , '' she said .
and a banana .
it also had banana trees , coconut and date palms , so they had nt had to return to the clarissa for food or water .
jake emerged from the trees almost half an hour later carrying a bunch of bananas and a few mangoes for their feast .
the banana stuff ?
i get a place to hole up until i come out of retirement once a year to sell my banana - bonanza and when i do i have a house full of perfectly willing inhabitants who will sit numbly by until i return to deliver them their fountain of youth .
samantha wiggled in her seat and handed alyssa a banana peel .
he said around a huge piece of banana bread .
and there are some bananas , mustard , and peanut butter .
i did n't like bananas and the pie was highly suspect .
instead , i grabbed some yogurt and a banana .
i think you ll like it ; the bananas really bring out the flavour .
he s so cute , murmured dreamer , using her wand to peel the banana .
she cut the banana into thin slices , the baby clapping as the pieces rose in the air and landed in one on his little bowls .
grinning like a puppy dog at the red - striped woman behind the counter , he got a banana split .
lukewarm melted chocolate , banana thick with sugar , ice cream that tasted like cold air .
dessert alternates between blackened banana and rotting apple .
she salvages a hunk of rotten banana from dinner and applies it to margarets back in slow circular movements .
you smell like a banana plantation in flower , she says and goes on breathing in margarets fragrance , which has nothing to do with bananas .
you smell like a banana plantation in flower , she says and goes on breathing in margarets fragrance , which has nothing to do with bananas .
they take salvaged food to last three estimated days in the handy form of big tightly compressed balls of hash that max calls elephant balls , seasoned with rotten banana and apple and chunks of the moldy chocolate the girl seymour used to call gentille continues smuggling through to him .
she rubs rotten banana on her face and tries to stop the tears .
finally , he shrugged his shoulders but said , i guess ill have a medium hot chocolate and a slice of banana nut bread .
the scent of bananas and nuts wafted to his nose and immediately affected his stomach .
been awhile since you had banana nut bread ?
he skillfully skateboarded while he held his drink in one hand and the bag of his banana nut bread in the other .
oh , but i remember her making banana nut bread , and we would argue over who was getting the last piece .
she looked at his right hand , where did you get those bananas ?
there were some banana trees , over there by the river .
you re so stubborn , let me put these bananas away first then ill help you to sit down , we have to eat quickly .
he did nt say anything , but put his arm around her and helped her to the dry spot where he had left the bananas .
we d stand out like plums on a banana tree dressed like we are .
he looked up , blinking and shaking his head ; the first thing he made out , shortly before the tattoos , was a long , banana - coloured grin .
` ` like a banana peel , only with bad taste and irony thrown in . ''
it had almost a quarter of a million miles on the clock , and smelled faintly of bourbon , tobacco , and more strongly of something that might well have been bananas .
why does your car smell like bananas , anyway ? ''
` ` maybe you 're a banana smuggler , '' she said .
mr . nancy bought several large bottles of rc cola , a six - pack of toilet paper , a pack of evil - looking black cigarillos , a bunch of bananas , and a pack of doublemint chewing gum .
drake quickly grabbed bread , cold cuts , cheese , some bananas , and a few other items like matches and the flashlight .
it looks like a rotting banana . ''
so he was perfectly satisfied , when he came to camp and let them off ; and having eaten an excellent meal of roasted cattle stuffed with the sweet ripe banana fruit he fell asleep until roused unceremoniously several hours later by a shove .
he outgrows his suit , which falls away from him like a banana peel .
` ` i come bearing ... um , looks like bananas , papayas , some pears ... '' ` ` you come bearing trouble , '' she said , and crossed to take the basket from his hand .
bananas , pear honey - it 's practical and seductive . ''
there was one brown banana in the fruit bowl and i decided to make it my breakfast .
i knew from the way he kept clearing his throat and the way his eyes were focused on the banana and not me that this was n't going to have a happy ending .
i threw the banana peel in the garbage and looked back at the message that was scrawled on the pad .
i made them some instant coffee and gave them bananas and crumbly muffins to munch on .
' made from bananas , ' she said , in the hope of striking a spark of interest from either woman .
' i remember our shane brought a banana home once .
made from bananas .
a banana drink .
it 's got bananas in it . '
preferably with rum and bananas in it .
' how ` ` bout something with bananas in it ? '
' bananas would be just the thing , ' said nanny happily .
the trees is different , the people is different , the drinks is different and has got banana in 'em , so the magic 'd be different too .
every established kitchen has one ancient knife , its handle worn thin , its blade curved like a banana , and so inexplicably sharp that reaching into the drawer at night is like bobbing for apples in a piranha tank .
' and banana drinks , i expect , ' said magrat .
' what this needs , ' she said , in the manner of one reaching a conclusion after much careful consideration , ' is some bananas and rum and stuff in it - ' magrat grabbed her dress as nanny strode determinedly dak'rywards .
' another banana dak'ry , mahatma coat , chopchop . '
older wizards talk about candles , circles , planets , stars , bananas , chants , runes , and the importance of having at least four good meals every day .
he 'd never heard of chocolate , banana skins , avocado and ginger , marshmallow and the thousand other foods people had occasionally employed to drive an a - to - b freeway through the rambling pathways of romance .
there was much pointed eating of pears and bananas and so on .
slowly , with fingers that suddenly felt like bananas , and bananas that did n't belong to him at that , vimes undid his sword belt .
slowly , with fingers that suddenly felt like bananas , and bananas that did n't belong to him at that , vimes undid his sword belt .
at the sight of a large orang - utan in the front row with a big innocent grin , a big bag of penny pieces and a big banana the poor girl had fled .
the orang was sitting with a huge rapt grin on his face , as though he 'd swallowed a banana sideways .
here 's an important rule : never give a monkey the key to the banana plantation .
' never a good idea to give a monkey the key to a banana plantation , ' said mr saveloy .
and i ai n't relishin ' going down the street and hearin ' people makin ' cracks about bananas . '
he had come prepared : he took a banana out of his pocket .
' would you like another banana ? '
' withold his bananas , perhaps . '
since early morning he had been like a monkey with the key to the banana plantation after discovering he was breathing the same air as the greatest hero of all time .
it extended a hand like a bunch of fossil bananas .
rincewind nodded dismally , turned to his assistant , and took a banana out of his pocket .
' and the banana ? '
' yes , sir , but the librarian likes bananas , sir . '
it 's a funny thing , but i ' ve never much liked bananas and i ' ve always been a bit suspicious of fish , too .
library stamps , reference books , pencils , bananas ... ' the librarian asked the hogfather for those things ? '
' except for the bananas , of course .
a hand like a bunch of bananas pulled susan back over the rail .
and possibly bananas and coconuts .
the dean glanced at the housekeeper , who was daintily eating a banana , a feat which is quite hard to do .
normally he would n't question such a perfect piece of positioning , but now even the bananas were bothering him .
the librarian handed him a banana .
lots of banana trees , but they all produce different types of bananas .
lots of banana trees , but they all produce different types of bananas .
so run along and get some bananas , will you ?
shouted the dean , throwing a bunch of bananas on to the boat and climbing up behind them .
' did n't he go off to fetch some bananas ? '
' maybe we can find some bananas , ron , ' said another cook .
' you could use bananas , ' said rincewind .
of opals , beer , sheep , wool and bananas . '
` ` possibly , once aboard a hospitable vessel , such a creature would metamorphose into- '' carrot emerged , a banana skin kebabed on the end of his sword .
' yeah , an ' he can have you shot , hnah , how d'you like them bananas ? '
she offered him a banana .
books of magic are usually chained to their shelves , but not to prevent them being stolen ... . one such accident had turned the librarian into an ape , since when he had resisted all attempts to turn him back , explaining in sign language that life as an orang - outan was considerably better than life as a human being , because all the big philosophical questions resolved themselves into wondering where the next banana was coming from .
esk gave him the whole bunch of bananas and scurried away amongst the books before he could object .
he pulled a dusty volume of gardening spells out of the shelves beside him , extracted a soft brown banana from the recess behind it , and ate it with the quiet relish of one who knows that whatever the problems are , they belong firmly to human beings .
the talon picked her out of the air and the rabbit face split like a banana skin .
his right side stood considerably more to attention than his left side and , as a result , he was standing like a banana .
' i look after his bananas , ' he added , feeling some additional explanation was called for .
' extra banana ration , that ape , ' said the bursar levelly .
rincewind hit it with a broom until the sawing stopped , filled his pockets with odds and ends from the banana crate he used as a dressing table , and made for the door .
they gripped the boy 's pipestem arms with hands like banana bunches .
a hand like a bunch of bananas with rings on grabbed rincewind 's shoulder and spun him around .
' so you 're all right for bananas and so forth ? '
occasionally he would eat a banana .
' that monkey , ' he said , ' has eaten its last banana .
there , half squashed by the beam and baked brown by the fire , was a large bunch of overripe , squashy bananas .
the librarian looked at his charges approvingly , made his last rounds of the slumbering shelves , and then dragged his blanket underneath his desk , ate a goodnight banana , and fell asleep .
hwel was no more capable of objecting to the new theatre than a monkey was of resenting a banana plantation .
the librarian gave him a banana .
the voices sounded cheerful and comfortable , and then the scent of baking bread - banana - nut if my carb loving nose was correct - permeated the house , and my fear and hesitation over meeting the hayward family , diminished some .
` ` let 's go , that banana bread has been calling my name all afternoon . ''
ii chapter 6 oh , '' temeraire said , in a very strange tone , and he pitched forward and vomited tremendously all over the open ground before him , heaving up an acrid stinking mess in which the traces of banana leaves , goat horns , cocoanut shells , and long green ropes of braided seaweed might be distinguished among the generalized yellowish mulch , scattered through with unrecognizable scraps of cracked bones and shreds of hide .
dorset still made his daily implacable notations , however , and the surgeons continued with the other experiments : a sort of custard made out of green bananas and cocoanut meat was offered to lily , who tasted one swallow and refused any more point - blank .
` ` a banana would be nice . ''
` ` let me get you that banana . ''
alec returned with the banana .
it 's not like he 'd be at the grocery store , pushing his cart around with the bananas facing a certain way ( i had read this is what some singles in grocery stores did .
i think melons and bananas were probably all you needed ) .
` ` i ' m staring at you , ginger elvis in the peanut butter and banana sandwiches era .
' i ' m not going to end up in some alley somewhere with as much blood as a banana ! '
ivy handed brandon a banana split sundae .
mariella was trying to mash some banana for gracie ( who 'd just started eating real food ) and she was standing on a chair to reach the counter .
i mashed the banana for gracie and mixed it with a little formula and put it in a bowl for her .
my fruit arrived - sliced cantaloupe that was hard and tasteless , canned pineapple , a banana in the peel , and some grapes .
patrick handed me off to the care of the banana yellow leather sofa , which was a lot more uncomfortable than it looked , and disappeared into the kitchen .
one man in a fluffy robe holds only an overripe banana .
the smell of fresh salt water , banana and coconut oil , that ripe undercurrent of the cycle of life turning somewhere under the waves .
an assault - rifle with a banana clip sticking out of it lay in a flowerbed below him .
he tossed off light in dazzling arcs : blue followed by magenta , magenta followed by red , red followed by pink , pink followed by the creamy yellow - white of a ripe banana .
the cause of both the tree 's death and its final leaning position was clear : one side of the venerable relic had been peeled like a banana by a glancing stroke of lightning .
his empty skin , still clad in its wet , salt - stained robes , lay strewn across the mud , discarded like an old banana skin .
i am happy to say that i regard the sight of a fat man slipping on a banana skin as nothing more than an unfortunate accident that highlights the need for care in the disposal of household waste . '
it was n't exactly a smile on his face , but moist got the nape - twitching feeling that , when he tried to think like vetinari , his lordship slid in on those thoughts like some big black spider on a bunch of bananas and scuttled around where he should n't .
he was much older than moist and still had the serious personal problem that made him smell of bananas .
' hey , someone took my - ' adora belle began , but moist pushed her out of the way as the thing swung back again and a banana knocked his hat off .
the mask knows that we are born on the banana skin that leads only to the open manhole cover of doom , and all we can hope for are the cheers of the crowd . '
the flesh was dryish and bread - like , something of the same kind as a banana .
unlike some of the others , he did n't mind the protein shakes , but he could n't stand the banana ones .
` ` he also made the banana dip .
rosie lifted a pile of fresh washcloths stacked on the end of the trolley , exposing a banana .
now her kidneys hurt , and her feet hurt , and she was very aware that she did not want to spend the rest of her life as an off - the - books chambermaid in the whitestone hotel , but the banana tasted good and the chair felt wonderful beneath her .
in the weeks since she had left norman , rosie had become exquisitely aware of small pleasures : reading for half an hour before bed , talking with some of the other women about movies or tv shows as they did the supper dishes together , or taking five minutes off to sit down and eat a banana .
a shadow fell across the open hotel doorway , and before she could even think where she might hide her half - eaten banana , let alone get to her feet , pam poked her head in .
` ` aww , they 'd never fire you for sitting down and eating a banana , '' pam said .
for as he spoke , a long grey flexible tube came in between the swaying curtains and helped itself to a bunch of bananas .
he reached into the box , pulled out a banana .
` ` it 's a banana .
silas passed it the banana .
` ` i ' ve absolutely no idea , '' said silas , who consumed only one food , and it was not bananas .
the boy was done with his banana .
why , attend , you little wriggler ... '' and she picked the lumps of banana from his clothes and his hair .
and then i scratched a little deeper and , instead of just scales coming off here and there , my whole skin started peeling off beautifully , like it does after an illness , or as if i was a banana .
v krystal was walking along foley road in the early morning sunlight , eating a banana .
as an afterthought , she had handed krystal the banana to eat for breakfast .
' ... and i think i probably have a banana somewhere mr slant turned , smiling beatifically , at the sound of the smack of mr pin catching mr tulip 's arm .
he 'd slip on a banana peel if one were handy .
even after the very first time that she had , in response to the bell , delivered the midnight banana , or rather had failed to deliver it on account of running away screaming , she knew she 'd have to face it again .
and so glenda had picked up the banana and had headed right back there .
they would think , ' the banana is .
i will eat the banana .
there is no banana .
i want another banana . '
and sometimes she baked him a banana pie , which was a kind act .
there was a very faint smell of bananas .
' the librarian will have some bananas , ' said rincewind .
' i think the librarian has a motto in these cases : ` ` if you try to take my bananas from me , i will reclaim them from your cold dead hands . '' '
' good , i think he 'll share his bananas with them , ' said nutt .
it really was rather dull between the goal posts and he was getting hungry and so was pleasantly surprised by the appearance of a large banana in front of the goal .
but he was hungry , it was a banana and the metaphysics were sound .
elbowing and kicking people out of the way , she reached the goal just as the banana was consumed in one gulp and stood panting helplessly in front of the librarian .
' someone threw a banana and i saw who did it and i think it 's poisoned , ' said glenda , all in one breath .
he scribbled as fast as he could , trying hard to ignore the gentle shower of pie wrappings , banana skins , empty greasy pea bags and the occasional beer bottle being tossed on to the pitch .
red velvet draperies hung from brass rods , and a great large photograph hung over the mantel , of a group of six men , all in safari khaki , gathered together against a backdrop of banana and tropical trees .
even the banana leaves looked engraved .
` ` i can see it clearly , '' said reuben , ` ` filled with potted orange trees and banana palms , and great towering weeping ficus and maybe orchid trees and flowering vines .
the fire was built high and roaring under the black medieval mantel , and the candles flickered and smoked down the length of the table , amid platters of roast lamb fragrant with garlic and rosemary , glazed duckling , steaming broccoli , italian squash , heaps of unpeeled potatoes , artichoke hearts tossed with oil , and roasted onions , freshly sliced bananas and melon , and hot freshly baked bread .
then scuzzy fenster went bananas : whirling , he grabbed crabs wrist and slammed his hand on the breakfast bar , which crunched horribly .
fred asked , then turned to herbert , he must think we came in on the last banana boat .
he had also found palm - like trees clustered with the tender papaya , and farther inland there were groves of banana and plantain .
she made the sandwich while patrick chose a pint of orange juice and a banana .
patrick ate his banana .
never mind , though , there were plenty of other items here that rationing had made in to edible gold : bananas , pineapples , oranges , honey , scrambled eggs made from real eggs and not that powdered rubbish , not to mention the bounteous butter dish were the crew mad to leave this much food unattended ?
saira took out two banana leaves kept neatly folded in a bag , and placed adjacently like two plates .
sadhu laid two banana leaves in front of them and served piping hot food .
he also sat on the opposite side with a banana leaf served with food .
leah sat at the table , finishing off a banana .
there were baskets of coconuts , bananas , and an orange looking fruit .
what do you think the difference is between stepping on a banana peel and bumping into a sack of beans ?
he found a pile of belongings set under the shade of a big banana tree and placed his there , too .
in the third week amelie started to be able to take small drinks and bland food , a little bit of mashed banana was the first thing she had kept down .
it tastes very good ; its called a banana , mister dalton explains as he purchases a cluster of five .
i really like this sweet tasting tidbit , i say as i gobble down three bananas one after the other .
the dirt road winds between palm trees , banana groves , and wonderful vegetable gardens .
changing the subject i ask , mister dalton , may we buy some green bananas ?
i want to take a banana to emily .
you want to bring bananas to emily ?
that s a great idea , but i do nt think the bananas would survive the journey .
parallax - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 644 the 315 a 231 and 231 of 210 i 186 to 162 in 126 my 84 is 84 that 79 on 79 it 74 was 65 her 65 with 60 you 57 me 56 his 56 he 53 for 51 at 44 as 40 she 39 from 38 this 34 an 34 if 34 like 34 miranda 32 we 32 they 30 i ' m 29 been 28 or 28 into 27 by 27 one 26 there 26 not 25 it 's 24 wt 24 but 24 have 24 do 23 were 23 jack 22 no 22 who 22 do n't 22 him 22 be 22 when 21 has 21 about 21 are 20 your 20 had 19 what 19 marchland 19 all 18 carson 18 through 18 judy 17 so 17 up 17 think 17 then 16 got 16 down 16 out 15 back 15 some 15 she 's 15 them 14 he 's 14 its 14 just 14 mr 14 too 14 fisher 14 car 14 light 14 ca n't 14 room 13 did 13 km 13 i 'd 13 six 13 found 12 even 12 could 12 that 's 12 right 12 never 12 those 12 off 12 everything 12 yes 12 see 12 years 11 white 11 go 11 say 11 our 11 after 11 much 11 left 11 house 11 miranda 's 11 face 11 because 11 does n't 10 people 10 something 10 away 10 pride 10 went 10 kern 10 know 10 how 10 their 10 time 10 eyes 10 long 10 since 10 did n't 10 says 10 detective 10 window 10 enough 10 us 9 can 9 wo n't 9 get 9 many 9 way 9 was n't 9 there 's 9 only 9 good 9 missing 9 why 9 well 9 is n't 9 until 9 ice 9 nothing 9 took 9 love 8 going 8 gone 8 would 8 woman 8 more 8 kitchen 8 course 8 another 8 man 8 eye 8 home 8 6 8 here 8 women 8 wife 8 hand 8 once 8 these 8 door 8 thing 8 before 8 first 7 local 7 new 7 any 7 where 7 come 7 other 7 except 7 ball 7 mf 7 made 7 old 7 during 7 every 7 maybe 7 excerpted 7 two 7 will 7 ask 7 head 6 green 6 parties 6 want 6 fire 6 watching 6 end 6 than 6 marchland 's 6 big 6 none 6 now 6 over 6 thank 6 things 6 few 6 hell 6 life 6 mouth 6 force 6 three 6 trees 6 stopped 6 royal 6 truth 6 put 6 day 6 ever 6 done 6 while 6 tell 6 seem 6 name 6 around 5 hear 5 show 5 keep 5 doing 5 behind 5 he 'd 5 today 5 hair 5 near 5 god 5 kept 5 turn 5 past 5 penny 5 you 're 5 look 5 stop 5 again 5 making 5 state 5 skull 5 almost 5 homicide 5 hit 5 wake 5 against 5 i ' ve 5 mind 5 boys 5 office 5 world 5 road 5 best 5 makes 5 sound 5 field 5 such 5 edge 5 guess 5 would n't 5 achilles 5 bottle 5 lot 5 mean 5 place 5 knew 5 olympia 5 mine 5 black 5 whatever 5 blue 5 had n't 5 getting 5 hands 5 said 5 year 5 let 5 still 5 carson 's 5 stars 5 ring 5 blood 5 though 5 lost 5 always 5 myself 5 dust 5 looks 5 across 5 take 5 night 5 she 'd 5 picture 4 dropped 4 married 4 interview 4 documentary 4 truck 4 anymore 4 partner 4 real 4 bring 4 tree 4 bad 4 honeymoon 4 scotch 4 late 4 coffee 4 wheels 4 months 4 under 4 great 4 department 4 kind 4 takes 4 whole 4 hat 4 fact 4 upon 4 sometimes 4 least 4 next 4 uh 4 somebody 4 what 's 4 opinion 4 washington 4 have n't 4 migraine 4 yeah 4 barnes 4 cops 4 easy 4 europe 4 broom 4 pain 4 catch 4 reason 4 words 4 we 'd 4 bet 4 search 4 obviously 4 need 4 does 4 although 4 girl 4 red 4 talk 4 oh 4 feet 4 anybody 4 case 4 places 4 we 're 4 jp 4 art 4 please 4 couple 4 heart 4 second 4 find 4 quite 4 suit 4 yet 4 thought 4 trial 4 am 4 body 4 glitter 4 point 4 either 4 cloud 4 along 4 high 3 wait 3 really 3 better 3 drain 3 yellow 3 folks 3 inn 3 charming 3 humming 3 four 3 simple 3 wearing 3 college 3 dark 3 fast 3 questions 3 members 3 gave 3 kicked 3 letters 3 bed 3 9 3 02 3 living 3 piece 3 copy 3 wave 3 pretty 3 finger 3 start 3 money 3 eight 3 flicker 3 report 3 most 3 desert 3 information 3 drug 3 screaming 3 roll 3 decided 3 tall 3 last 3 leather 3 burning 3 glass 3 else 3 busy 3 brush 3 inside 3 career 3 could ' ve 3 involved 3 gun 3 wanted 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 vanished 3 walls 3 different 3 remember 3 question 3 also 3 kern 's 3 evidence 3 coming 3 camera 3 ultragothic 3 yard 3 dirt 3 bridge 3 turned 3 hotel 3 days 3 keeps 3 band 3 brain 3 stay 3 declined 3 help 3 4 3 publicity 3 artist 3 tea 3 waiting 3 doors 3 word 3 line 3 sonofabitch 3 mom 3 fingers 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 sad 3 cows 3 details 3 honey 3 serial 3 pick 3 morning 3 effects 3 moment 3 mirror 3 sofa 3 disappearance 3 visit 3 ago 3 girls 3 circles 3 nods 3 own 3 mexico 3 rock 3 leaves 3 might 3 thinking 3 water 3 prosecution 3 sell 3 silence 3 full 3 pieces 3 smile 3 block 3 however 3 italy 3 we ' ve 3 among 3 very 3 moon 3 were n't 3 dry 3 indeed 3 tucker 3 sun 3 cop 3 nails 3 judy 's 3 changes 3 named 3 ass 3 between 3 space 3 book 3 kill 3 william 3 hole 3 dreams 3 pale 3 dollars 3 train 3 shoulder 3 guy 3 ground 3 beneath 3 should ' ve 3 anywhere 3 creepy 3 fragments 3 called 3 brute 3 studio 3 school 3 chase 3 resort 3 looking 3 anything 3 bought 3 counter 2 taken 2 sod 2 gray 2 satanic 2 guileless 2 wild 2 fair 2 project 2 death 2 crescent 2 loaded 2 owned 2 cola 2 musk 2 wheel 2 return 2 mason 2 samovar 2 serious 2 drunk 2 surprise 2 already 2 microwave 2 square 2 drugs 2 holding 2 personal 2 happy 2 table 2 caps 2 pulse 2 brim 2 vast 2 student 2 horns 2 country 2 met 2 wonder 2 cabinet 2 sleep 2 eventually 2 prior 2 located 2 huge 2 third 2 ordo 2 jones 2 dad 2 unfair 2 stuff 2 who 'd 2 gas 2 hope 2 fawkin ' 2 templi 2 sick 2 lane 2 wine 2 sea 2 patrons 2 flickers 2 bumper 2 talking 2 bare 2 lips 2 act 2 stolen 2 wrong 2 vegas 2 damn 2 damned 2 switch 2 picked 2 possible 2 shaken 2 orientis 2 iron 2 shit 2 move 2 99 2 moments 2 group 2 soon 2 merry - go - round 2 carsons 2 effort 2 image 2 saturday 2 chair 2 sorry 2 they 're 2 highway 2 teenage 2 wondering 2 came 2 sure 2 onto 2 prostitutes 2 briefing 2 nose 2 calls 2 voice 2 actually 2 would ' ve 2 anyone 2 awful 2 bugs 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 song 2 driveway 2 neither 2 doctor 2 unmarked 2 seen 2 begged 2 means 2 garbage 2 robot 2 recall 2 crush 2 museum 2 pipe 2 probably 2 heard 2 file 2 less 2 scenery 2 ink 2 paper 2 toward 2 washed 2 cast 2 sands 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 movies 2 psycho 2 ones 2 wax 2 clothes 2 suffering 2 woods 2 forced 2 mongrel 2 begin 2 thumb 2 shift 2 older 2 hundred 2 break 2 seemed 2 becomes 2 kids 2 intimate 2 quit 2 runs 2 northwest 2 sit 2 fractured 2 exit 2 soft 2 sex 2 has n't 2 killer 2 screwed 2 drips 2 tragedy 2 straight 2 murder 2 air 2 give 2 gaze 2 windows 2 leads 2 may 2 diamond 2 attached 2 graveyard 2 seattle 2 ah 2 impulse 2 kidnapped 2 number 2 surely 2 starts 2 event 2 wavers 2 pressure 2 far 2 admit 2 cancer 2 sheriff 's 2 ha 2 jc 2 cash 2 stumble 2 sir 2 ruined 2 anonymous 2 ancient 2 june 2 forth 2 exhibition 2 round 2 teeth 2 phone 2 showed 2 buddy 2 norman 2 boxes 2 throat 2 guys 2 curtain 2 lamp 2 hired 2 macy 2 safe 2 clouds 2 notion 2 message 2 magic 2 perhaps 2 dancing 2 bit 2 lots 2 god 's 2 worked 2 revenge 2 stretch 2 police 2 york 2 famous 2 should 2 holy 2 parallax 2 fine 2 watch 2 yourself 2 known 2 stare 2 ceramic 2 positively 2 rituals 2 cup 2 outside 2 center 2 physical 2 trunk 2 power 2 knocks 2 let 's 2 hours 2 gina 2 speak 2 mystery 2 call 2 items 2 mobile 2 argument 2 kurt 2 recedes 2 post 2 bathroom 2 ford 2 comes 2 sculptures 2 caught 2 grass 2 whore 2 media 2 clean 2 drive 2 testimony 2 saved 2 cards 2 buy 2 bundy 2 subject 2 beloved 2 gapes 2 rockwell 2 care 2 sky 2 poorly 2 dull 2 artifacts 2 ages 2 killers 2 mistake 2 blow 2 jane 2 cold 2 associates 2 cheap 2 happened 2 nail 2 thoughts 2 everybody 2 throbs 2 farm 2 become 2 expect 2 history 2 rest 2 cherry 2 swing 2 sip 2 wal - mart 2 romantic 2 legs 2 reported 2 work 2 nauseous 2 naturally 2 horror 2 each 2 coma 2 harmonica 2 close 2 sly 2 constricts 2 gallery 2 photos 2 golf 2 tonight 2 future 2 usually 2 problem 2 exactly 2 warm 2 traffic 2 dress 2 journal 2 blanket 2 coverage 2 weeks 2 horizon 2 placid 2 tips 2 vision 2 daily 2 bits 2 bright 2 same 2 free 2 glory 2 tracks 2 droplets 2 you ' ve 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 friends 2 chain 2 won 2 choppers 2 collar 2 seizure 2 looked 2 doe 2 public 2 kidnapping 2 must 2 faces 2 fisher 's 2 elf 2 interpol 2 dogs 2 touch 2 crash 2 wants 2 flushed 2 ready 2 track 2 bust 2 got ta 2 pacific 2 used 2 story 2 true 2 press 2 tickets 2 straw 2 believe 2 dicks 2 otherwise 2 moving 2 further 2 change 2 bailed 2 crisp 2 which 2 barnes ' 2 shaking 2 small 2 staring 2 former 2 dozen 2 low 2 nearly 2 finally 2 bands 2 turns 2 read 2 stroke 2 heavy 2 drove 2 century 2 task 2 fooled 2 academy 2 falls 2 leave 2 side 2 town 2 lines 2 paid 2 puppies 2 simply 2 vertigo 2 glasses 2 burn 2 works 2 stomach 2 shop 2 brown 2 times 2 persons 2 saw 2 demonstrated 2 chopping 1 registers 1 threshold 1 trust 1 numb 1 cerebrum 1 nature 's 1 artistic 1 throes 1 exercise 1 puffing 1 seeing 1 pawn 1 warden 1 confab 1 reminder 1 theatre 1 smells 1 ron 1 opera 1 torrence 1 dent 1 wizened 1 proof 1 8 1 giving 1 everyone 1 freddy 1 claustrophobic 1 blinds 1 semicircle 1 matter 1 ran 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 importance 1 paean 1 coincidences 1 crown 1 lift 1 identify 1 guest 1 treated 1 failed 1 sweating 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 hacked 1 rupture 1 ear 1 routines 1 toured 1 joseph 1 tires 1 chicago 1 lack 1 debts 1 fathom 1 rumble 1 strobes 1 breath 1 speculating 1 danced 1 fresh 1 figured 1 hatch 1 gather 1 patrol 1 housewife 1 amenities 1 cliffhanger 1 explode 1 minister 1 stone 1 rocks 1 fracture 1 poof 1 cerebral 1 sting 1 forty - two 1 la 1 dismiss 1 differently 1 cracks 1 semblance 1 ghost 1 vengeful 1 knowledge 1 fumes 1 saying 1 fateful 1 grounds 1 backpack 1 tap 1 ex - cop 1 approximately 1 flash 1 pile 1 evening 1 flatbed 1 taffy 1 deal 1 gasp 1 banker 1 networking 1 truthfully 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 whenever 1 inhale 1 trading 1 grad 1 substantial 1 poison 1 explains 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 leader 1 outline 1 expression 1 atoms 1 saint 1 torso 1 rummaged 1 formulate 1 brow 1 scrawl 1 dragged 1 winchester 1 laws 1 driven 1 cities 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 rushing 1 offered 1 victim 's 1 bleed 1 male 1 shut 1 apprentice 1 concrete 1 tugs 1 daubing 1 hypothesized 1 motes 1 anytime 1 saucers 1 eating 1 gothic 1 telegraph 1 valley 1 two - dimensional 1 dunes 1 oregon 1 tetragrams 1 russell 1 existence 1 good - night 1 jay 1 attest 1 maniac 1 register 1 brilliant 1 universe 1 checks 1 monday 1 profound 1 chambering 1 jealousy 1 shock 1 strains 1 blur 1 ashes 1 bottom 1 twitch 1 pulling 1 drippings 1 absence 1 character 1 grateful 1 bills 1 age 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 infinite 1 draft 1 results 1 foot 1 wrap 1 ticking 1 asceticism 1 tad 1 appear 1 n 's 1 thump 1 equation 1 caresses 1 knife 1 husband 1 fossil 1 natural 1 annette 1 hawk 1 released 1 poised 1 booze 1 moss 1 dapper 1 swami 1 cult 1 staggered 1 wunderkind 1 fills 1 hip - hop 1 prisoner 1 deathbed 1 omission 1 handshake 1 entire 1 cantonese 1 brochure 1 decayed 1 plastic 1 teller 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 beach 1 blame 1 hippie 1 glint 1 deadly 1 melted 1 coup 1 19 1 hill 1 smoking 1 expected 1 spectacle 1 tuned 1 shoot 1 yesterday 1 apocalyptic 1 temple 1 steak 1 studies 1 silent 1 cliff 1 causing 1 action 1 polar 1 vacuously 1 outfits 1 teletype 1 fat 1 atmosphere 1 orange 1 surprised 1 gravity 1 activities 1 author 1 slate 1 planned 1 throw 1 strands 1 dutchman 1 hob - nob 1 masochism 1 cross - legged 1 entertaining 1 janitors 1 rottweilers 1 san 1 caf 1 laborers 1 aluminum 1 clutched 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 dare 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 murderers 1 purse 1 flame 1 aleister 1 riding 1 climb 1 bloody 1 adulterer 1 wedding 1 they 'd 1 running 1 blasting 1 alone 1 little 1 pathos 1 combination 1 awkward 1 robin 1 j 1 gunfighter 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 spouses 1 beyond 1 corresponded 1 farce 1 score 1 dirty 1 masque 1 soaked 1 pit 1 fortune 1 mysterious 1 destroyed 1 rod 1 grimace 1 later 1 drains 1 trooper 1 tune 1 toothpick 1 canary 1 metal 1 resemble 1 disapproval 1 bianchi 1 biological 1 decked 1 ventilation 1 framed 1 kerosene 1 scented 1 periodically 1 firs 1 fugitive - from - hollywood 1 button 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 shimmer 1 jaws 1 brother 1 goes 1 promoting 1 postcard 1 clippings 1 unintelligible 1 sparks 1 angle 1 radio 1 scaffolds 1 forgotten 1 ocean 1 queasy 1 nevada 1 movie 1 fuhrman 1 activist 1 wipe 1 jump 1 theory 1 slurring 1 trashcans 1 sighting 1 beautiful 1 without 1 smacks 1 pictures 1 plaid 1 chapter 1 lam 1 radioactive 1 smiled 1 ruinous 1 pushes 1 endless 1 zero 1 footage 1 tank 1 bacardi 1 order 1 american - style 1 waterfront 1 sinatra 1 disintegrates 1 cro - magnon 1 data 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 chuckles 1 confession 1 scream 1 opportunity 1 d 1 chest 1 stoned 1 shadows 1 instrumental 1 slumped 1 like - minded 1 three - foot - high 1 someone 1 herself 1 agency 1 moons 1 smoke 1 child 1 vigil 1 subtracted 1 long - suffering 1 hooks 1 vitriolic 1 fizzes 1 send 1 states 1 needed 1 badge 1 pal 1 banged 1 skiing 1 cellophane - flesh 1 homework 1 delhi 1 incidents 1 silverfish 1 snort 1 discordant 1 checkered - past 1 expensive 1 illuminated 1 expedient 1 crunching 1 bone 1 goodness 1 ending 1 crosses 1 reopen 1 horribly 1 strapless 1 neurons 1 fields 1 fiasco 1 botch 1 electric 1 begins 1 special 1 totaled 1 horrors 1 changed 1 dodd 1 grimy 1 sits 1 handles 1 uxoricidal 1 palms 1 gin 1 kerchief 1 traveling 1 inmate 1 forward 1 luna 1 beat 1 correctional 1 stung 1 compared 1 strolls 1 premonition 1 positions 1 intent 1 relationship 1 ten 1 meets 1 sake 1 adolescent 1 minutia 1 delicate 1 blinded 1 cross 1 island 1 fence 1 hoping 1 authorities 1 monster 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 fir 1 weekend 1 thousands 1 doves 1 parked 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 3 1 rust 1 storm 1 reveals 1 mountains 1 parking 1 scads 1 sounds 1 n ' 1 horn 1 investigating 1 squeaks 1 part 1 pete 's 1 blobby 1 bullyboys 1 rescue 1 flight 1 chariots 1 shotgun 1 knows 1 cats 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 joyride 1 victim 1 basket 1 tacky 1 sweep 1 weighing 1 clarifies 1 remainder 1 park 1 drag 1 strong 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 sustained 1 marquee 1 balanced 1 fuse 1 presumed 1 paths 1 advanced 1 weekly 1 pasture 1 myth 1 matches 1 quickens 1 west 1 concern 1 farmer 1 fishing 1 stays 1 self - mutilation 1 dabbled 1 restored 1 john 1 ranks 1 indifference 1 numerous 1 glee 1 stalker 1 taint 1 workshop 1 catholic 1 senior 1 tedious 1 behavior 1 pet 1 arts 1 loads 1 fly 1 degrees 1 mallet 1 casually 1 tremendous 1 1993 1 indecipherable 1 hank 1 dance 1 bobbed 1 received 1 stuck 1 westerns 1 swallows 1 backgammon 1 hi 1 devil 1 fbi 1 chapel 1 fluke 1 hurricane 1 finding 1 mesas 1 died 1 erected 1 bus 1 customs 1 cheaper 1 tricky 1 black - hearted 1 dentist 1 crowd 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 palm 1 rammed 1 cinder 1 flying 1 passing 1 shoulders 1 slept 1 discharges 1 2013 1 carcass 1 middle 1 fishhook 1 chewed 1 peirce 1 launched 1 indulged 1 adams 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flex 1 handed 1 eloquently 1 dutiful 1 liquor 1 high - tension 1 halfway 1 hitting 1 ahead 1 blacktop 1 relegated 1 adored 1 music 1 location 1 lumbers 1 carefully 1 engine 1 label 1 deserved 1 needs 1 focus 1 scratch 1 token 1 disfigured 1 discard 1 buttress 1 splinters 1 withdraws 1 lesbian 1 peculiar 1 discuss 1 deliver 1 gauzy 1 steady 1 fifteen - minute 1 necessarily 1 gnaw 1 rings 1 laughing 1 blows 1 forges 1 basilisk 1 disregard 1 braided 1 careen 1 drinks 1 venezuela 1 france 1 pursuit 1 disappeared 1 collects 1 scattering 1 bronze 1 brave 1 buttons 1 dwindles 1 ant 1 honest - to - betsy 1 ladies ' 1 buzzing 1 bat 1 award 1 ties 1 kato 1 bloodhound 1 consider 1 banana 1 noose 1 knuckle - whiteners 1 jabbing 1 stockings 1 funicello 1 funny 1 pursued 1 design 1 drawled 1 worried 1 maneuver 1 numerals 1 synaptic 1 picket 1 locks 1 digging 1 et 1 pulses 1 blurred 1 united 1 imperatives 1 parents 1 catches 1 chemicals 1 murdered 1 friendly 1 toilet 1 flea 1 monument 1 petrified 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 vein 1 g 1 diesel 1 fueled 1 entered 1 stir 1 hung 1 harangues 1 enters 1 aftermath 1 powerful 1 manner 1 boxed 1 stabbed 1 besides 1 bleach - blond 1 loved 1 hollowed 1 cluttering 1 curve 1 commercial 1 smug 1 muttering 1 disciple 1 worse 1 cinematic 1 respirator 1 snake - oil 1 broken 1 enamel 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sways 1 machinations 1 esoteric 1 holes 1 warmth 1 conclaves 1 news 1 so - called 1 worth 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 snuck 1 slippery 1 hubs 1 do - overs 1 lapd - o 1 fairy - tale 1 doughnuts 1 collided 1 dragging 1 divided 1 crystal - studded 1 frustration 1 sank 1 forefinger 1 lumped 1 yates 1 oblique 1 hospital 1 ce 1 marker 1 early 1 customary 1 maniacal 1 38 1 chloroformed 1 widower 1 smashes 1 plato 1 rumpled 1 addiction 1 backroom 1 criticized 1 swilled 1 throng 1 smooth 1 figure 1 walkin ' 1 ten - gallon 1 being 1 gibberish 1 priest 1 lanky 1 twist 1 planes 1 morgana 1 casinos 1 gravel 1 hers 1 brownstones 1 pleasure 1 gamut 1 porn 1 glances 1 sympathetic 1 bracing 1 candle 1 blinks 1 abducted 1 crying 1 holds 1 veins 1 boa 1 cutbacks 1 snoozing 1 regard 1 corridor 1 glare 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 drawings 1 barges 1 cowboy 1 hobby 1 swimmer 1 crimson 1 fruiting 1 leaking 1 managed 1 stewing 1 off - brand 1 softball 1 margins 1 proved 1 swaggered 1 whittlin ' 1 nurse 1 heels 1 clumps 1 oxygen 1 slowly 1 financed 1 king 1 cease 1 hefty 1 not - guilty 1 carried 1 jitters 1 capitol 1 nightcap 1 sweater 1 distribution 1 spike 1 stranger 1 folded 1 christ 's 1 coat 1 thunderheads 1 mess 1 supernova 1 coach 1 migrant 1 grainy 1 journalists 1 tubes 1 connections 1 pay 1 galleries 1 igloo 1 receive 1 slammed 1 toast 1 fund 1 wipes 1 cut 1 champ 1 clattering 1 flatness 1 realized 1 basically 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 demonic 1 lake 1 chasm 1 packed 1 meaning 1 largesse 1 gentle 1 leaguer 1 rolling 1 evaporated 1 longs 1 pussyfooting 1 obscurity 1 musty 1 martyr 1 hundred - car 1 shape 1 played 1 evil 1 falling 1 dictator 1 talent 1 north 1 1983 - 84 1 violins 1 negatives 1 attic 1 gaps 1 ward 1 maintain 1 afraid 1 abyss 1 kitten 1 housewives 1 gee 1 handsome 1 cooling 1 twice 1 vacuum 1 jewelry 1 counterpunching 1 flies 1 madcap 1 midnight 1 ricardo 1 radio - clock 1 closed 1 mouthful 1 dvd 1 globe 1 filled 1 international 1 o 1 owner - operator 1 dying 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 cannibal 1 usurp 1 priceless 1 burnt 1 police - drama 1 suddenly 1 apart 1 watches 1 curse 1 glorious 1 domain 1 filmed 1 congratulates 1 judith 1 corners 1 math 1 limousine 1 boom 1 watering 1 datsun 1 michelangelo 1 proving 1 anguish 1 ordained 1 revelation 1 desperate 1 squeak 1 grant 1 ample 1 utilities 1 use 1 theme 1 shallow 1 icebergs 1 white - gold 1 retrospective 1 tirelessly 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 panels 1 secretarial 1 dried 1 mentioned 1 rj 1 surfboard 1 back - page 1 bill 1 you 'd 1 facility 1 march 1 tumbler 1 anniversary 1 vindication 1 fellow 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 subsequently 1 agate 1 hair 's 1 fool 1 taps 1 spaghetti 1 searching 1 belly 1 owns 1 sunlight 1 stick 1 profanities 1 ancients 1 surveillance 1 pebbled 1 hoarse 1 curls 1 suburban 1 stranger 's 1 wags 1 softly 1 magical 1 hemorrhaging 1 taste 1 ivy 1 trembles 1 planet 1 jury 1 greasy 1 70 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 embalming 1 trying 1 lay 1 entrance 1 placing 1 major 1 comprised 1 shindigs 1 forget 1 bastard 1 disembodied 1 play 1 oakland 1 particles 1 noise 1 infamous 1 learned 1 incongruity 1 auntie 1 mighty 1 rags 1 resurrects 1 widened 1 smoky 1 vessels 1 beforehand 1 board 1 moans 1 choked 1 lights 1 breast 1 guts 1 grasp 1 activity 1 oozing 1 birds 1 gropes 1 cookie 1 provocative 1 marvin 1 warped 1 flesh 1 flooded 1 bermuda 1 note 1 memos 1 rumors 1 market 1 fight 1 western 1 curl 1 eons 1 mitts 1 south 1 sorting 1 rendezvous 1 front 1 certain 1 barrel 1 asking 1 professional 1 geography 1 12 1 directly 1 china 1 fractal 1 rival 1 jagged 1 technicality 1 keens 1 government 1 occasionally 1 swiped 1 somethin ' 1 wholesome 1 promised 1 larry 1 stink 1 cement 1 river 1 bar 1 heads 1 pronounce 1 interest 1 reaches 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 sensibilities 1 cosmopolitan 1 conniver 1 men 1 greek 's 1 quantum 1 sags 1 forensics 1 hip 1 ghouls 1 drenched 1 patty 1 tapped 1 maintenance 1 loaned 1 suspicions 1 shell 1 squalid 1 rocketing 1 fiction 1 bulky 1 curled 1 assail 1 rage 1 grief 1 crater 1 lonesome 1 euphoria 1 pointing 1 sports 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 girders 1 disc 1 yelm 1 clamps 1 earth 1 bizarrely 1 tinsel 1 graphic 1 process 1 collecting 1 doorstep 1 lunch 1 spiral 1 laugh 1 eyeballs 1 decipher 1 functionally 1 indictment 1 knowing 1 rotted 1 threw 1 business 1 strong - arm 1 tears 1 shines 1 good - natured 1 pads 1 bitter - sweet 1 hounds 1 wondered 1 lance 1 cameraman 1 exotic 1 bend 1 ceti 1 cortez 1 whereabouts 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 gurney 1 creeps 1 well - heeled 1 support 1 add 1 wrapped 1 salesman 1 inertia 1 crawls 1 created 1 bureau 1 colossus 1 happens 1 preceding 1 hoax 1 mostly 1 hollows 1 wife 's 1 negative 1 historic 1 hate 1 goddamn 1 constrictor 1 romance 1 designers 1 multiple 1 shaped 1 rental 1 clue 1 fixing 1 tick 1 lady 1 painted 1 marry 1 ticket 1 i-5 1 claws 1 dims 1 comment 1 filed 1 jar 1 humble 1 aftershave 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 micromoment 1 portfolio 1 open 1 mannequin 1 artistes 1 beg 1 interlaced 1 trusty 1 jumpsuit 1 part 's 1 plow 1 snopes 1 dog 1 splash 1 severed 1 jacked 1 bundle 1 clipper 1 disappear 1 shared 1 crossbar 1 kabbalists 1 muted 1 arrive 1 slope 1 pack 1 cicadas 1 connection 1 tapes 1 anyone 's 1 kaleidoscope 1 furtive 1 tat 1 lip 1 mesmerized 1 coordinates 1 rational 1 beast 1 shorn 1 arranged 1 sour 1 cycle 1 pity 1 jenna 1 hatefully 1 repository 1 materializes 1 bag 1 directions 1 impoverishment 1 windbreakers 1 kicking 1 promotional 1 lifting 1 deluxe 1 main 1 nerves 1 scrap 1 doodles 1 interior 1 feat 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 graves 1 autopilot 1 sorrow 1 excellent 1 crumbling 1 opening 1 martin 1 palace 1 knickknacks 1 annie 1 month 1 simpson 1 float 1 orbit 1 closing 1 exuded 1 oak 1 demolition 1 static 1 tang 1 appears 1 national 1 taller 1 stand 1 incandesces 1 pushed 1 legion 1 ovaries 1 doin ' 1 beginning 1 shuddered 1 prompting 1 italian 1 husbands 1 scythes 1 study 1 arm 1 fundamental 1 family 1 characterize 1 california 1 rabbits 1 proper 1 sends 1 devotion 1 serried 1 midwest 1 bitch 1 halcyon 1 organized 1 safely 1 facing 1 gills 1 slip 1 lean 1 dreamscape 1 grieving 1 gastrointestinal 1 prove 1 fearless 1 bungalow 1 dead 1 curdles 1 together 1 ledger 1 lounge 1 battered 1 animal 1 hood 1 photo 1 greys ' 1 closet 1 overhand 1 compressed 1 assumes 1 humdrum 1 speeches 1 untouched 1 east 1 pauses 1 continent 1 security 1 unmistakably 1 purple 1 struggles 1 stared 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 cactus 1 adjusts 1 station 1 linen 1 wrecking 1 arrives 1 investigators 1 ridgeway 1 exhibitions 1 balls 1 muses 1 saloon 1 understood 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 old - school 1 bestseller 1 moss - encrusted 1 esperanto 1 thick 1 starving 1 evident 1 remnants 1 random 1 tanks 1 run 1 wedge 1 precedent 1 answer 1 jackpot 1 rearview 1 treasures 1 disposable 1 badges 1 triangle 1 distend 1 sledgehammer 1 exhalations 1 fucking 1 vine 1 availed 1 frame 1 hog 1 remains 1 decent 1 grab 1 scrapes 1 lazy 1 variations 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 built 1 luxury 1 v 1 worries 1 memory 1 gathered 1 accepting 1 bones 1 catalyst 1 spine 1 unrestrained 1 credit 1 brawls 1 trembling 1 breeze 1 emails 1 congress 1 unlocked 1 threats 1 elements 1 accusations 1 observing 1 seems 1 perfume 1 clank 1 several 1 laughs 1 indulge 1 aware 1 stops 1 leagues 1 flinch 1 raveled 1 receded 1 wallop 1 wishes 1 corporate 1 record 1 sing 1 krakatoa 1 bloodstain 1 resemblance 1 designer - model 1 prolonged 1 apples 1 plush 1 mile 1 reel 1 border 1 talked 1 america 1 sweats 1 bound 1 shackles 1 counts 1 mature 1 foams 1 circumference 1 lock 1 tau 1 miles 1 images 1 iceboxes 1 shrill 1 sprung 1 whether 1 forever 1 possess 1 coordinate 1 neon 1 devil 's 1 feeling 1 dogged 1 thanks 1 grave 1 stutter 1 shakes 1 count 1 pillow 1 decolonized 1 deny 1 dumb 1 parks 1 gr 1 consternation 1 cruises 1 backed 1 unfortunate 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 sleepy 1 sagged 1 founders 1 bankers 1 towel 1 melancholy 1 rushes 1 joe 1 molted 1 finished 1 ripping 1 half 1 interrogations 1 straws 1 searched 1 appearances 1 nodding 1 doubt 1 dominic 1 panic 1 assault 1 hidden 1 testing 1 crowley 1 why 'd 1 hinterlands 1 double 1 squeeze 1 glamorous 1 hardly 1 slops 1 outer 1 handiwork 1 rottweiler 1 drowned 1 rooms 1 franchise 1 chums 1 kid 1 spokesperson 1 hives 1 scrambles 1 net 1 caressed 1 superb 1 environmental 1 shadow 1 prison - interview 1 attrition 1 considered 1 soap 1 climbin ' 1 stride 1 worst 1 rutted 1 witness 1 fierceness 1 cubes 1 glaze 1 pears 1 plummet 1 bleached 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 reasons 1 possession 1 private 1 slob 1 title 1 heel 1 rule 1 yarn 1 wind 1 cover 1 nger 1 slipping 1 covering 1 seagulls 1 magnet 1 warning 1 tonic 1 arrest 1 network 1 wrist 1 accounted 1 theories 1 doppelg 1 deserve 1 upcoming 1 tore 1 blinking 1 kindness 1 three - day 1 cruiser 's 1 spliced 1 clever 1 erupts 1 signed 1 became 1 popular 1 numbers 1 hey 1 theater 1 strip 1 overhead 1 miniature 1 shipment 1 handle 1 eh 1 coroner 's 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 87 1 coincidence 1 blurry 1 closes 1 inescapable 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 brood 1 sunday 's 1 hassle 1 bowed 1 drift 1 converted 1 pd 1 de 1 bomb 1 handsets 1 waxed 1 billion 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 blackouts 1 prerecorded 1 doctor 's 1 sat 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 collected 1 suffocated 1 toes 1 ski 1 premiere 1 elongated 1 savagely 1 archipelago 1 settles 1 hangs 1 often 1 intensity 1 cambridge 1 replacement 1 distracted 1 arose 1 ya 1 squashed 1 timeframe 1 chirr 1 treading 1 liverpool 1 francisco 1 summer 1 robots 1 xx-201957 1 whiskey 1 rich 1 fuses 1 prison 1 scary 1 explanation 1 7 1 loose 1 others 1 millstone 1 sent 1 sneaky 1 sinews 1 misdemeanor 1 shade 1 eaten 1 busload 1 alarm 1 fragile 1 clutches 1 decameron 1 builds 1 den 1 no - talent 1 expressed 1 saboteurs 1 given 1 aged 1 lotta 1 whimpering 1 gong 1 denied 1 nictitates 1 coward 1 pantry 1 ad 1 article 1 slot 1 link 1 wham 1 chat 1 lives 1 peer 1 territory 1 weeds 1 speaks 1 dealers 1 mammoth 1 asserted 1 macabre 1 donate 1 insignificant 1 savage 1 memorized 1 catching 1 patronizing 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 plausible 1 pathologists 1 visited 1 piles 1 motive 1 offer 1 pulls 1 dramatic 1 lava 1 haggard 1 tuesday 1 occult 1 rounds 1 flower - print 1 pie 1 bawling 1 thirty - six 1 mood 1 metaphorically 1 draped 1 pattern 1 fully 1 phantasmagoria 1 taking 1 well - pleased 1 cynic 1 agents 1 prefers 1 computers 1 needle 1 sonofagun 1 style 1 humdingers 1 signal 1 hooch 1 mason 's 1 farthest 1 neckties 1 twenty - or 1 herbal 1 television 1 rugby 1 afterimages 1 pulled 1 admitted 1 gods 1 lambada 1 crocodile 1 hears 1 chewing 1 fabled 1 mc 1 deformed 1 himself 1 indelible 1 properties 1 machines 1 county 1 scanning 1 rap 1 hitched 1 bullets 1 alive 1 pays 1 polychromatic 1 latent 1 tongue 1 quote 1 exclusive 1 paraplegia 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pours 1 face - saving 1 wither 1 guzzling 1 select 1 store 1 trip 1 silhouettes 1 pills 1 heap 1 native 1 douglas 1 machinery 1 statue 1 diapers 1 walking 1 attended 1 bank 1 bored 1 tour 1 vehicle 1 axe 1 slap 1 friend 1 youth 1 threshing 1 hums 1 pioneer 1 bull 1 wasted 1 seals 1 logjam 1 blew 1 knees 1 tit 1 they ' ve 1 frequency 1 shy 1 mar 1 doom 1 hamlet 1 lunches 1 dj 's 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 drowning 1 confirm 1 oils 1 empty 1 eco - terrorists 1 terminally 1 mother 1 hit - and - run 1 concentrate 1 exaggerated 1 retiree 1 evergreen 1 rifle 1 leftover 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 quiver 1 swinging 1 eyeliner 1 disqualified 1 vent 1 cramps 1 hits 1 etched 1 grabs 1 sneak 1 lab 1 swallowed 1 worm 1 seagull 1 bee 's 1 beef 1 stark 1 acclaimed 1 resembles 1 quickly 1 snake - skin 1 desire 1 trailing 1 festival 1 fruit 1 could n't 1 gloom 1 stamping 1 solid 1 finds 1 apron 1 are n't 1 culprit 1 tourist 1 darkens 1 newspaper 1 courtroom 1 causes 1 stashed 1 floating 1 dime 1 sold 1 shuts 1 suv 1 smithsonian 1 hang - ups 1 confiscated 1 spill 1 hydraulics 1 immense 1 wing 1 objects 1 palermo 1 unknown 1 machine 1 neglected 1 actresses 1 detractors 1 liver 1 williams 1 trap 1 scribbling 1 obeyed 1 twin 1 extortion 1 pull 1 divide 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 fidget 1 instead 1 sort 1 should n't 1 sauce 1 drank 1 florid 1 accomplish 1 illiterate 1 creased 1 bigger 1 maples 1 tu 1 vice 1 charisma 1 insubstantial 1 warns 1 balloonlike 1 intelligencer 1 tons 1 machiavelli 1 held 1 divorce 1 clear 1 distends 1 schneider 's 1 nucleus 1 riptide 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 cigarette 1 feminine 1 knives 1 occasions 1 hanged 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 volunteers 1 strapped 1 otero 1 off - kilter 1 try 1 polish 1 pause 1 wayne 1 killed 1 enemy 1 paint 1 snap 1 paraffin 1 despise 1 wore 1 150 1 sunday 1 champagne 1 photographs 1 contacted 1 sandals 1 present 1 republic 1 fanfare 1 fog 1 headed 1 cashing 1 blockbuster 1 dome 1 creases 1 weather 1 comrades 1 unseasonably 1 swapped 1 common 1 stalked 1 precautions 1 driving 1 chord 1 tried 1 supposed 1 smelly 1 tells 1 walked 1 correct 1 noticed 1 alamogordo 1 lovely 1 flexible 1 five 1 utter 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 ja - ack 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 hornet 1 cathedral 1 club 1 jelly 1 list 1 multiplying 1 accident 1 tics 1 stage 1 massive 1 core 1 supper 1 angstrom 1 torpedoing 1 invisible 1 shrivel 1 bops 1 tunnel 1 confront 1 slowdown 1 spines 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 vocal 1 opens 1 designs 1 modern 1 completely 1 bees 1 oprah 1 translucent 1 gold 1 shutter 1 dirge 1 poster 1 chance 1 majority 1 tube 1 aneurysm 1 involvement 1 raises 1 investigation 1 traces 1 correction 1 loyal 1 require 1 strikes 1 flamboyant 1 ride 1 rattling 1 volkswagen 1 montalb 1 starting 1 abusive 1 assholes 1 dairy 1 fata 1 genius 1 hang 1 gangstas 1 brought 1 orgies 1 mark 1 leaped 1 listen 1 foundation 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 shake 1 detonation 1 drop 1 ridge 1 underground 1 invention 1 couple 's 1 circumstantial 1 shudders 1 services 1 reduced 1 ghosts 1 soul 1 community 1 deed 1 flair 1 motels 1 anne 1 flowerbox 922 .
the broadsword - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the broadsword 859 the 495 and 422 a 331 of 289 his 274 he 274 to 252 in 185 was 128 you 110 it 103 from 103 pershing 94 that 91 him 91 on 89 with 82 for 80 i 79 as 78 at 73 her 67 had 67 said 60 she 55 this 54 they 50 or 50 he 'd 50 an 47 were 47 if 47 into 44 be 43 by 41 what 40 like 39 their 39 one 37 so 37 not 36 them 35 about 34 mel 33 but 33 terry 33 through 32 when 31 more 31 wanda 30 me 30 no 29 than 29 is 28 who 27 we 27 there 27 out 26 over 26 all 26 around 25 do n't 25 been 24 got 24 two 24 then 23 your 22 would 22 its 22 back 22 come 22 how 22 made 22 did n't 22 night 21 i ' m 21 elgin 21 after 21 up 21 apartment 21 have 21 are 20 man 20 my 20 himself 20 while 18 could 18 do 18 which 17 pershing 's 17 away 17 just 17 went 17 off 17 old 16 some 16 other 16 too 16 few 16 these 15 now 15 until 15 face 15 thought 15 hand 14 even 14 behind 14 broadsword 14 hell 14 black 14 own 14 long 14 it 's 14 years 14 room 13 better 13 dark 13 gave 13 did 13 left 13 know 13 well 13 stood 13 time 13 oh 13 down 13 here 13 day 13 head 12 going 12 get 12 right 12 was n't 12 came 12 seen 12 only 12 make 12 every 12 maybe 12 light 12 detective 12 called 12 see 12 before 11 something 11 much 11 days 11 told 11 girl 11 had n't 11 lived 11 heart 11 water 11 three 11 put 11 tell 11 door 11 anything 11 along 10 that 's 10 near 10 little 10 you 're 10 any 10 where 10 heard 10 wanted 10 should 10 hours 10 eyes 10 wanda 's 10 vent 10 could n't 10 across 9 gone 9 people 9 eric 9 many 9 say 9 woman 9 shadows 9 woods 9 mind 9 place 9 men 9 person 9 house 9 morning 9 home 9 couple 9 took 9 several 9 yet 9 ever 9 saw 9 first 8 really 8 dennard 8 go 8 we 'll 8 talking 8 way 8 our 8 smiled 8 upon 8 last 8 against 8 inside 8 why 8 another 8 such 8 hotel 8 klecko 8 lay 8 hopkins 8 gina 8 drink 8 hands 8 cabin 8 will 8 i 'll 8 felt 8 because 8 wife 8 ask 8 take 8 window 8 she 'd 7 can 7 never 7 neck 7 end 7 someone 7 sure 7 wall 7 good 7 least 7 almost 7 toward 7 mr 7 glass 7 terry 's 7 sound 7 phone 7 bottle 7 bit 7 knew 7 red 7 during 7 darkness 7 life 7 moment 7 heat 7 dead 7 stared 7 second 7 love 7 find 7 trees 7 skin 7 friend 7 asked 7 done 7 small 7 weather 7 walked 7 five 7 enough 7 thing 6 danger 6 building 6 table 6 set 6 bad 6 stuff 6 late 6 fire 6 wine 6 hair 6 orange 6 wrong 6 those 6 months 6 turn 6 soon 6 living 6 superintendent 6 most 6 there 's 6 somebody 6 i ' ve 6 office 6 yeah 6 none 6 being 6 hard 6 fear 6 coming 6 minutes 6 brain 6 grinned 6 moved 6 pop 6 afternoon 6 certain 6 things 6 police 6 think 6 nothing 6 everything 6 mom 6 although 6 below 6 feet 6 arm 6 family 6 mouth 6 sense 6 rest 6 might 6 jimmy 6 ordbecker 6 quite 6 walker 6 blood 6 weeks 6 children 6 always 6 lost 6 watched 6 within 6 dressed 6 dreams 6 she 's 6 school 6 either 6 closer 6 us 5 drunk 5 real 5 elgin 's 5 tree 5 hot 5 who 'd 5 watching 5 damn 5 they 'd 5 later 5 kept 5 under 5 bed 5 great 5 child 5 new 5 sugar 5 voice 5 actually 5 anyone 5 relationship 5 hat 5 big 5 else 5 course 5 kids 5 gloria 5 percy 5 except 5 nobody 5 is n't 5 air 5 cops 5 chuckled 5 hills 5 turned 5 week 5 clouds 5 lights 5 outside 5 young 5 car 5 whispered 5 open 5 pack 5 odd 5 system 5 care 5 visit 5 together 5 cold 5 distance 5 frame 5 laughter 5 feel 5 started 5 sly 5 became 5 sweat 5 broke 5 between 5 dinner 5 body 5 appeared 5 shook 5 darkened 5 laughed 5 found 5 dozen 5 finally 5 killed 5 floor 5 noticed 5 side 5 name 5 glasses 5 mark 5 pair 5 high 4 dropped 4 everyone 4 owned 4 depths 4 hear 4 figured 4 saying 4 met 4 white 4 sleep 4 eventually 4 shut 4 prior 4 couch 4 want 4 tenants 4 ethel 4 four 4 tools 4 coffee 4 god 4 alone 4 questions 4 beyond 4 past 4 passed 4 conversation 4 order 4 kind 4 pretty 4 needed 4 screamed 4 acquired 4 ceiling 4 fact 4 sometimes 4 meet 4 state 4 decided 4 next 4 died 4 hit 4 worry 4 passing 4 recorder 4 clothes 4 seemed 4 soft 4 bedroom 4 meant 4 lisa 4 baby 4 give 4 managed 4 girlfriend 4 best 4 damp 4 camp 4 caused 4 played 4 edge 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 despite 4 porch 4 box 4 spent 4 trying 4 figures 4 flesh 4 eye 4 fine 4 watch 4 meanwhile 4 line 4 furnace 4 olympia 4 vents 4 working 4 lighted 4 let 's 4 surveying 4 forms 4 whatever 4 bowl 4 yards 4 purple 4 happened 4 leaves 4 work 4 stories 4 hearing 4 half 4 kid 4 let 4 shadow 4 still 4 wind 4 rain 4 usually 4 stars 4 sat 4 sun 4 thus 4 others 4 spread 4 friends 4 gesture 4 faces 4 hole 4 since 4 television 4 knees 4 corner 4 slightly 4 true 4 unpleasant 4 scared 4 beneath 4 reached 4 quickly 4 moving 4 nearly 4 held 4 heavy 4 peace 4 tried 4 stage 4 remained 4 times 3 married 3 immediately 3 p 3 stone 3 rose 3 rocks 3 soda 3 happy 3 milk 3 green 3 job 3 organic 3 freeman 3 dragged 3 eating 3 relief 3 valley 3 doing 3 third 3 monday 3 boy 3 area 3 booze 3 affected 3 rolled 3 listened 3 he 's 3 lips 3 college 3 cheek 3 man 's 3 suggested 3 kinda 3 dear 3 understand 3 preferred 3 move 3 brother 3 without 3 manticore 3 fan 3 birthday 3 composed 3 rattled 3 start 3 bone 3 father 3 money 3 ten 3 september 3 look 3 mountains 3 again 3 means 3 119 3 west 3 lemonade 3 probably 3 custodian 3 sarah 3 hiking 3 pete 3 cast 3 company 3 m 3 middle 3 grew 3 younger 3 playing 3 missing 3 drinks 3 older 3 break 3 glanced 3 what 's 3 forest 3 have n't 3 crazy 3 dishes 3 strange 3 leaned 3 figure 3 windows 3 sneaking 3 jesus 3 waited 3 event 3 question 3 also 3 realized 3 field 3 forth 3 human 3 dirt 3 closed 3 showed 3 has 3 marina 3 meter 3 guys 3 use 3 star 3 fellow 3 mean 3 bushes 3 search 3 learned 3 stumbling 3 worked 3 situation 3 stretch 3 top 3 directly 3 waiting 3 yourself 3 word 3 sports 3 need 3 does 3 thankfully 3 cup 3 threw 3 regina 3 tears 3 itself 3 fingers 3 hate 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 lady 3 call 3 singing 3 talk 3 post 3 wished 3 climbed 3 weak 3 chatting 3 static 3 spooked 3 case 3 silver 3 shoe 3 we 're 3 battered 3 formed 3 closet 3 touched 3 operation 3 station 3 wound 3 mel 's 3 getting 3 connie 3 waved 3 tales 3 large 3 memory 3 become 3 betsy 3 downtown 3 enjoyed 3 each 3 smile 3 close 3 however 3 allowed 3 muscles 3 imagined 3 tonight 3 knocked 3 joints 3 very 3 nonetheless 3 problem 3 wilderness 3 blanket 3 stopped 3 deep 3 six 3 remembered 3 often 3 bright 3 described 3 same 3 named 3 dim 3 you ' ve 3 smelled 3 ordbeckers 3 attack 3 beer 3 pulled 3 gods 3 pretending 3 chop 3 touch 3 cared 3 shoulder 3 got ta 3 used 3 story 3 looks 3 served 3 gloom 3 sign 3 spy 3 dread 3 drank 3 clear 3 books 3 bobby 3 fell 3 surrounded 3 once 3 wore 3 fog 3 headed 3 leave 3 meager 3 massive 3 desk 3 short 3 sleeping 3 brought 3 remain 3 checked 3 anne 2 boxers 2 zipped 2 interview 2 super 2 wild 2 wait 2 share 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 matter 2 tables 2 wo n't 2 trouble 2 local 2 suspicion 2 whom 2 show 2 1973 2 return 2 serious 2 keep 2 supply 2 spend 2 already 2 thanked 2 ghost 2 dripped 2 heavily 2 stains 2 psychic 2 evening 2 whistling 2 allegedly 2 owner 2 yellow 2 seconds 2 radiated 2 country 2 flared 2 degenerated 2 expression 2 wonder 2 considering 2 bring 2 parties 2 both 2 regular 2 mumble 2 tumbled 2 haunted 2 stygian 2 dad 2 restaurant 2 rather 2 age 2 there 'd 2 volume 2 bottles 2 key 2 save 2 experiences 2 bath 2 husband 2 2 2 doubt - less 2 card 2 thursday 2 moss 2 whispering 2 primordial 2 meat 2 experience 2 entire 2 plastic 2 erased 2 depot 2 hill 2 dream 2 woke 2 murmured 2 church 2 pulsed 2 crap 2 emanated 2 running 2 switch 2 swept 2 grasped 2 weirdoes 2 picked 2 stiff 2 mysterious 2 clearing 2 possible 2 metal 2 poured 2 split 2 jack 2 anxiety 2 sweetie 2 dusty 2 goes 2 buildings 2 radio 2 accepted 2 department 2 brightened 2 suspected 2 sticky 2 attracted 2 drinker 2 chair 2 narrow 2 following 2 sorry 2 definitely 2 they 're 2 gleamed 2 interested 2 grown 2 onto 2 fissure 2 whole 2 expensive 2 finger 2 would ' ve 2 occasional 2 voices 2 grimy 2 giggled 2 antique 2 forward 2 floors 2 hoped 2 flicked 2 gina 's 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 report 2 weekend 2 passenger 2 stop 2 rang 2 information 2 wallet 2 rust 2 misery 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 sounds 2 part 2 rescue 2 lifetime 2 insisted 2 knows 2 stayed 2 nebulous 2 recall 2 ached 2 convinced 2 elbow 2 recession 2 less 2 casually 2 tall 2 fixed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 lately 2 finding 2 bus 2 crowd 2 coy 2 beckoned 2 slashed 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 leaving 2 impression 2 liquor 2 clayton 2 constant 2 crew 2 ones 2 regarded 2 kitchen 2 certainly 2 engine 2 tomorrow 2 flickered 2 forced 2 suspect 2 peculiar 2 struck 2 steady 2 disappeared 2 escape 2 falsetto 2 hundred 2 consider 2 upstairs 2 shone 2 freight 2 lower 2 sounded 2 funny 2 uneasily 2 ridges 2 neighborhood 2 occurred 2 friendly 2 tendrils 2 visiting 2 cripes 2 view 2 okay 2 besides 2 ruled 2 exchanged 2 news 2 ball 2 devils 2 followed 2 beam 2 halls 2 plunged 2 emergency 2 moldy 2 early 2 lugging 2 nancy 2 morris 2 molding 2 executive 2 farfetched 2 acoustics 2 possibly 2 funeral 2 hid 2 hall 2 different 2 pleasure 2 seattle 2 lighting 2 glare 2 number 2 proved 2 having 2 blackened 2 carried 2 far 2 makes 2 maple 2 pad 2 slammed 2 especially 2 baseball 2 ha 2 cash 2 rise 2 dialed 2 lake 2 suite 2 guess 2 comfortable 2 catch 2 decades 2 dealt 2 round 2 illumination 2 routinely 2 son 2 cooling 2 syrupy 2 personality 2 teeth 2 complex 2 nine 2 marred 2 reason 2 labored 2 stretched 2 muffled 2 throbbing 2 continue 2 words 2 temperature 2 events 2 sandwiches 2 lot 2 notion 2 chin 2 fleshy 2 scope 2 nodded 2 softly 2 nearby 2 bet 2 retirement 2 returned 2 stay 2 embarrassingly 2 sudden 2 above 2 help 2 bastard 2 slurred 2 play 2 intensified 2 obviously 2 spade 2 prank 2 elevator 2 previous 2 staying 2 presence 2 thank 2 constance 2 check 2 naked 2 nature 2 note 2 keeping 2 colossal 2 race 2 kidneys 2 visions 2 bar 2 caverns 2 hide 2 answered 2 twinkled 2 city 2 wrinkled 2 dementia 2 kissed 2 grief 2 neighboring 2 ceased 2 earth 2 crooning 2 slipped 2 offline 2 wiped 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 higgins 2 patted 2 apocalypse 2 raving 2 portion 2 happens 2 mostly 2 mattress 2 wrote 2 normalcy 2 mystery 2 comment 2 judging 2 suits 2 he 'll 2 who 's 2 bathroom 2 ears 2 muted 2 breathed 2 friend 's 2 anybody 2 pains 2 nerves 2 tittered 2 blue 2 constantly 2 cards 2 nowhere 2 15 2 isolated 2 sofa 2 lifted 2 calling 2 subterranean 2 rank 2 inner 2 dreamed 2 california 2 surface 2 mass 2 gore 2 trick 2 girls 2 guessed 2 extra 2 bonfire 2 security 2 clash 2 shh 2 grin 2 run 2 answer 2 please 2 nah 2 opened 2 grab 2 revealed 2 wickedness 2 gathered 2 memories 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 burned 2 fit 2 careful 2 driver 2 record 2 talked 2 uncle 2 october 2 miles 2 emerged 2 whether 2 feeling 2 silence 2 grave 2 circuit 2 full 2 finished 2 panic 2 hidden 2 accompanied 2 brief 2 rooms 2 we ' ve 2 ordbecker 's 2 worst 2 fluttered 2 hello 2 happen 2 huddled 2 direction 2 stalking 2 inverted 2 teacher 2 sweetbreads 2 dry 2 campsite 2 numbers 2 warm 2 exactly 2 hey 2 overhead 2 dress 2 strangers 2 ring 2 pitcher 2 cars 2 gasped 2 quality 2 food 2 consecutive 2 asleep 2 thrilled 2 free 2 branches 2 sent 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 graduated 2 given 2 feed 2 lives 2 truth 2 stripped 2 slid 2 though 2 cabellos 2 secret 2 visited 2 rounds 2 looked 2 thirty - six 2 draped 2 entry 2 must 2 needle 2 imagination 2 lobster 2 pocket 2 dunno 2 normally 2 dogs 2 machines 2 ravine 2 easier 2 suffered 2 apparently 2 myself 2 ready 2 eric 's 2 track 2 wear 2 pale 2 bored 2 says 2 stench 2 spring 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 nightmares 2 empty 2 joy 2 hearth 2 guy 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 nightmare 2 background 2 remote 2 melting 2 yes 2 daylight 2 base 2 change 2 are n't 2 glowed 2 stashed 2 lurked 2 roughly 2 does n't 2 cox 2 fancy 2 mindless 2 sort 2 game 2 reading 2 bigger 2 former 2 jerky 2 glow 2 fifty 2 sixth 2 refrigerator 2 mold 2 impossible 2 occasions 2 claimed 2 maintained 2 coolness 2 officer 2 cave 2 turns 2 robber 2 bugged 2 obstreperous 2 randy 2 drove 2 ghostly 2 clammy 2 compass 2 quiet 2 task 2 clock 2 concerns 2 senses 2 glance 2 whispers 2 supper 2 delirium 2 shirt 2 town 2 pump 2 gotten 2 helped 2 acid 2 looking 2 paid 2 seventy 2 simply 2 guilt 2 oozed 2 appreciation 2 vest 2 latest 2 noted 2 hang 2 crossed 2 shop 2 homeland 2 brown 2 bought 2 quarter 2 hugged 2 ghosts 2 slithered 1 levity 1 unexpectedly 1 descended 1 supplied 1 calm 1 taken 1 sole 1 voluptuous 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 belonged 1 lounging 1 gray 1 inimitable 1 medicine 1 single - bedroom 1 twenty 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 doorways 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 trust 1 bedrooms - elgin 1 settling 1 steadily 1 silly 1 batting 1 haste 1 gruesome 1 seeing 1 tenancy 1 fluid 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 mimicking 1 siege 1 white - gloved 1 broad - sword 1 fair 1 ballgames 1 tragic 1 fiercely 1 industrial 1 signaled 1 booth 1 who - ever 1 8 1 slung 1 headache 1 muck 1 quaking 1 peaked 1 noting 1 gourmands 1 appropriate 1 rate 1 coals 1 dramatically 1 density 1 remarking 1 extricated 1 unceremoniously 1 source 1 dwells 1 thunderclap 1 failed 1 sink 1 sanctuary 1 puckered 1 allowing 1 ear 1 boyhood 1 roosting 1 1 1 tattoo 1 sufficient 1 sumed 1 abiding 1 wash 1 finish 1 wring 1 cooked 1 acceptance 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 demented 1 roared 1 appearance - his 1 hardwood 1 1983 1 chided 1 surprise 1 matted 1 daze 1 cracks 1 fetched 1 semblance 1 commented 1 antennas 1 echoing 1 exchange 1 backpack 1 um 1 veteran 1 wad 1 tightly 1 for - est 1 arms 1 latter 1 thigh 1 surpassed 1 gloomy 1 environments 1 fritz 1 blemishes 1 classier 1 relieve 1 taffy 1 rent 1 hissed 1 deal 1 personal 1 thoroughfares 1 nattering 1 soundless 1 banker 1 sweaty 1 suspension 1 historian 1 encampment 1 exposure 1 though - you 're 1 sidled 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 pulse 1 radical 1 logic 1 vast 1 tunes 1 student 1 partly 1 nightclub - cum - gambling 1 made - in - china 1 gape 1 architect 1 torch 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 counting 1 leader 1 after - dinner 1 grudging 1 missed 1 violet 1 blasted 1 impatient 1 referred 1 coordination 1 detached 1 captor 1 bakery 1 geophysical 1 burglar 1 bats 1 brow 1 devour 1 crib 1 sight 1 vino 1 protected 1 arrived 1 cabinet 1 misses 1 relented 1 far - mainly 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 offered 1 jumble 1 male 1 spied 1 concrete 1 explanations 1 precinct 1 flashing 1 mainly 1 lyrics 1 unimaginable 1 speed 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 located 1 rafters 1 zipper 1 nasty 1 wet 1 brad 1 twisted 1 signals 1 thumbs 1 chrysalis 1 spurred 1 adopted 1 candles 1 universe 1 wacko 1 daunting 1 jealousy 1 estate 1 cocked 1 route 1 observers ' 1 pattering 1 pulling 1 cur - rent 1 cosmos 1 patently 1 stoking 1 kerouac 1 elsewhere 1 styrofoam 1 stairwells 1 scotch 1 c'm on 1 tailored 1 perry 1 foreign 1 amused 1 district 1 irritable 1 infinite 1 sock 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 mental 1 lemon 1 vogue 1 fried 1 jeezus 1 foot 1 tiles 1 wrap 1 inexplicable 1 replaced 1 shale 1 worker 1 unidentifiable 1 hair - line 1 gas 1 snug 1 hope 1 knife 1 dimly 1 columned 1 exist 1 transformed 1 gets 1 criminal 1 construction 1 today 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 sport 1 fret 1 yolks 1 cloths 1 conditioning 1 doorway 1 titanic 1 tail 1 extent 1 heirs 1 spree 1 fix 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 pincers 1 measures 1 gunned 1 sinking 1 taxes 1 verse 1 dawn 1 fringes 1 mastery 1 tract 1 terrified 1 lane 1 tiptoed 1 purchased 1 perched 1 season 1 clumsily 1 furniture 1 splattered 1 nonchalance 1 blame 1 hippie 1 sea 1 graduate 1 routine 1 melted 1 coils 1 worn 1 sickening 1 sharing 1 smoking 1 jobs 1 dismissive 1 wary 1 inevitably 1 humid 1 tuned 1 abused 1 yesterday 1 perils 1 miked 1 viscid 1 girl 's 1 cyst 1 habitat 1 silent 1 broadsword - they 1 player 1 popping 1 trapped 1 contemptuous 1 polar 1 insinuated 1 loath 1 regina 's 1 unconvinced 1 them - selves 1 crushing 1 dresser 1 lord 1 disconnected 1 mariners ' 1 amiable 1 incipient 1 vats 1 surveyor 1 flirtatious 1 excursions - no 1 out - she 1 unconscious 1 boded 1 exact 1 child - and 1 strands 1 juices 1 divorced 1 punch 1 blue - streaked 1 electricity 1 gorge 1 hefted 1 noxious 1 san 1 ohh 1 mars 1 spilled 1 seized 1 memorabilia 1 prowling 1 focused 1 quick 1 peeling 1 hellion 1 transferring 1 poet 1 ripped 1 possibility 1 artificiality 1 flashlight 1 match 1 suspicious 1 spiritual 1 twilight 1 pilgrimage - on 1 catered 1 series 1 perspiring 1 prickle 1 shatter 1 mounds 1 variety 1 unsteadily 1 nervous 1 bubble 1 chills 1 hostile 1 abandoning 1 uphill 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 travails 1 refused 1 carl 1 alcoholism 1 jumpy 1 lifestyle 1 bodies 1 tab 1 bone - white 1 original 1 seldom 1 she 'll 1 jamb 1 aloofness 1 brick 1 seventieth 1 pit 1 destroyed 1 embedded 1 quiescent 1 temp 1 wan 1 shaken 1 tricks 1 breathy 1 tinny 1 relive 1 straddle - legged 1 second - guessing 1 trail 1 provincial 1 confide 1 getting 's 1 middle - income 1 chicken 1 roiled 1 decked 1 introduced 1 addled 1 snoring 1 withdraw 1 hosted 1 shit 1 periodically 1 sour - mel 1 1982 1 kicked 1 slaughterhouse 1 letters 1 squeal 1 features 1 pleasantries 1 fortunate 1 physiognomies 1 inches 1 blankenship 1 preceded 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 determined 1 yonder 1 relish 1 deepest 1 conditioner 1 tattooed 1 intestines 1 goodnight 1 zone 1 grandfather 's 1 visualized 1 personally 1 five - year - old 1 mice 1 sparks 1 stab 1 superior 1 rained 1 dropping 1 appraised 1 roads 1 miss 1 pride 1 reach 1 bowls 1 purely 1 funded 1 reliable 1 neatly 1 scarcely 1 chocolates 1 gravitas 1 particular 1 discern 1 9 1 vanguard 1 glaring 1 el 1 manitou 1 chapter 1 ances 1 implacably 1 blend 1 was - poor 1 surgeon 1 traditional 1 fishy 1 fears 1 follow 1 11 1 continued 1 endless 1 approving 1 ecological 1 chasing 1 queued 1 smudges 1 bravado 1 prints 1 snicker 1 glittery 1 friday 1 abduction 1 sly 's 1 wonder- 1 soundings 1 fed 1 camouflage 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wha - a - t 1 chuckles 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 unease 1 leech 1 corona 1 day 's 1 stumbled 1 circling 1 chest 1 wondering 1 ganja 1 months- 1 mush 1 sensible 1 slumped 1 ascended 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 repeat 1 screwing 1 jerks 1 wave 1 victims 1 eternal 1 putting 1 hissing 1 protect 1 penitence 1 herself 1 underneath 1 amateur 1 agency 1 indebted 1 gibbering 1 comfort 1 mixer 1 subtly 1 unseen 1 come - on 1 muggers 1 thud 1 steep 1 burst 1 ethel 's 1 ammonia 1 dorm 1 pal 1 innocent 1 as- 1 che 1 incidents 1 grottos 1 nose 1 prospects 1 unscrewed 1 outgrabe 1 illuminated 1 gentlemen 1 impatience 1 own - and 1 delusional 1 miller 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 invasion 1 couples 1 slugger 1 trembled 1 cutting 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 calls 1 visitor - call 1 fields 1 jeez 1 lashed 1 know - two 1 civilization 's 1 spacious 1 fright 1 special 1 stores 1 bruises 1 sundew 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 s 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 changed 1 ruefully 1 shed 1 cloudy 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ziggurats 1 actors 1 weekends 1 disconsolate 1 plaster 1 traveling 1 sober 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 hiss 1 half - crouched 1 hullo 1 hiker 1 discoveries 1 doorknobs 1 overnight 1 beat 1 cooler 1 tender 1 diabolical 1 indignities 1 wednesday 1 colleagues 1 intent 1 marks 1 handy 1 mome 1 bookshops 1 insides 1 eager 1 sake 1 dwelled 1 exquisitely 1 standby 1 announced 1 choir 1 insufferable 1 postmark 1 material 1 repulsed 1 heed 1 griping 1 amazing 1 men ' 1 grillwork 1 blob 1 bole 1 fence 1 depressingly 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 roof 1 parked 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tops 1 migration 1 3 1 venture 1 timeless 1 groans 1 inspection 1 storm 1 delivered 1 dismissal 1 parking 1 shapes 1 soup 1 punctured 1 horn 1 betters 1 treaty 1 yawned 1 winter 1 amniotic 1 silently 1 explained 1 confident 1 beds 1 iii 1 insane 1 slither 1 shocked 1 freaked 1 ungainly 1 you - no 1 cackle 1 bellicose 1 subscription 1 oasis 1 shrank 1 14 1 begged 1 mischievous 1 overripe 1 basket 1 hooked 1 bouquet 1 imposter 1 recorded 1 screaming 1 robot 1 blind 1 desks 1 peephole - she 1 scuttling 1 lesser - known 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 accomplishment 1 disappointing 1 perilously 1 inlet 1 caked 1 tomb 1 remainder 1 james 1 awarded 1 reasonable 1 frankly 1 calendar 1 luxuriating 1 penchant 1 slimy 1 forests 1 sparked 1 brine 1 humor 1 seven 1 pop 's 1 making 1 fulfilled 1 matches 1 figurines 1 camps 1 thickness 1 cleared 1 axis 1 father 's 1 appalachian 1 swim 1 muggy 1 kiddo 1 overlong 1 thickets 1 grandma 1 flat 1 slime 1 plenty 1 annoyed 1 misty 1 guzzle 1 senior 1 spooled 1 behavior 1 dislocation 1 chatted 1 afterthought 1 da 1 toughs 1 file 1 dignity 1 degrees 1 starch 1 pissed - i 1 vodka 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 chivvied 1 semi - hypnosis 1 creaked 1 received 1 valium 1 hi 1 devise 1 earthman 1 slice 1 fbi 1 deserted 1 circle 1 cooperation 1 cuffs 1 melvin 1 fate 1 over - head 1 customs 1 glimmered 1 getaway 1 everywhere 1 snatch 1 mitt 1 seventy - two 1 uh 1 palm 1 rammed 1 august 1 guant 1 flying 1 children - unfortunately 1 scraped 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 bane 1 odor 1 lobbyists 1 choose 1 tip 1 hypothermia 1 movies 1 fondness 1 chewed 1 mob 1 indulged 1 eat 1 legends 1 liked 1 robes 1 adams 1 helplessness 1 defeated 1 ansel 1 handed 1 mist 1 queenly 1 lush 1 fancifully 1 barton 1 halfway 1 dribbled 1 squeezed 1 harriet 1 cultural 1 terrestrial 1 vermiculate 1 reassuring 1 habit 1 transfixed 1 suffering 1 bury 1 busy 1 disliked 1 wives 1 brush 1 aspect 1 teens 1 kinds 1 sardonically 1 rooting 1 killingly 1 househusband 1 barnacles - a 1 beastly 1 sighed 1 seasonally 1 phantoms 1 brimstone 1 gnaw 1 settled 1 riveted 1 career 1 ordered 1 rapidly 1 preparing 1 wenbr 1 swipe 1 uninterested 1 ventriloquism 1 elevators 1 fans 1 shift 1 dash 1 healthy 1 immortals 1 bat 1 mid - tune 1 studying 1 destruction 1 ties 1 dessert 1 banana 1 pits 1 carpet 1 phone- 1 reef 1 hackles 1 lipstick 1 tumwater 1 frame 's 1 lit 1 contortionist 's 1 ter 1 staking 1 becomes 1 american 1 ironically 1 posh 1 bothers 1 chuckling 1 abyssal 1 dashing 1 some - thing 1 hideously 1 cliffs 1 involved 1 torments 1 speechless 1 blurred 1 whispering - he 1 magma 1 investigator 1 boys 1 confined 1 person - sing 1 runs 1 sporting 1 eggshell 1 warehouses 1 spilling 1 forty - something - she 1 honeydew 1 originated 1 chords 1 ruffians 1 sucked 1 ship 1 discovered 1 tapered 1 bookshelf 1 sweltering 1 questioning 1 powerful 1 rum 1 obligatory 1 curb 1 salary 1 impending 1 probing 1 loved 1 clangs 1 potted 1 sucking 1 jimmy 's 1 unpacked 1 consultant 1 write 1 guide 1 scouring 1 washington 1 legislature 1 abutted 1 alkaline 1 inscrutable 1 schoolboy 1 worse 1 denver 1 drooling 1 mutton 1 pilates 1 reports 1 gulley 1 laid 1 ye 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 silhouetted 1 fluttering 1 bulletproof 1 recent 1 so - called 1 bric - a - brac - and 1 concentrated 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 scraping 1 bolt 1 tenant 1 sharp 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 semi - deserted 1 menagerie 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 photo - graphs 1 accomplished 1 wrestling 1 butcher 1 unhappily 1 napkins 1 surfaced 1 grizzlies 1 warranted 1 cyclones 1 cassock 1 denizens 1 depressing 1 screwed 1 weakness 1 world 1 tinfoil 1 greatest 1 slow - two 1 customary 1 murder 1 demesne 1 breach 1 hurry 1 niche 1 pragmatist 1 fern 1 form 1 rough - hewn 1 phil 1 traveled 1 incredulous 1 gaze 1 throng 1 smooth 1 subconscious 1 i - this 1 annual 1 vanished 1 1989 1 ribs 1 savagery 1 possessed 1 priest 1 flights 1 costs 1 various 1 wilted 1 survivor 's 1 intruding 1 obsession 1 imagining 1 devoid 1 walls 1 may 1 suckled 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 paternally 1 gravel 1 installed 1 attached 1 wrists 1 peril 1 23 1 glances 1 holly - style 1 apartment - the 1 relieved 1 hyper - reality 1 convention 1 ah 1 creep 1 blocks 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 curling 1 suit - nothing 1 income 1 hesitated 1 glisten 1 casual 1 walk 1 manage 1 casualness 1 knock 1 eel 1 desisted 1 precariously 1 surely 1 flickering 1 effected 1 clicked 1 relevance 1 leaking 1 summoned 1 quivering 1 reds 1 frankie 's 1 fluctuations 1 incalculable 1 miserably 1 resist 1 kindly 1 terry - creature 1 interrogation 1 oxygen 1 included 1 tape 1 despaired 1 loveseat 1 rot 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 creatures 1 terrorize 1 winds 1 admit 1 munched 1 wired 1 bled 1 lied 1 nightclubs 1 pyramids 1 scents 1 largely 1 fallen 1 weeknights 1 albeit 1 meet - your - cute - neighbor 1 anger 1 crashed 1 stinging 1 tubes 1 pay 1 historical 1 wary 's 1 abscess 1 lord - are 1 shot 1 tension 1 studiousness 1 courtship 1 exhaustion 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 papers 1 rush 1 stronger 1 rustic 1 advancing 1 trespassers 1 broom 1 lizard 1 socialite 1 bother 1 sir 1 button - up 1 based 1 ruined 1 dial 1 sixty - seven 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 packed 1 ballroom 1 meaning 1 nut 1 pain 1 piled 1 chivvy 1 shape 1 degree 1 foresight 1 wasteland 1 politicians 1 illuminating 1 lamented 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 inkling 1 l 1 atm 1 successfully 1 ducts 1 16 1 existed 1 member 1 waves 1 computer 1 punching 1 delectable 1 orderly 1 malcontents 1 shortly 1 scram 1 nestle 1 handsome 1 1958 1 twice 1 u 1 cracking 1 hyperventilating 1 that- 1 raths 1 hurtin ' 1 flies 1 marshmallows 1 midnight 1 cry 1 mouthful 1 breaks 1 filled 1 weasel 1 dying 1 mustache 1 groping 1 beatings 1 imitation 1 ken 1 move- 1 burnt 1 buddy 1 suddenly 1 consented 1 politely 1 well - dressed 1 swirl 1 writhed 1 lightning 1 pop - let 1 separation 1 lust 1 corners 1 math 1 boom 1 underworld 1 turtlenecks 1 useful 1 mud 1 winked 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 pushing 1 throat 1 sufficiently 1 band 1 posturing 1 sealed 1 infinitely 1 shallow 1 charm 1 arrayed 1 switched 1 nameless 1 lamp 1 malign 1 takeoff 1 confronted 1 overseas 1 trappings 1 drawer 1 bonfires 1 jaded 1 dropcloth 1 tidy 1 shiny 1 dried 1 alien 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 distant 1 rambunctious 1 sundown 1 suspended 1 late - night 1 transmitting 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 threatened 1 periodic 1 droopy 1 typical 1 safe 1 luminescent 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 ice 1 hibernation 1 fitful 1 schlepping 1 ignorance 1 pointed 1 softened 1 searching 1 message 1 suburbanite 1 belly 1 began 1 whisper 1 downpour 1 frailties 1 idiot 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 pelted 1 dashed 1 freezer 1 creep - infested 1 perform 1 shoveled 1 treetops 1 excursions 1 gift 1 dresses 1 stranger 's 1 curiosity 1 planets 1 aging 1 taste 1 dictated 1 miasma 1 medium 1 root 1 kissing 1 puffy 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 perhaps 1 burns 1 blindly 1 captors 1 credible 1 jumping 1 jointed 1 voice- 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 placing 1 townhouse 1 forget 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 absent 1 clapped 1 showered 1 tightwad 1 cookies 1 eyeing 1 4 1 belongs 1 drifting 1 recorder - pershing 1 noise 1 thinker 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 humanoid 1 robed 1 temperate 1 cable 1 thin - he 1 cozy 1 air - conditioned 1 flapping 1 matters 1 open - heart 1 slack 1 seams 1 studied 1 incredible 1 access 1 panama 1 land 1 churned 1 guts 1 lots 1 toothbrush 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 shouted 1 type 1 upright 1 hauled 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 ended 1 nilson 1 fortean 1 northerly 1 security - conscious 1 nervousness 1 simultaneously 1 memos 1 regardless 1 stepfather 1 jungle 1 faced 1 curl 1 houston 1 rendezvous 1 doubtless 1 front 1 measuring 1 pitchers 1 asking 1 week - hid 1 crinkled 1 bunch 1 12 1 moment - he 1 china 1 noise - which 1 exoskeletons 1 stoicism 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 flown 1 occasionally 1 twitchier 1 foulness 1 contact 1 holy 1 beaches 1 rolexes 1 mention 1 something - someone - watching 1 him - self 1 river 1 products 1 hunted 1 pace 1 jet 1 chick 1 frequently 1 poor 1 smiling 1 sickos 1 waking 1 tea 1 ouster 1 four - star 1 johnny 1 sweeping 1 fostered 1 build 1 magician 1 cottage - style 1 navigate 1 hip 1 proposed 1 done - in 1 drenched 1 known 1 peek 1 atop 1 mug 1 visits 1 ham 1 trudged 1 sneering 1 hammered 1 testicles 1 cloves 1 dizzy 1 turkey 1 fungi 1 mossy 1 bickered 1 walton 's 1 perception 1 crooked 1 slug 1 clusters 1 silver - sly 1 reminding 1 salad 1 stunned 1 someone 's 1 ankles 1 four - piece 1 croaked 1 impressed 1 towed 1 quarters 1 clich 1 at - an 1 giant 1 yelm 1 limber 1 deceit 1 immortality 1 offspring 1 fewer 1 dais 1 reflexive 1 lunch 1 metamorphosed 1 sconces 1 laugh 1 spiked 1 sentience 1 tale 1 sickly 1 bloomed 1 remarked 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 reception 1 substance 1 claim 1 shines 1 infuriated 1 mansion 1 bore 1 ecclesiastical 1 plants 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 downed 1 shrubbery 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 needling 1 grip 1 lurking 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 cloister 1 physician 1 sue 1 unless 1 spun 1 5 1 complete 1 porcelain 1 mortified 1 understaffed 1 flowers 1 mates 1 pants 1 chilled 1 wife- 1 hollows 1 agree 1 wood 1 misfit 1 diffuse 1 frozen 1 inebriated 1 encountered 1 cases 1 temporary 1 chosen 1 equally 1 stammer 1 inhaled 1 rental 1 comprehend 1 warned 1 mock 1 waving 1 trait 1 deadbolt 1 blades 1 nailed 1 raining 1 boulders 1 cramped 1 60s 1 wobble 1 steel 1 laborious 1 magnified 1 warnings 1 contract 1 cheerily 1 gasping 1 duct 1 significant 1 extended 1 interlaced 1 amazed 1 metaphor 1 mask 1 blinked 1 height 1 malfunctioning - condensation 1 shoved 1 howled 1 snooper 1 disappear 1 lever 1 gestured 1 comes 1 deity 1 half - empty 1 paused 1 opposite 1 slope 1 midday 1 boiler 1 listening 1 interminable 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 tormentors 1 fanned 1 fairly 1 arrival 1 honey 1 snickered 1 disagreed 1 beast 1 caught 1 organizing 1 region 1 according 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 sour 1 predicted 1 weary 1 replied 1 re - creation 1 hapless 1 language 1 aura 1 damaging 1 camino 1 snake 1 fiber - optic 1 earshot 1 emotional 1 assured 1 radiation 1 heaps 1 winding 1 clean 1 main 1 mantel 1 conferences 1 drive 1 broadly 1 13 1 mail 1 soiled 1 relics 1 drained 1 smattering 1 berkeley 1 somewhere 1 deep - sea 1 date 1 concerned 1 toil 1 autumn 1 vending 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 absolut 1 roaches 1 sometime 1 inward 1 basement 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 mirror 1 month 1 float 1 griffey 1 doomed 1 wilds 1 appears 1 policy 1 shampoo 1 neighbors 1 seek- 1 fist 1 uniformed 1 brand 1 snugged 1 readings 1 explain 1 sky 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 brass 1 squirming 1 plucking 1 underbrush 1 measured 1 cheery 1 imminent 1 shuttered 1 shot - a 1 droop 1 invaded 1 mornings 1 survive 1 shirts 1 bearable 1 buzzed 1 unchanged 1 af- 1 proper 1 warmed 1 seam 1 places 1 slight 1 midwest 1 ago 1 agonies 1 haze 1 mistake 1 doncha 1 safely 1 coveralls 1 crack 1 crude 1 coiffed 1 tunnels 1 machete 1 caliber 1 heighten 1 lounge 1 dark - haired 1 animal 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 photo 1 lesser 1 circles 1 opaque 1 ringing 1 canned 1 associates 1 chill 1 claiming 1 deco 1 goods 1 east 1 hotter 1 roar 1 games 1 cornered 1 realm 1 crawled 1 art 1 screeches 1 half - hearted 1 truly 1 months ' 1 feelings 1 flag 1 911 1 apartments 1 foolish 1 understood 1 campers 1 sixty - nine 1 papered 1 seat 1 thick 1 lutheran 1 gear 1 protestations 1 dispatcher 1 shame 1 clay - ton 1 wedge 1 wandering 1 mugged 1 assimilation 1 pistol 1 deck 1 civilization 1 toadstools 1 currently 1 deepened 1 malevolent 1 creepos 1 mini - cameras 1 vertebra 1 signs 1 frankie 1 aside 1 added 1 guppies 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 provided 1 contracting 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gulped 1 sidewalk 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 bulk 1 bones 1 monitor 1 spine 1 coomb 1 parlors 1 shears 1 force 1 trembling 1 measure 1 deform 1 damnable 1 threats 1 shove 1 history 1 perfume 1 seems 1 observing 1 awake 1 louisville 1 renovations 1 exquisite 1 sooty 1 swaying 1 recognition 1 buddies 1 impress 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 swing 1 generation 1 1979 1 radiance 1 ginsberg 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 receded 1 plate 1 sip 1 yell 1 wishes 1 bushy 1 sixty 1 croaks 1 consolation 1 hollow 1 full - blown 1 olympia 's 1 informing 1 rosary 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 propagate 1 thinking 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 juice 1 legs 1 answering 1 moderate 1 beings 1 days ' 1 navy 1 engineering 1 skyline 1 keepsakes - snapshots 1 leg 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 garden - party - throwing 1 counts 1 tagged 1 bowels 1 terror 1 shells 1 weirdo 1 tarot 1 docks 1 technologies 1 maneuvers 1 bastards 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 conducted 1 grind 1 accentuated 1 swirling 1 images 1 service 1 escaping 1 forever 1 tones 1 buoyed 1 horror 1 uprooted 1 6 1 penetrate 1 thrillers 1 settings 1 sprang 1 outta 1 gargantuan 1 leaden 1 percy 's 1 hour 's 1 pillow 1 subscribe 1 course - also 1 wish 1 promise 1 shredded 1 void 1 wormed 1 clientele 1 sighing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 visitation 1 prowler 1 icecaps 1 melancholy 1 tough 1 reality 1 dreamt 1 pieces 1 prowled 1 carton 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 mush - rooms 1 recognized 1 of- 1 sublime 1 folding 1 doubt 1 block 1 grow 1 squeeze 1 edgy 1 heck 1 muscle 1 outer 1 mission 1 employee 1 chums 1 estimated 1 bounced 1 rabid 1 year 1 caressed 1 embarrassment 1 sprawled 1 delighted 1 among 1 wooded 1 epoxy 1 photos 1 moist 1 stride 1 shawl 1 idiotically 1 refined 1 golf 1 jose 1 knuckle 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 filthy 1 ratty 1 proportion 1 jumped 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 half - dozen 1 electromagnetic 1 mimicked 1 cover 1 par - ties 1 migrated 1 covering 1 bucko - we ' ve 1 some - times 1 footprints 1 average 1 ernest 1 warning 1 cuddled 1 hunters 1 gracious 1 cause 1 tore 1 moon 1 odds 1 sewage 1 beefy 1 status 1 internally 1 ufo 1 unfold 1 clever 1 tight 1 signed 1 sniveling 1 were n't 1 mica 1 stairs 1 popular 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 crackpot 1 hobs 1 handle 1 irate 1 olympic 1 eh 1 equipment 1 paced 1 sergeant 's 1 indeed 1 cannery 1 coincidence 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 curtains 1 brood 1 recovered 1 retired 1 bowed 1 christmases 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 knows - perhaps 1 bear 1 waitresses 1 play - by - play 1 converted 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 tramped 1 suit 1 primeval 1 reserved 1 resident 1 wiser 1 tacoma 1 elementary 1 sans 1 superstitious 1 listener 1 worlds 1 prayers 1 lunatic 1 due 1 argued 1 cautionary 1 agnostic 1 amusing 1 toes 1 sub - basement 1 coldness 1 frames 1 catcher 's 1 flows 1 kilter 1 elongated 1 suited 1 vacation 1 prominently 1 intensity 1 raw 1 diabolic 1 hoot 1 ya 1 grate 1 similar 1 peninsula 1 cloth 1 bits 1 doorframe 1 flowed 1 francisco 1 summer 1 barked 1 waste 1 push 1 hold 1 homesteads 1 beamed 1 whiskey 1 prayed 1 populated 1 resonated 1 friends - did n't 1 disappointment 1 tremblay 1 labor 1 bags 1 license 1 sons 1 explanation 1 disguise 1 seven - floor 1 tracks 1 paranoid 1 goosed 1 7 1 larger 1 loose 1 suppressed 1 parkas 1 predicament 1 gloaming 1 uptight 1 impressive 1 sneaky 1 night 's 1 theorized 1 mourning 1 pissed 1 raised 1 jangled 1 blue - tinged 1 ticked 1 den 1 ass 1 professor - and 1 outdoorsmen 1 hike 1 undefined 1 amazement 1 unbecoming 1 haircuts 1 rack 1 separate 1 metastasize 1 dwindled 1 waddell 1 grandmother 1 diatribes 1 space 1 testament 1 librarian 1 parts 1 hollywood 1 wonderland 1 corporation 1 kooks 1 wedged 1 clinked 1 savage 1 fake 1 incident 1 influenced 1 girly 1 reeked 1 heineken 1 orbits 1 gentlemanly 1 continuing 1 re - move 1 relished 1 half - dead 1 ill - concealed 1 eyelids 1 supine 1 squat 1 circulation 1 manic 1 women 1 guevara - loving 1 am 1 public 1 there 'll 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 yelling 1 stale 1 vile 1 fully 1 grotto 1 propped - up 1 ruffled 1 flap 1 oddly 1 patiently 1 cynic 1 skating 1 lulled 1 screwdriver 1 anthony 's 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 uncoiling 1 hysteria 1 checking 1 downhill 1 able 1 style 1 signal 1 tighten 1 eavesdropping 1 ing 1 ranches 1 seventh - inning 1 swung 1 celebrities 1 wan- 1 segued 1 crates 1 entrenchment 1 peeked 1 ushered 1 fred 1 upper 1 creak 1 wooden 1 bart 1 hallucinating 1 outhouse 1 twigs 1 lethargic 1 pill 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 freedom 1 noon 1 commanded 1 chanted 1 unable 1 dude 1 faculties 1 spitting 1 alive 1 prohibited 1 jihadist 1 shushing 1 species 1 gentry 1 intestine 1 crash 1 remedy 1 tongue 1 wants 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 mike 1 outcroppings 1 waddel 1 stream 1 justice 1 echoed 1 woefully 1 horridly 1 shushed 1 pools 1 store 1 response 1 lair 1 seeping 1 weird 1 trips 1 ranting 1 skills 1 stabbings 1 tiny 1 fillings 1 prefer 1 70s 1 walking 1 altogether 1 bank 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 trio 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 perfectly 1 bumping 1 straightened 1 occurring 1 inconceivable 1 borrow 1 adaptations 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 frequency 1 grill 1 squirmed 1 management 1 namo 1 oven 1 rude 1 beaming 1 broad 1 shore 1 muddy 1 longer 1 jogged 1 surprising 1 scores 1 grandfather 1 tilting 1 steps 1 expanding 1 limp 1 woman 's 1 wander 1 ground 1 swallowed 1 tracked 1 laboring 1 coast 1 argue 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 wordless 1 malice 1 no - freaking - body 1 cubicles 1 idealist 1 roasting 1 stark 1 drying 1 clouded 1 fashion 1 believe 1 otherwise 1 evilly 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 flee 1 should ' ve 1 too - frequent 1 generations- 1 grotesque 1 hangdog 1 rushed 1 twenty - first 1 scratched 1 firelight 1 well - dresses 1 child 's 1 mode 1 creepy 1 rooted 1 secure 1 winced 1 garble 1 inflict 1 useless 1 shall 1 further 1 happily 1 messages 1 albums 1 gusts 1 scribbled 1 stubbornness 1 door - way 1 roses 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 sold 1 puppets 1 step 1 smithsonian 1 calmness 1 nudge 1 winded 1 neglect 1 charged 1 hikers 1 suites 1 entrails 1 objects 1 unknown 1 machine 1 seniors 1 crowded 1 cried 1 point 1 absentee 1 secretiveness 1 gained 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 pinned 1 marched 1 youth - clean - shaven 1 trap 1 ingles 1 pastureland 1 bibliophile 1 pull 1 gait 1 clumsy 1 perforce 1 briefly 1 toolbox 1 ganglia 1 color 1 jerk 1 pipes 1 locked 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 staring 1 scalded 1 distanced 1 ether 1 mariners 1 belongings 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 c 1 shelf 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 palpable 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 herd 1 inevitable 1 revert 1 turbines 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 baggy 1 pierced 1 purple - black 1 screams 1 minute 1 cigarette 1 quo 1 unspeakable 1 merlot 1 kettle 1 mooning 1 neanderthal 1 lose 1 spoken 1 vain 1 pause 1 skyward 1 courage 1 gramps 1 warmup 1 sunday 1 nagging 1 holocaust 1 starless 1 owners 1 granite 1 inherent 1 photographs 1 stroke 1 accumulation 1 toothless 1 logging 1 videos 1 present 1 ape 1 large - hearted 1 imitated 1 apparition 1 unceremonious 1 proverbial 1 wherever 1 shrieked 1 guys - i ' m 1 relaxed 1 joined 1 bathed 1 waiter 1 ate 1 lured 1 cupped 1 rankled 1 driving 1 restore 1 supposed 1 mad- 1 shops 1 barbequing 1 gradually 1 ca n't 1 24 1 century 1 robinson 1 agreed 1 diaspora 1 utter 1 colliding 1 crank 1 fooled 1 quoted 1 club 1 gently 1 jelly 1 prepared 1 promptly 1 awaiting 1 seem 1 blackest 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 section 1 estimates 1 sunset 1 invisible 1 cleveland 1 spending 1 tunnel 1 shingle 1 street 1 landlord 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 vocal 1 acting 1 social 1 raise 1 bloom 1 histories 1 blacked 1 lines 1 doses 1 safety 1 retreat 1 waterproof 1 recliner 1 susurration 1 hotel 's 1 chance 1 scoop 1 obscenities 1 millions 1 favored 1 detective 's 1 buried 1 true - that 1 armpit 1 camped 1 facelifts 1 from- 1 dimmed 1 protocol 1 substitute 1 foliage 1 swivel 1 crab - walked 1 intelligent 1 anderson 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 searing 1 avoided 1 nauseated 1 bedrooms - naked 1 hopped 1 blackness 1 folk 1 foundation 1 swanky 1 shake 1 jacket 1 drop 1 ridge 1 football 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 bloomers 1 services 1 party 1 notepad 1 live 1 tepid 1 counter 1 sergeant 1 automaton 1 adaptable 1 twenty - sixth 1 lecher 1 culprits 1 squelching 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 sentient 1 leap 1 laughed - that 1 jr 1 team 1 1918 1 hallucinated 1 microphones 1 demonstrated 1 destroy 1 six - pack 928 .
someone had clipped a bunch of the links and then peeled the fence back , like peeling a banana .
he flung apples , carrots , and a bundle of bananas into the basket before thinking it might be smart to grab some canned goods , as well .
they also have banana , hawaiian , pecan , coconut , chocolate - chip , apple , fried , potato , fried - potato , cheese , onion , chicken , pickle , mayonnaise , spinach , jalapeno , pork , beef , shrimp , rice , pepperoni , hamburger , sausage , anchoviesfor a little extra , i think they have this special where you can choose up to five of those and throw em all in oneooh , you know what ?
i say and take the bananas out of his hand to put them away .
greg forgot to turn the tv offi heard breakfast television talking about banana milkshakes in streetsville .
more like a smurf and a banana in a high speed collision .
that s not like you , banana .
were going to go bananas .
well with hallucinogens , i ve found , there s usually a very acute period , a time when claustrophobia and sheer paranoia swoop in from all sides and beat ya like a pack of banana bats .
i neglected to notice that brian ( very dead ex - brian , the gnawed - on man who rotted like an old banana ) had stood up .
the stun gun in my back pocket could have been a rotted banana for all the care i gave it .
i thought back to the last substantial thing i 'd eaten ; a browning banana that morning as i stomped unhappily to the bus stop to start my work - ward journey .
i was glad to see they were still as easily damaged as overly ripe bananas , though like the zombies their strength lay in numbers .
electric blue , banana yellow , cherry red , bell - end purple and shit brown .
yet , even queer macelroy , who sometimes wore his pants backward and kept a banana in his holster , refused .
they were something like a right - wing peace corps , to be parachuted into the worst banana republics the united states had to offer .
finding none , miguel and i swipe some bananas off one of the trees and start gobbling the fruit .
we eat about five bananas each .
like the bananas , we gobble them up .
as we walk past a banana tree , he grabs a few .
we eat the ripe , sweet bananas in silence .
` ` let 's eat some bananas . ''
bananas from high on a tree come down .
lori r. lopez the fruit of thy womb the end of the world began with a rotten banana .
he next spent a full minute scraping mashed banana off the bottom of his shoe onto the pavement .
eyes bulged , witnessing a swarm of little flies appear out of nowhere above the banana .
he had to clean more muck off the base of his shoe : banana and bugs .
it was nt even a real banana .
i had a single helping , keeping it to oatmeal and a banana , then splurged and had some bacon with it .
it would also explain why new information was nt seeping in , like all the reasons brine had given for not wearing a banana - tinted outfit or , better yet , not going to the harriun in the first place .
finishing , she grabbed a banana for a snack and hoped her mood would improve by lunch .
taking a banana in case i get hungry .
dropping her half eaten banana , she fled , heading for the bedroom .
a half - eaten banana behind a pillow told him shed indeed been in the room .
somebody must have forgotten a banana in a drawer and let it go bad .
a secret between you , me and the banana tree .
whatever their stance on the matter , it did nt change the fact that angelo was the monkey with the banana , but he d willingly trade it in exchange for a clean bill of health on biancas part .
he slipped off the santa costume like one would peel a banana .
so i went back sorer than a bruised banana , but mrs . gale refused to take back the money .
some foreboding sense jumped onto my back and refused to be dislodged like an angry monkey looking for a banana it was convinced i had hidden on my person .
in a move that surprised them all , douglas was the first one to respond to billys unintentional ape behavior , does coco want a banana ?
he made his usual rounds , checking and double - checking the doors , grabbing a banana to eat as he walked by the fruit display , before moving on .
ill start with a banana , she thought , realizing how light - headed she felt , that should help steady me on my feet .
large , open bags of potato chips , jugs of water , banana peels , and stacks of granola bars were all strewn about the sleeping bags and blankets .
he was trying to force down a banana when ivan came running at him .
sven backed up , bewildered , and dropped a bite - sized piece of the banana that lorie was insisting he eat .
twenty officer claypool was peeling a banana when nick walked in the next morning and pulled the clipboards off the wall .
claypool smiled while chewing on a bite of banana .
` ` oh , yeah , mordechai romanov , '' he said as he chewed , showing pulpy white clumps of banana between his teeth .
claypool swallowed and looked down to peel his banana further .
claypool swallowed and tossed the banana peel into a nearby trash can .
ally took a bite of a banana and chewed before answering , there is nt .
then he crushed it , like smashing a banana .
he smelted like rotten bananas and wildroot cream oil and cockroach shit and the inside of a city garbage truck at the end of a busy morning .
the hillmen and their coach went bananas protesting that the ball had been dead at the line of scrimmage , but the officials disagreed and we led 6 - 0 .
yet there was a smell on his breath - something like bananas .
it was the smell jonesy had detected on mccarthy 's breath , only stronger - a mixture of ether and overripe bananas , like the starter - fluid you shot into your carburetor on a subzero morning .
and once again he could smell that aroma of bananas and ether , a fermenting active smell , like something which has just started to go over .
mighty christ bananas , i think that was one of my balls .
and that time my own name was the banana peel .
behind it was another thick stand of brazilian peppers , and - ` ` wireman , are those banana trees ? ''
i had sketched in a scattering of palms and some banana trees , but no hedge ; the hedge did not exist in 1927 .
a little goof , that was all , a little slip on the old banana peel .
it reminded me of one of our vampires , requiem , who was now second banana to the master , or rather , mistress , of philadelphia , and her main squeeze .
i replaced the cap , and then shook the bottle to mix the powder and water into a disgusting slimy paste that smelled of bananas .
there 's cheeses , canned milk , sweetened condensed milk , yeast , bakin soda , a whole bagful of those table talk pies , a few bunches of bananas that ai n't even near to ripe yet- '' ` ` stop , '' she said , holding up a hand and laughing .
jack had seen denker the teacher as not much different from the strutting south american little caesars in their banana kingdoms , standing dissidents up against the wall of the handiest squash or handball court , a super - zealot in a comparatively small puddle , a man whose every whim becomes a crusade .
fran made him get her a banana boat supreme and she sat against her door , two feet of seat between them , spooning up nuts and pineapple sauce and ersatz dairy queen ice cream .
` ` my banana boat is dripping on me , '' she said , still weeping .
bewildered , larry realized that his own sudden good fortune probably looked like small bananas to wayne .
laughing when there was no one else around to laugh with was just another sign that you were taking a one - way trip to that fabled land of bananas .
hog just like a banana . ''
they had even sung the star - speckled banana , for christ 's sweet sake .
it held a firm yellow banana with a blue and white chiquita sticker on it .
his leg had swelled up like an innertube , it smelled like gassy , overripe bananas , and he sat here with buzzards swooping and diving on the thermals overhead , trying to rationalize the unspeakable .
jack did n't really care if richard bought the whole nine yards or not ; if richard could just reconcile himself to accepting the leading edge of this craziness , he could turn his formidable mind to helping jack find a way out ... a way off the thayer campus , anyway , and out of richard 's life before richard went totally bananas .
he had asked liz if he could have a banana from the bowl on the table , and was now peeling it thoughtfully , pausing every now and then to examine his work with the critical eye of an artist in the throes of creation .
dave froze just as he was preparing to take the first bite from his banana .
he was still holding his banana .
he reminded her a bit of james brolin , the second banana on that dr . welby program , and even more of a certain delta tau delta named dan .
the headline story dealt with a reporter 's ' expose ' on the handsome second banana of a tv crime show ; the second banana had been suspended from high school twice ( twelve years ago ) and busted for possession of cocaine ( six years ago ) .
in the pool 's a green banana . '
let 's swim : last one in 's a green banana . '
his eyelid had puffed slightly , giving him a leering sort of expression , like the second banana in a burlesque review .
how did a mild - mannered college prof get to be second banana in an animal group made up mostly of mercs and ex - criminals ?
it 's a banana skin and i ' m the guy that 's supposed to slip on it .
kellog 's product 19 with a banana cut up in it - and he had farted .
the kitchen around callie smelled strongly of overripe bananas and 409 cleaner .
its like a reality show banana cream pie in the face .
also , king gravee and the merchants are about as fickle as a monkey that has to choose between receiving a banana or a bag of nuts .
ready - to - harvest corn waited in fields next to the road alongside trees with apple red and banana yellow leaves that were soon to be pulled off by the rough autumn winds .
to wit : while all good republicans were most certainly the children of adam who was not only the first man but also the first republican , the democrats were indeed fathered by tree swinging , banana stealing monkeys !
sarah nipped into one of the dining halls and came out with a tray of bananas , from which they ate on the way back .
they went back to the restaurant area , where sarah dispensed bananas , gratefully received .
most of her time was spent lying in bed in the middle room downstairs with a bad back , wearing her rather unflattering brown nightdress , eating sugar and banana sandwiches .
she did nt mind though , her back was better by then and bananas had become too expensive .
three empty banana boxes are stacked on it .
with a swift yank , the man collects the netted birds and stuffs them in the banana boxes .
that would definitely explain the bananas .
on each rock an inky pillar , a piece of fruit : apples , bananas , pears , drupes the size of castles , great fleshy edifices whose worms beavered away like monkeys at typewriters , little interested in the world below their feet ; smoke rising from chimney stalks and skins shimmering under the fitful , varicoloured light .
strawberry , lemon and lime , banana and blueberry leeched from the world as if at the insistence of a mouth and tongue , the ice - chilled reality of flavours bleeding down a throat of fear .
kevin appeared , eating a banana .
the first three skits are ambitious , requiring several of the actors to have certain skills and abilities , while potty - trained orangutans coerced with the appropriate mixture of nuts and bananas could easily perform the last two .
he turned to leave , stopping when a basket of fresh bananas caught his eye .
she had called me in about ireland and bananas .
should nt be a problem , i m fairly sure they are the number one european exporter of bananas , i said , marking down the task in my notebook .
ireland , bananas , very phallic , exporting stat coming right up , sarah .
i put the phone down and sighed , then started doing some digging on bananas .
i was in the middle of reading about the fyffees company , which exports the entire belize banana crop , when a whiny voice broke my focus .
i sent sarah what i had on bananas , gathered up my stuff , shut down my computer and ran home to clean up my place and myself .
for instance , one rumour in china that bananas gave you sars collapsed the chinese banana market .
for instance , one rumour in china that bananas gave you sars collapsed the chinese banana market .
well make banana bread , shortbreads and candy cane bark .
the image of abby dressed to impress , sorting banana peels away from paper just struck me as hilarious .
unfortunately ian was loaded to the gills with banana milk at the time and because of his burst of spontaneous laughter , he spat the lot all over the front of matts jumper .
her eyes garishly close , seeing more than he ever could of the inner workings , the peanut flicking and banana peeling going on in his dream theatre .
they secured the half dozen boxes of high explosives , disguising the various high explosive symbols with pieces of newspaper , flattened pizza boxes , crisp packets , even an old banana skin .
i heard that some lady was shopping down at the a & p and she was looking through some bananas that came from south america or somewhere , janet said .
a big , hairy tarantula crawled out of the bananas and right up her sleeve !
in fact , i made a mental note never to eat bananas again .
i tore a banana from a bunch lying on the table , then peeled it and broke off a piece , which i shoved into my mouth .
after about twenty revolutions on the fast - moving ferris wheel and conrads constant rocking of our seat , despite my pleas for him to stop , my breakfast scrambled eggs , bacon , cinnamon toast , orange juice and half a banana began to talk to me .
i clambered out of the bin and brushed myself down , flicking a banana skin off my shoulder .
and when he 'd explained how he was really a banana yellow on the outside , white inside she 'd declared herself to be a boiled egg .
fortunately , there were no silly rules about birthmarks shaped like broken bananas or stuff like that .
first out are several large , thick , pork sausages followed by some rather small , crinkly pickled onions and some smooth , rubbery , hard - boiled eggs and some ripe , firm tomatoes and some even firmer , thicker , creamier bananas .
` ` he could n't lift a banana , '' said mohamed .
no thrill of a real life kill , no ( muted ) scream of terror and bubbling blood escaping the doomed wildebeests shocked lips , then there was no blood - lusty fun in even half watching lonesome - sounding fish kites had returned to the late afternoon skies outside but their shrill calls were no longer noteworthy as the two men relented to the munchies , slowly disposing of their own fish meal , the banana leaf wrapped fillets of hilsa with chutney , known to the locals as patra ni machhi .
jacks wife margo was looking at him as if purple bananas had just sprouted out of his head .
this served as the harbinger for the abundant aerial crop hailed upon us : tomatoes , cucumbers , bananas , eggs and pumpkins were included in the variety of items striking me from the waist up .
a murmuring of agreement started low and rose to the level of a conforming pack of monkeys begging their handler to toss out a bunch of bananas .
brown sauce was one of the ingredients ; so was brandy , vodka , fresh fruit , lemons , limes , orange , an apple , vindaloo sauce , monkey testicles , cannabis , the irish constitution , war , cinnamon , tomato , mashed bananas , and a half - bottle tequila .
she believed that you could catch leprosy from bananas , that if you accepted a knife which was profferedblade first you would be seriously stabbed within the year and if you should be so unlucky as to tread upon a needle and you failed to dislodge it from your foot then it would inexorably work its way up the inside of your body and find its way into your heart .
there was an extra poignancy if alan sang yes , we have no bananas and i showed mum my bowl now empty of her special pudding of sliced bananas covered in bright yellow custard .
there was an extra poignancy if alan sang yes , we have no bananas and i showed mum my bowl now empty of her special pudding of sliced bananas covered in bright yellow custard .
dickie was munching on a banana in the middle of the road when a cart came galloping toward him , he just stepped aside in time as it flew past , but it hit a bump that knocked over a milk can in the back and showered him with milk .
said dickie as he watched the runner and continued to eat his banana .
about sun on the rocks : its a breezy , all - girl banana fiction ( tropical and mood - boosting , like the fruit ) read specializing in the trivial pursuit .
you re the boss , the ceo , the big banana , and i m just the worker bee .
following up the cereal with a banana , i sat in the u shaped breakfast nook that lined the walls under the kitchen windows .
i like orange flavor , lime 's okay , but not banana .
if you re lucky , you ll catch their annual food festival in the spring ; it features fish , but also bananas prepared dozens of different waysreally , too many different ways , if you ask me .
the famed female impersonator , bananas foster , performed at the old hogheads inn , 44 aphid ave . , which is now boarded up ; word has it , though , that entrepreneurs have bought it , and are turning it into a gay - friendly bed and breakfast .
there was a banana moon pie in that lunch box or i would have just let him keep it .
i spent the rest of recess jumping and swiping at my lunch box to no avail until the bell finally rang and he launched fred , barney , wilma , betty , bam - bam , pebbles , dino , and my banana moon pie right over my head and into the boys bathroom .
instead of saying thank you i opened the box and handed him my banana moon pie .
i ordered a small caramel sundae and he ordered two double cheeseburgers , fries , a large grape slurpee , and a banana split with extra whipped cream .
i delay things a little further by visiting the wimpy , where i treat myself to the special grill of burger , bender , egg , and chips , finishing it off with a peach melba and banana milk shake .
i kept trying to figure out ways to strap the trombone onto the banana seat .
i did nt have one of those cool stingray bikes that were smaller and were made to go with the banana seat .
no , i had the banana seat stuck onto a regular - sized bike , because you could buy the banana seat as an add - on and that was the cheap - o way my parents thought i would experience a stingray bike .
no , i had the banana seat stuck onto a regular - sized bike , because you could buy the banana seat as an add - on and that was the cheap - o way my parents thought i would experience a stingray bike .
sun on the rocks is genuine banana fiction , fresh , trivial , tropical , and easy - going , like the fruit .
food remnants were everywhere as well , as we had grazed through the day and into the evening on deli sandwiches , bananas and some other fruit , and a big bag of oatmeal cookies .
a little later , still in camp , i opted for a couple of bananas over more daal bhaat , especially after learning that daal bhaat was really no more than a mix of rice and lentil beans juiced up with local spices .
i returned to my hotel , cut through my secret garden , entered my room , devoured two bananas that i d had in reserve and a hard boiled egg from my refrigerator .
wayne came up fast on a column of worn - out wartburgs , trabis , and ladas with polish plates powder blue , dull mustard , and orangey - red cartoon cars towing carts loaded down with bananas , grapefruit juice , cassette players , any west german beer , and marlboros .
i get near the edge and i cling to the shingles like a capuchin monkey grips a banana , all the while doing my best jimmy stewart impersonation .
she started to laugh like shed seen an old lady slip on a banana peel and fall into raw sewage .
she looks upset , maybe one of the lard arses has offered her a go on his banana .
well , actually i read that bananas were good , but i do nt really like them .
often this included playing a game on that old computer called exploding bananas .
then , controlled by the people playing the game , the apes threw exploding bananas at each other .
it had a banana - shaped tank on top with some strange orange liquid inside that looked like crayon scribble ... just imagine what crayon looks like on paper and then translate that into a liquid form in a banana - shaped tank .
it had a banana - shaped tank on top with some strange orange liquid inside that looked like crayon scribble ... just imagine what crayon looks like on paper and then translate that into a liquid form in a banana - shaped tank .
just forget about the orange crayon liquid in the banana - shaped tank and move down the gun where various tubes full of variously colored liquids and gases trailed to various parts of the gun -- including the trigger -- variously ... ooh , that sounded like it hurt .
instead , out the gun with orange - crayon liquid splashing in its banana - shaped tank came a gob of metallic green goop , and out the other gun with a big nozzle that looked like honeycombs shot a silvery purple light .
after dodging a banana peel ( yep ) i found a seat across from lounge lady next to a sleeping man in a rocking chair .
it did nt take me more than a minute when i had found a banana tree there .
i put the banana leaf over platform carefully .
she folded the banana leaf twice while keeping all the flowers inside it .
there was nothing , not even that twin folded banana leaf .
` ` banana feet !
` ` peanut butter and banana ? ''
list of elements for challenges 27 - 52 ( including grudge matches 1 - 4 and the autumn & winter solstice opens ) and weekend quickies 1 - 23 27 - millennium falcon , gi joe action figures , waffle iron , slim whitman 28 - goat powered washing machine , petri dish , fried green tomatos , menacing stranger 29 - nummo the alien , banana slippers , a cricket ball , an elementary school spelling bee 30 - pareidolia , jousting female knight , feather boa , bag of doorknobs 31 - live griffin , peanut butter and banana sandwich , ventriloquist , delorean 32 - centaur , megalomaniac , the oracle of all knowledge , abandoned outhouse autumn equinox open elimination round - balloon animals , lydia the tattooed lady , tontine centre court wimbledon autumn equinox open final - sadomasochistic machiavellinism , tatting shuttles , rickshaw , bagpipes 33 - leviathan , any george formby song , jar of bacon fat , necklace 34 - dressed herring , tuba , space station , phone booth grudge match 1 - murderous unicorn , the apollo lunar roving vehicle , a fantasy football draft must be a part of the main scene of the story , the story must be written from the pov of someone with a mental illness or developmental delay 35 - israel kamakawiwoole , twister ( the game ) , hot air balloon , fishnet stockings 36 - 12 sweaty sumo wrestlers , indestructible filing cabinet , wooden hanger , big wheel ( tricycle ) 37 - perry mason , the lone ranger , daisy duke , the bionic woman 38 - roman merchant sailing vessel , flour sack girdle , bunny , the wonder elephant , the royal shakespearian company 39 - can of campbells alphabet soup , the phrase live long and prosper , 2000 year old map of the earth , empty snuff box 40 - kahla , motherboard , told from the pov of a shark looking for a meal , must be written in ' terza rima ' 41 - the antikythera mechanism , voodoo witch doctor , kryptonite , houndstooth shoes 42 - supercalifragilisticexpialidocious , buried silver julep cup , there must be two main characters and one must be responsible for the death of the other , synchronous fireflies ( photinus carolinus ) 43 - voyager spacecraft ( satellite ) , female mma fighter , needle and thread , 10 long , 12 diameter pvc pipe 44 - child 's wagon , bug zapper , cranberries , faded dragon slayer manual 45 - judge , victim , liberal , conservative 46 - haboob , high diving horse , birmingham jail song , yves rossy , the jetman 47 - the golden fleece , a mudskipper , james bond mini spy kit , a rhinestone tiara 48 - mati hari , toilet roll hat , single roller skate , house plant 49 - muppet , escalator , stop sign , any 1970s book 50 - snow rollers , harpy , nail gun , motorcycle airbag 51 - no to be verbs , dying in a dream , ` ` punch and judy '' - it can either be a literal use of a punch and judy show , or an interpretation based on the common storyline of your typical punch and judy show , one of your characters must have a secret crush 52 - how you would quit your job , the scent of rain , kiwi bird , joan of arc ) weekend quickie 1 - image - burning wicker man , element - applesauce , emotion - abject despair weekend quickie 2 - image - victorian women fight over a pair of breeches , element - a can of alphabet soup , emotion - elation weekend quickie 3 - image - pink bird of paradise , element - snowglobe , emotion - hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia weekend quickie 4 - image - hurricane off the south coast of the usa , element - flora - bama ( bar ) , emotion - sugar - induced hysteria weekend quickie 5 - image - autumn , element - 1909 penny covered in mars dust , emotion - dj vu weekend quickie 6 - image - white lizard , element - a can of pumpkin , emotion - bravado weekend quickie 7 - image - batman & batgirl kissing , element - a cake walk , emotion - confusion weekend quickie 8 - image - snow - ridden road at night , element - a lost dog , emotion - incredulity weekend quickie 9 - image - italian restaurant with family sitting outside , element - tangerine lifesaver , emotion - inspired creativity weekend quickie 10 - image - chocolate cake with ' 14 ' candles , element - a son or mother , emotion - extreme devotion weekend quickie 11 - image - large turkey float in parade , element - a lava lamp , emotion - thankfulness weekend quickie 12 - image - storm in the distance down a long road , element - musical notes , emotion - a longing inspired by beauty , that you thought you d overcome weekend quickie 13 - image - melissani cave on kefalonia , greece , element - cyclorama , emotion - enchantment 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 1 - image - man jumping across train carriages , element - partridge in a pear tree , emotion - infinite possibility 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 2 - image - woman blowing dust from her hands , element 1 - magic beans , element 2 - two turtle doves 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 3 - image - old bottle with sample tag , emotion - anticipation , element - three french hens 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 4 - image - old man and woman sitting at an upright piano , emotion - euphoria , element - four colly birds 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 5 - image - woman pushing a trolley / pram with twin boys and a christmas tree inside , emotion - an irresistible urge to disco , element - five gold rings 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 6 - image - giant hand picking up a car from a carpark , element 1 - six geese a laying , who will only lay to the sound of abba , element 2 - uncle boom - boom , your mothers sisters second husband 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 7 - image - caravans in a ' spend the night party ' , emotion - a numinous feeling , element - seven swans a swimming 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 8 - image - santas wearing beards in a santa school , emotion - psithurism , element - eight maids - a - milking 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 9 - image - lightning strikes on bay bridge , san francisco , emotion - exhiliration , element - eight ladies dancing 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 10 - image - night sky with stars and a church , emotion - wonder inspired by a miracle , element - ten lords a leaping 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 11 - image - girl and boy kneeling in front of christmas fireplace , emotion - joy and anticipation , element - eleven pipers piping 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 12 - image - people in church at the midnight mass , emotion - the peace that passeth all understanding , element - twelve drummers drumming ( no weekend quickie 14 and 15 - taken by christmas special ) weekend quickie 16 - image - typewriter , element 1 - ` ` some people could look at a mud puddle and see an ocean with ships . ''
sliced a banana right there at the fruit station .
you will want to stop at a bodega and buy two types of ice cream , birthday candles , a six pack of heineken , two types of m and ms , one banana ( for the hippie chick to get her in the phallic mood ) , and a pregnancy test .
for breakfast , she has a pancake and a banana .
i mean 18 pancakes and a tree of bananas dipped in chocolate .
find a banana republic or a j crew , or , if you lack the musculature to look like a real man and instead resemble tilda swinton , you can go into a zara .
` ` ruthie , can you grab the bananas from the kitchen counter and the popcorn kernels and butter off the island ? ''
now let 's make like a banana .
said will , who considered telling her bananas grew on trees , and they probably did nt have the raw materials to make one from scratch .
ah , ok . tools flung in boot , amulet safely wrapped in towel , the pair made like a banana - and split .
right , and i ' m a banana .
that s b - r - a - t , which stands for bananas , rice , apples and toast .
i also found some banana chips left over from halloween .
now who do you suppose gave bags of banana chips to kids on halloween ?
its b - r -a - t for bananas , rice , apples and toast .
it took only a few hours for vince to realize that the only fruit were stunted banana trees with small green bananas that tasted bitter .
it took only a few hours for vince to realize that the only fruit were stunted banana trees with small green bananas that tasted bitter .
even though my hotel rate covered breakfast i learned that the prolific varieties of fruit including 5 types of bananas various types of mango , papaya , ( red and orange ) and some unusual types such as custard apples , were better than the soggy papaya at the hotel .
it was probably one of those odd , connect - the - dot things : you know : mars is made of red - dust ; and red - dust reminds me of chili - powder ' chilly has great bananas ; and you know who 's allergic to bandannas dogs ! ! !
one touch of her magic cap , and you went bananas .
` ` if you 're looking for freddy , he 's fallen in love , gone bananas , and skipped off to find melissa manners , '' said angle poise .
in one such experiment , they confined a monkey to a vast room with only two fixtures : an overhead observation light and a banana .
the banana was hanging down from the ceiling , so it was six feet off the ground .
he made no attempt to reach the banana ; in fact , he did nt seem to acknowledge it at all .
sitting right below it , unmoving , it was as if he was purposely ignoring the banana .
of course , it was impossible for the monkey to reach the banana , but why had he made no effort at all ?
there were many boxes around the facility , so he suggested they throw some in and see if the monkey was intelligent enough to stack them and climb up to the banana .
after twenty minutes and four items back where they belong , he tottered off to pilfer a banana .
on our way out , i asked him to throw away the peel of his banana .
if i put rollers in my hair , at some point i am forced under the couch to retrieve an errant ball or behind a chest of drawers to pick up a rotting banana .
after you have carefully listed them out ( you may need to write the reasons yourself ) , have the kids decorate the sheets with stamps and banana peel stickers and the jam stuck to the table from lunch ( be very careful that they do not mar the reasons in any way that they can not be read ) and present them to daddy when he walks in the door after work .
johns girlfriend , randita , had loaded him up with a dozen kiwis , hoping that these , along with two quarts of home - made bio vegetable soup , five bananas and an assortment of other perishable sundries could stave off the consequences of her boyfriends high - cholesterol diet .
an hour later , before he fully realized it , john had finished off the dozen kiwis , the five bananas , the cantaloupe , two pounds of figs and all the rest of the stuff in the brown , recycled bag that randita had forced upon him , threatening him with a fate worse than death if he did nt eat it .
maybe this yok likes bananas ; we have plenty of those ...
were pretty low on fish but we do have some bananas , he tried .
the gaspacho guards were left free to roam around the village , munching on manioc and banana cakes and trying their luck at impressing the available women with their spectacular attires and smooth talking .
well , at least you did nt show up with a bunch of bananas .
like fried green tomatoes or banana slippers !
cherished chimpanzee maneuver , which also involved ... dani : squeezing his testicles in a banana vice ... mathew : ... and yodeling in as high pitched a voice as possible ... dani : ... stopped in his tracks when the guests noticed ... mathew : ... that there was now a palpable change in odor ... dani : ... and an oily viscosity to the water , mathew : ... accompanied by a faintly noxious cloud of green .
mathew : with a final shriek of defiance , the monkey lurched backwards ... dani : ... , bananas and nuts filling the air , splashing into the yellow , viscous cloudlike pool , leaving the poor creature with nothing more than ... mathew : ... a tuft of hair around the back of his ears .
billie turned and kicked over a trash can , spilling fast - food containers and banana peels everywhere .
sergio jabbed a hand into his uniform jacket and pulled out a banana .
sergio dropped the banana and took a revolver from another pocket .
do you prefer bananas or oranges ?
he would accept a firm banana devoid of black freckles and any streaks of papaya green .
on the kitchen counter , a pair of charred - black bananas and a glass teapot with the dried film of evaporated tea spoke of xaviers unintended exodus .
some days it would be something amazingly good , like banana or strawberry or blueberry , while other days it would be something not so tempting , like pineapple or butterscotch or mint chocolate chip .
he still slept like a carelessly tossed banana skin .
they were disappointed with the other couple because they had left behind stains on the upholstery and clogged the pools drain with banana peel .
` ` yah , they 're fine , as long as you avoid the koopa shells and banana peels . ''
` ` so , what the heck are koopa shells , and why would you include bananas ? ''
you know , you re hanging by a finger , i try to pull you up , you slash at me , and slip on a banana peel and cause yourself to fall to your own death , leaving me cosmically in the clear ?
the magazine was open at a huge picture of plesantly bulging , naked , leaning forward , vast , melon breasts thrusting forward , pink - glossed lips parted provocatively , tip of her tongue stretched out towards a naked , peeled banana .
they ca nt strikewere all out of bananas !
` ` you 're dumber than a banana . ''
had something happened after she slammed one too many banana daiquiris and either passed out or went into a blackout at the last christmas party at district headquarters in tucson ?
nogales is the biggest banana in the bunch . ''
fenwick , however , had a sudden hankering for a banana split .
` ` fuck a banana , fat boy ! ''
which , given elvis ' current state of mind vis -- vis fenwick , would be tantamount to trying to ask an arthritic curmudgeon of a mountain gorilla to share a banana .
he ended up in cold snap , saskatchewan , where he changed his name to emiliano ' no hay ' zapatos and told the locals he was a political refugee from guatemala who had fought the corporate takeover of his small banana plantation , lost and now had a price on his head on the spurious charge that he was the notorious banana bandit of guatemalan folklore .
he ended up in cold snap , saskatchewan , where he changed his name to emiliano ' no hay ' zapatos and told the locals he was a political refugee from guatemala who had fought the corporate takeover of his small banana plantation , lost and now had a price on his head on the spurious charge that he was the notorious banana bandit of guatemalan folklore .
i rang the pizza place up the block , pepperoni and banana peppers for pickup .
my grief , my grief that was so physical that my skin and hair were peeling off , proved to me definitively that i was a primate , an animal , and that my thoughts were just the sweat of the brain doing its real work : finding bananas , trapping ants for protein and entertainment , clinging to another ape long after the mating ended just because the extent of my senses had gone too far and i was capable of understanding what the night meant .
did someone give him a banana ?
spiritwind weighed up the merits of a chocolate banana against a fizz bomb .
one of the shoulder - less leaders gathered everyone together as a group and told one last tale of wisdom before lunch : so , there s this monkey , see , and he s walking around the jungle when he comes upon a plastic box with a banana in it .
so the monkey , see , he puts his hand through the hole to grab the banana , but he ca nt get it through the hole .
well , the monkeys stuck because he ca nt let go of the banana and the hunter grabs him .
i m telling this story because i want you to see that each and every one of you is the monkey and the banana is your past .
porky was nt buying this ( i mean why could nt the monkey bend the banana and squish it through the hole and get away and get the banana ?
porky was nt buying this ( i mean why could nt the monkey bend the banana and squish it through the hole and get away and get the banana ?
i have had nothing all day apart from a banana for breakfast .
it was pale and banana yellow , lacking the original spirit and luster that had ordinarily been there when the first coats of paint were applied .
there was a big drop from basic grammar of the 2 - level classes to the vocabulary - study of 1 - level ; apple , orange , banana , car , road , boat , train ; in some senses the 1 - level classes were not much more valuable than ten hours of independent study , and although they were socially and in some other senses valuable , without question no 2 - level student should have dropped down to the first year classes .
mr . pearlman , up to his elbows in a banana split , looked like a child on christmas morning .
dangerous games in the middle of eating his bowl of cereal with a banana sliced on top , bill paine looked over at the shelf where he had left lowells glove after giving it a treatment with saddle soap last night .
they had breakfast of cereal and sliced banana with milk that was still cold .
i m fixing a bowl of cereal and a banana .
patti was thoughtfully munching toast on which she had mashed a banana .
she munched a banana and a plain piece of bread and had a coffee stuck in his cup holder with which to wash it down .
when she looked as if she was going to throw the banana peel out the window , he frowned and said , no , no .
she was getting a banana for mark when sissy came back to the kitchen .
its a crime in this house to eat a banana .
yesterday she had snitched one of marks bananas .
when mrs . carnevale , the woman whose house she cleaned , learned of this , she bought a large bunch of bananas and some orange juice ( which was the only liquid she could use to get him to swallow his pills ) .
she had rebuked sissy for taking the banana , and sissy had reacted with all the wounded feelings a teenage girl was capable of .
it was nt just the banana .
she sat down beside mark and gave him the banana .
i believe elvis presley favored peanut - butter and banana sandwiches .
were nt the bananas fried ?
he picked up a half - eaten banana and started mindlessly squeezing it while he eyed the newcomers with a look of apprehension .
next to her was a carrot , and next to that a banana .
your ear has consumed two bananas , one orange and five carrots .
we do nt have many ingredients , and we ca nt afford to buy any more until my next payday , but we have everything for a loaf of banana bread .
it ll be good to use the over - ripe bananas anyway , so they do nt go to waste .
the banana bread is done before she is because she wants the picture to be perfect .
then she cuts up the banana bread and serves it to us in the living room .
old bananas .
apple , orange , banana , pear , grape .
it 's mostly bananas and you got out of bed later than i thought .
it was a happy party that made its way into the orchard after lunching on canard aux cerises and a dessert of cuban bananas .
the next lines list some popular menu items : jambalaya , falafel , enchiladas , tacos , kung pao tofu , pasta pomodoro potato pancakes , lefse , corn cakes , naan samosas , plantain chips , pappadum , antipasto , hummus collard greens , chow chow asparagus soup , pot liquor , soup d'jour sweet potato pie , pineapple cake , banana bread , sorbet do n't see what you want ?
bring me a large strawberry banana smoothie . ''
` ` miss zoe jalissa zamora ate two entire miniature pancakes , and about an ounce of pineapple banana salad . ''
the way i see it , it almost certainly must have come from the island and been spread north by rats on ships -- merchant ships , banana boats , the tourist trade .
is that a banana in your pocket , or do you just like haley ?
come on a ride , where the carte de fare is a grilled cheeseburger with onions , pickles and tomatoes , french fries , lots of them , 3 slices of cheese - and - pepperoni pizza , 1 pint each of vanilla , chocolate and chocolate chip ice cream , water , a 20 - ounce coke , a 20 - ounce pepsi and fruit , including an apple , banana and orange .
there were free coconuts : pineapples and bananas cost pennies .
before checking out i grabbed a banana , raisin bagel , two donuts and three cans of warm cola from the continental breakfast table in the room next to the main desk .
yes , there were the standard displays of broccoli , cauliflower , carrots , beets , onions , potatoes , yams , apples , bananas , oranges , peaches , pears , several varieties of melons and some in season berries but what i saw so much more here and it was all fresh looking versus travel worn from being shipped north on a train or truck .
she finished slicing the banana .
one exclusively of apples , four of them on a table top ; one of a mixture of oranges , bananas , grapes , with four bearded wheat heads in a green what looked like ( but probably was nt meant to look like ) plastic bowl ; the one behind her of grapes , both green and purple , two oranges and a glass pitcher of water .
he returned with two servings of green tea and a banana for harman - karman .
first harry pealed the banana , and held it for harman - karman to take a bite of .
a third bite of the banana , and then the rest .
: harry helped harman - karman finish the tea , then fetched and fed him a second banana .
yama took it slower , relishing the fresh oranges and bananas .
so what if everyone else thought of him as trent blys bitch and would nt trust him to stage a slip on a banana peel ?
i d rather have a banana split .
ill get you a banana split .
they sang along to songs on the radio , stopped at the grand canyon , stayed in cheap motor lodges , swam in over - chlorinated pools , made love at night by the glow of the tv in carpeted little rooms , ate lunches of peanut butter , triscuits , tuna fish , bananas , cheese and carrots while they drove .
the idea came to her after folding a load of laundry before waking the kids for school , after doing a quick and poor wash of the dishes that dotted the counter and sink , after emptying the dishwasher , making three breakfasts , chasing bryce just to put his socks on for the third time , settling two disputes between the girls over what cartoon to watch while they ate , nearly burning her hair in the curling iron , gazing over a cluttered bathroom countertop , observing a toilet in need of a scrub , counting mildew stains on a shower curtain , making the bed , messing her closets while looking for an outfit , seeing no straight lines anywhere in the house this notion of having another child came after all of that and also after she was back in the kitchen and stepped on the crunchy floor from dropped cereal and found a desiccated banana that bryce had stuck in the tupperware drawer , and while signing two permission slips for school , then realizing the clothes dawn had picked out revealed too much for a ten year - old , and seeing that rhea 's clothes did not match , and wincing after bryce poked her in the eye with his pet mop .
he 's just another money - grabbin ' git who 'll sell his own mother for the price of a banana .
we have bananas , garrett mentions .
peanut butter and bananas ?
elvis told you he likes peanut butter and banana sandwiches ?
you should still slice a banana on that sandwich .
who s already flubbed the simple task of slicing a banana .
its followed by : my copy of li pos selected poetry ; an empty container of apricot yogurt ; a packet of 3 alarm chili mix ; a spool of used typewriter ribbon ; a box of kleenex ; the empty sleeve of my mountain album ; a church key ; a red - and - blue checkered throw pillow that the widow lent us to brighten the place up ; a write brothers ballpoint pen ; a copy of last aprils playboy ( featuring a pictorial of the fetching miss vicki peters in the altogether ) that blake left behind ; a sealed baggie of rebel red and a pack of zig zag papers ; and a desiccated banana peel .
as the banana peel splats against the wall and the room stills , we all turn to gauge fisks reaction to this unworldly outburst of demonic spite .
you already know they have cherry and banana , so of course they offer cherry - banana .
you already know they have cherry and banana , so of course they offer cherry - banana .
following a strange meal of bananas and wolf meat , mountain song and his elderly father implored the band to play their music .
he watched heart of the people devour bananas and kiwi , chomping with his sharp teeth , smelling like dust .
there were still a few hours before it would be dark , so they hiked down the hill , each grabbing a banana as they walked by , and a papaya for later .
it is said he was once tested on his monkeyness by being tossed a bunch of bananas .
she pushed them in with the banana peels and coffee grounds so vehemently that eggshells scraped her knuckles and the heel of her hand squished into the girls half eaten oatmeal from that morning .
they re seeing bananas , cherries , and oranges , said zoe .
would you like toast and a banana to go with it ?
hannah handed julia a banana .
julia peeled the banana .
julia did nt speak her thoughts , but instead bit into her banana .
she pulled into the parking area , parked her car , checked in , and decided to go right to the restaurant since she had nt had anything to eat all day except for a banana .
dan had eggs and two giant belgian waffles while katie chose a bowl of rice krispies with a banana sliced on them .
sammy ordered her a banana daiquiri and she settled down on the bar stool .
hmmmm , any mole tamales today , the ones wrapped in banana leaves ?
with the expertise of a five - time marathoner and cross - country coach , she laid cat out horizontal , grabbed bananas , bagels and red gatorade , and helped her front runner pull on her blue and gold mcclintock sweats .
our open kitchen does have space for five banana leaves on the ground and we have enough banana trees in our garden .
our open kitchen does have space for five banana leaves on the ground and we have enough banana trees in our garden .
not only we but the entire village wishes for that to happen as my wife has told them that she would give them a big bhoj ( party ) the day our kitchen would have five banana leaves instead of two .
we have saved the prayer for the day of five banana leaves .
a man was sent in to fetch some more banana leaves to accommodate the new arrivals and eight different pickles and chutneys .
i brought some banana bread .
when she returned , she carried a tray with two full mugs and four slices of banana bread .
a lone fruit fly hovered above a black banana in the fruit bowl on the table .
she greeted claude with a smile and insisted he come to the kitchen for a cup of coffee and a piece of her famous banana bread .
claude put the piece of banana bread on top of the cup so he could reach for his wallet .
claude finished his banana bread and coffee .
then , just to be sure they would nt starve , she added a pair of bananas and some fruitcake to the esky .
under the regime the steaming coffee and ripe banana he enjoyed immensely were unattainable to anyone outside the government .
now coffee and bananas were available at nearly every corner , but they were unaffordable .
she grabbed a banana , tore the peel away and retreated back to the den .
my mother placed the bread in a separate sandwich bag , nestling it between an overripe banana and bottle of gatorade .
parker rose to his feet rather abruptly even though a slightly overripe banana was nestled under a paper towel in his lunch box .
he made a pot of oatmeal with banana and left some for isabelle , and he wrote her a short note telling her to make herself at home , and that he would be home at four , but that she could call him if she needed him earlier .
smitty pointed out ate too many banana fish , i know .
it was the banana fish .
and banana fish .
microbes are busy feasting on the apples and bananas lovingly placed in lunch boxes a few weeks earlier .
the backseat was thick with the scent of marijuana and ripe bananas .
my nose twitched with the scent of bananas .
in the morning , george dug through the compost heap where his parents had been dumping banana peels , eggshells , coffee grounds , fruit and other degradable refuse in a shallow pit .
eve wrung the apple until it was dry pulp and put the juice in a huge banana leaf .
it was some time before the two men returned looking gleeful with a pandanus kit which contained some banana leaf packages of still warm food .
he managed to buy a bunch of bananas for a rock bottom price and he ate two to pump up his energy level .
robert reported everything to min that evening as they devoured a fruit salad of bananas pineapple and papaya .
said temyong , opening the wrapped banana leaves .
he ignored our shocked expressions and stood with his hands like two bunches of bananas riding his hips , surveying the cluttered lawn .
deanna dubai arrived for breakfast with a companion , a petite , pale woman with dark hair , considerably younger than herself , whom she introduced as a friend and who spoke hardly a word as we ate scrambled eggs and toast but not the oatmeal with a mashed banana in it that my mother had insisted on making .
and , it drives her bananas if anyone around her is not covered in some level of sunscreen .
though her legs were weak , shed not let herself collapse in front of the toilet ; instead , she grasped her knees and bent over the stained bowl as her stomach rid itself of that mornings breakfast of cornflakes and sliced banana .
to kill time he watched television : the banana splits followed by the adventures of robinson crusoe .
they each ordered a burger and fries at the same time , with theo going for a banana milkshake as well .
after hitching a ride on a banana boat to miami and taking the train to carolina , rogerio morales was finally here to play for the graniteers .
later that day i started the ratty beginning of a novel about a young man who was associated with a banana ripening plant .
i heard about the whole set - up from dad in one of his lengthy engineering stories , probably a reaction to his frustration with bernie , the architect , and he sat at his drafting table and went blundering about telling me unsystematically about the ripening chamber plans and the layout , the technical problems with materials of the pipes , the various temperature difficulties of this actual banana plants equipment .
in went the bananas .
they came out of the banana bunches , you crazy kid .
the gas was to ripen them quickly and then the bananas were shipped on to the east .
along with this there came the image of the aftermath of the pumping of a gas into the chamber full of bananas and the image of dead tarantulas littering the floor which frankly i stole from the memory of my father to deliver to you .
all the dead tarantulas scattered about under the bananas resembled my precious shorthand .
so there was supposed to be a deeply dissatisfied youth , the child of the owner of the banana ripening plant and his unhappiness was going to be so poignant , but i could nt get to it .
was it that his father made his living off bananas ?
bananas might be a suitable image for a novel from a central american country , yes , the proverbial banana republic .
that was the sentence describing the opening image of this deeply dissatisfied youth couching against a guava crate at the banana ripening plant .
this plant was providing much of the nation with bananas .
how could people get worked up , emotional and profoundly stirred , by an image of a banana ripening plant ?
even if it provided a lot of the nation with bananas , was nt that comical rather than tragic ?
i fell into a despair that mimicked the despair i tried to create in my character , the heir of the banana ripening plant .
no one could get too worked up about bananas and their ripening .
i had bananas -- ripening .
( 15 ) father tells me the tales 1974 , the one used is the banana ripening plant and the ethyl gas and tarantulas , the stenographic shorthand book from the library , the transcript i take of him getting a leisure suit and complaining about it and his work , the imagination , how i wrote it so dully and how the shorthand filled in the big chief tablet ( 16 ) tearing apart the cloud poem and ripping it apart on the metate at gumms porch quickly when no one is observing , 1974 ( 17 ) meredith at college and do you know about sin ?
priscilla yields to him , surrenders , submits : imagines herself being turned inside out - laughs at the banana being peeled , but so it is !
as old mihali , o makaritis , theos seehoreseton ( god rest his soul ) , used to say , they sing about bananas : vee have no bananas today .
as old mihali , o makaritis , theos seehoreseton ( god rest his soul ) , used to say , they sing about bananas : vee have no bananas today .
with memories of the muddled banana song , tears would run into the folds of raucous faces and overflow with ke so - se all of us : and god save us all to their ears .
a pause would again erupt into hilarity at the thought that the lack of bananas would have the british asking for gods mercy .
we burned all the huts and razed the banana plantations to the ground .
you 'd never say that if you saw him eat a banana .
the words went : yes , we have no bananas , we have no bananas today we have stringbeans and onions , cabbages and scallions , all kinds of fruit , and say .
yes , we have no bananas , we have no bananas today .
yes , we have no bananas , we have no bananas today .
he should have grabbed a banana , candy bar , something .
the last game kirby ventured out he took four hits in the leg , which became big brown bruises ( like an overripe banana ) , which forced him to sleep on his back .
i sat on the floor and trembled as the men held dolls made in our likeness with a large banana protruding from the waist of the boy doll and stabbed it in my direction .
his cupped palm accepted the prasad , the food blessed by lakshmi , the goddess of wealth and the temples patron deity , a blessing he later transferred to a small banana leaf to take to his mother .
on the sand next to her was her basket which appeared much like what the girls were carrying except for a small bundle about the size of a softball wrapped in a banana leaf with a narrow red silk ribbon tied to hold it together .
what is that in your basket , wrapped in the banana leaf ?
she looked down seeming to look in her basket which only held the red silk ribbon tied banana leaf full of gao nep and two bottles of very warm vietnamese made tiger beer dan saw the color change on her neck and when he put a finger on her chin and raised her face so he could see her eyes .
shortly after they got out of the jeep honcho , with his habitual big smile , walked out of the shade of the banana trees across the road next to the village access road .
scattered along the shoulders of the villages two narrow dirt streets were banana and mango trees .
i rummaged in my pack but there was only a badly bruised banana and a half bottle of water .
the on - duty librarian , on that occasion , had been an older , gray haired lady who was tanned to the shade of an over ripe banana .
the guy was tanned to the shade of a rotten banana and just under six feet tall .
we passed a few small homes set amidst banana plants and other fruit trees .
she helped herself to a rock - hard green banana and a luke - warm grapefruit drink .
after turning in the rented racquet and paying my bill , i sat down with a banana smoothie to wait for my ride .
i cursed edmond again and again , imagining the scene when he stepped on a banana and stumbled like a ball .
she had her father to thank for her natural curly hair , which she kept tamed only by pulling it back in a banana clip , and her mother to thank for her high cheekbones .
his hands plunged into her hair snapping off the banana clip .
he was feeling kind of coo - coo bananas himself , and his side hurt , and his conscience hurt .
he s coo coo bananas .
i grabbed a banana off the counter and hurried out , closing the door softly .
i plopped cross - legged on the grass beneath the bushes , the perfect breakfast table , and peeled my banana .
she found a small basket which she lined with a tea towel and filled with an assortment of peppers , ranging from mild banana peppers to a couple of scotch bonnets that she wrapped separately and labeled as extra hot .
mary brought dave up to date while he nibbled at his favorite breakfast ; flavored oatmeal , with a side dish of bananas and strawberries covered with dannon yogurt .
you should try my banana muffins .
rashidi said they were called babyfingers because the bananas were short and stubby .
bunches of tiny babyfinger bananas and their larger cousins , the starchy plantains .
oso was now down on the floor hoovering for more banana chips .
i was thinking of planting a banana tree down here .
to remind me this spot is too far from the house for the banana trees .
bananas and apples .
i wrinkled my nose and tried to ignore the smell , even though the bananas were rapidly approaching the black peel stage of decay .
dressed in yellow from head to toe , justice looked like a banana .
dressed in black flannel pajamas , murphy was eating banana pudding .
anyway , by mid - february i was going bananas and was ready to bash her door down just to see that she was okay .
she topped them off with a brown banana and a mug of coffee that was half sugar .
rose of sharon put the bullhorn to her lips and began a rousing rendition of i like to eat apples and bananas .
so , he said once we were eating the lovely little banana custards marjorie had made us for pudding , well wait until after i ve spoken to stan before we follow up on todays leads .
she flipped through the articles and read while she got out of bed and meandered her way to the kitchen , where she opened the refrigerator , pulled out a dr . pepper , and grabbed a banana .
as she peeled back the outer layers of the banana and started to eat , she read about a sale going on at the new pet store , paws pals , that had opened up around the corner this past year .
then , with a banana knife , he cut out the mickey mouse mask that was on the back .
it was hideous , somehow crossing the heavy - handed imitation banana flavor with a saccharine strawberry smell reminiscent of public bathroom cleaner .
* * * chapter 4 after an hour on her treadmill and a banana with a bowl of grape nuts for breakfast bridget showered .
so following each session he busted out the blender , nonfat milk , vitamins , some bananas and various protein powders .
he walked to the kitchen , made himself another protein and banana smoothie .
this time darren left the dirty blender , spoon , and two banana peels in the sink .
over coffee and banana bread we brainstormed .
something about that portrait left him scratching his head like a chimpanzee aching for a banana .
there was a lot to be said for an all - inclusive holiday that did nt allow children in the hotel she thought as she reached for her bbc , a delicious concoction of baileys , bananas and coconut cream .
there was such variety : the mountains with their accompanying deep valleys and gorges , the mountainous rainforests , the huge banana plantations , and of course the wonderful beaches and the sea .
i can just see the settlers missing their bananas and sending a boat home for some plants .
i was bold , but i was nt bananas .
when she finished , he suggested they celebrate with ice cream for dinner , so they went out to the local ice cream shop and filled up on banana splits .
i showered , dressed in my favorite suit then grabbed a banana and headed for the door .
she put on her walking shoes and headed up the road with a couple of bottles of water and a couple of bananas for a snack .
tiptoeing down the stairs just after six , i got the bacon cooking on a cookie sheet in the oven , mixed up some pancake batter while the coffee was brewing , and sliced up some bananas in a saut pan with a little melted butter and some brown sugar .
my mom prepared my favorite race - day breakfastleggo waffles with sliced bananas and plenty of syrup .
once he reached his own garden , he ripped the bag open and nuzzled into the contents , tossing a banana peel in the air .
i have nt watched anything that funny since ethel mermen slipped on a banana peel in a sanatorium .
she loaded a wooden tray with old plastic plates and bowls , flatware , cereal , bananas , butter and a basket of rhubarb almond muffins that she had snagged from her home freezer .
` ` yeah , he 's gone bananas , but he pays me on time .
i would have given anything for a banana at that moment .
and it does n't sound like the sort of outfit that 's going to brainwash her and change her name to ananda - banana and ship her off to some soybean farm in california .
pickett turned the nova down a muddy track on the other side of the mailbox and the banana trees .
well , her ol ' dog goes bananas , y'know what i mean , and she damn near falls on the body .
their shrimp were the size of small bananas , sweet and succulent , and the mugs were coated in frost .
cheerios and a half - rotten banana would have to do .
after lunch , the couple lectured on acceptable non - toxic treatments of bananas , mangos , and papayas .
i eat some shredded wheat with banana for breakfast and then walk up to city hall .
show me an ape - man , he wrote , and ill be more inclined to believe i m descended from a tree - climbing , chest - beating , banana eater .
have you got any banana fizzles ?
mum and dad took us once , i got some banana fizzles and you got some chocolate buttons !
i still had some of those banana fizzles you gave me earlier but they did nt do much for my energy levels .
she was wearing a bright green dress that had little prints of bananas on it .
and if that was nt temptation enough the aroma of sugar , strawberries , bananas and liquorice wafted through the air .
and we still make regular ol ' fountain stuff like sodas , sundaes , banana splits . ''
her hair smelled of oranges and bananas and her body no longer shook when he touched her .
cory , eating a banana , said , you better not light it off without us .
we both had cheerios , but lous were mixed with some wet dog food and he skipped the banana and the orange juice .
i paid for the paper , the coffee , and one of the slices of banana bread they keep by the register for suckers like me .
i added a few apples , oranges , and bananas from a basket on the counter .
unless you want a banana or orange .
sometimes i m a size nine , if i ve been really downing the peanut butter banana milkshakes that i m addicted to from the wired coffee shop .
wired had the best peanut butter banana milkshakes on the planet .
although , nothing compares to the goodness of the peanut butter banana milkshakes from wired .
ethan even brought me a couple peanut butter banana milkshakes from my favorite coffee shop , wired .
i love peanut butter banana milkshakes so that was super awesome of him .
manda , i ve baked some nice banana bread .
by this time they were seated at the kitchen table with coffee and banana bread .
on the seat beside her lay a thermos of iced tea and several slices of wrapped banana bread , courtesy of her friend and neighbor .
as she enjoyed her sandwich followed by a piece of the banana bread , she studied the directions he had given her to reach a b & b in a town about twenty miles or so further up the road .
too bad i had n't brought a banana for dessert .
her eye caught a crazy - quilt of color : tulips , asparagus , strawberries , bananas , hanging sausages , live chickens caught by their feet and twisting at the ends of long ropes and all of it flying by in a hectic haze .
left me with a pop , a sandwich and a banana .
chapter 15 twilight was approaching as i corkscrewed up the outer approach to mount hyperion and stopped at the pretentious gate house , to confront a guard wearing a banana republic uniform complete except for medals .
he was an appendage , a stick to help the monkey reach the banana and perhaps to be discarded when the fruit was in the monkey 's paw .
he had his coat and backpack ; luke was in his buggy and had his bottle of milk with him , his change bag , a banana and a pot of edible orange mush for the day ; he had his house keys , the gas was turned off , double - check that he had remembered to put on a pair of trousers - one of these days art was convinced that he would walk out into the street dressed in just his boxer shorts , or was that just one of those anxiety dreams ?
i do nt give one rats banana whether we have proof .
they finished the wine and had coffee as they shared the banana spring rolls for dessert .
can you get me a bran cereal with a banana or some other type of fruit ?
zoey popped her head up out of the stinky bed , a banana peel adorning her hair like a homeless womans barrette .
zo settled on the banana cream pie and claire savored the new york cheesecake .
my sandwich and soup , and her banana split .
and when i looked the next day , there was a pile of banana peels , like someone had been staking the place out .
someone who ate bananas . ''
life was too short to pass up banana splits .
you want some banana pudding ? ''
if it had been a normal night , if he had come up and told her that he was going grocery shopping , if he had made some clumsy double entendre before leaving , something about melons or bananas , something funny and stupid like that , she 'd have been on the phone with the police already .
she sliced up a banana and mixed it in with the cereal .
grace always tried to be sneaky here , gradually adding more banana and less of the cap'n .
he walked slowly through the station , bought the evening papers and two bananas at pressbyrandaring ; n , and paused to watch two muslim women in veils hurry past him .
they were jesus , he could n't believe it shooting bananas across the room with their vaginas .
another man kept loading their vaginas with bananas , as though the two women were human grenade launchers .
as i walked up toward the band kids , ben shouted , ` ` jacobsen , was i dreaming or did you- '' i gave him the slightest shake of my head , and he changed gears midsentence- ` ` and me go on a wild adventure in french polynesia last night , traveling in a sailboat made of bananas ? ''
` ` bananas .
as claude was slicing an apple for himself and i was peeling a banana , he broke that comfortable silence .
that afternoon i went to the grocery , cleaned my own house , and made some banana nut bread for claude .
with the attention to detail you have to have around kids , i put jane in her infant seat , fastened the strap and buckle arrangement that prevented her from falling out , and fetched luke a banana from the chaotic kitchen .
` ` if you eat your banana , i 'll get you some chips , '' i said as diplomatically as i am able .
ignoring luke 's continued complaints about bananas , i strode down the hall to the room that must be krista 's , judging from all the signs on the door warning luke never to come in .
salander felt like a bag of bananas that had been left too long in the sun .
` ` mom and i are making some banana bread .
i hold up the banana hammock on the end of one finger .
they ate their fill of apples , oranges , and bananas , and split a pineapple and a mango .
igor and i are having a month - long slumber party , '' gretchen said , holding the cat in front of her and making a kissy face at him because she knew it 'd drive sensible audrey bananas .
she seemed to glow with internal peace while she turned on the oven and picked an overripe banana off the counter , then began hunting for bowls .
she gave a wry , self - deprecating snort and began to peel the ripe bananas , dropping them into a bowl .
` ` you do n't look as happy when you write , '' he pointed out , reaching over to snag a chunk of banana and tossing it into his mouth .
she picked up a small bit of banana clinging to the edge of the bowl and nudged it back with the rest .
she frowned to herself and grabbed the potato masher , then began to vigorously smash the bananas in the bowl .
brandy was fond of gretchen 's banana nut bread and always talked about how much her children enjoyed gretchen 's cooking .
lack of bananas or something .
` ` it 's a long story involving me and lexie and some bananas .
the next day , i got up , showered , dressed , and headed downstairs to the kitchen where claire was making homemade banana nut bread .
thank you for making banana bread , it smells delicious . ''
` ` very good , connor ; i hope you enjoy yourself tonight , '' claire smiled as she set the plate of banana bread on the table .
i sat down at the table across from denny as claire brought me a cup of coffee and a plate with banana bread on it .
i looked at him as i took a bite of banana bread .
it smelled like banana bread .
` ` is that banana bread i smell ? ''
` ` it 'll be the best banana bread that i ' ve ever tasted .
i just want to make sure that you really want to find out , '' i said as i took a bite of banana bread .
` ` did you tell your mom i want more banana nut bread ? ''
` ` and two bananas . ''
` ` there are bananas on this island ? ''
will handed the fruit over to dean , who handed me a banana .
when i 'd eaten the last bites of the banana and sighed , i pondered what to do with the peel .
they looked like two apes pounding their chest and asking for a banana .
the thing about me - i was not so willing to give just anyone my f**king banana .
a few hours , a couple of cherry - dipped cones , and one shared banana split later , we 'd closed the place down .
i said to myself , but she answered by pulling a half - eaten granola bar , a brown banana , and an almost - empty bag of sunflower seeds from the pocket of her worn trench coat .
` ` mom , you used a banana , a couple of limes , and a pomegranate . ''
thus the banana and condom demonstration . ''
` ` we have blueberry , banana , and chocolate chip muffins on this side .
he was holding a banana and watching us with humor dancing in his bright blue eyes .
` ` i do n't have to know what 's in it to know that i ' m in the mood for '' -i glance back at the menu- ` ` a refreshing blend of strawberries , bananas , pineapple juice , and orange sherbet .
the next thing i know , he 's back at the blender , loading it with cut - up bananas and an extra - large serving of strawberries - definitely more than seven .
it 's no wonder i ' m shaky and out of sorts - i have n't eaten anything besides a banana all day .
` ` pass me that banana , will ya ' ? ''
his trench coat floated around him like a swirl of crows , his limp hair held back with a rubber band that came with bananas you bought at the store .
he opened the bag to reveal packages of beef jerky , corn nuts , doritos , combos , sunflower seeds , sour berries , honey mustard pretzels , reese 's pieces , a few cans of red bull , and a banana .
` ` the banana is for you , '' he said .
who the hell eats a banana when they 're on the run ?
after he 'd had his breakfast of banana cheerios , as sophia was trying to clean him up , i asked her where the briefcase was .
we followed javier down the street , past the faded signs of small shops and businesses , past the group of kids who were hiding behind a phone booth and peering at us with gap - toothed grins , past a produce stand where an owner and a customer were in a showdown over the price of bananas .
he got up and used the washroom quickly , had a banana and went back in the closet .
i have a laundry list of valid reasons stuck to the fridge by a banana magnet for all to see .
` ` i 'll have the number 2 cheeseburger with everything , an order of half fries half onion rings , and a banana shake .
after a run of cookies , a loaf of banana bread , and a failed experiment at egg - free brownies , i could go no further with my meager supply of groceries .
she silenced her rant with a quick chomp at her banana .
` ` holy shit , that 's bananas ! ''
then he grabs a banana off the counter and runs for the door .
and every flavor , if the banana on the front of one is any indication .
karina uncovered a pan of nice , thick banana bread and my mouth began to water .
i grabbed a banana off the counter .
if ever there was a time to stiff a server , it would be when they brought you a smoked salmon and cream cheese crepe when you were expecting a crepe stuffed with bananas , chocolate sauce , and walnuts , but no one left me less than a fifteen percent tip all night .
jason asks , handing me a banana as i sit down at the table to join them .
i peel my banana and take a bite , noticing that my canker sores have already improved with the medication i ' ve been taking .
jean skipped her only monday class to hang out with me , so we ' ve spent the morning baking two dozen banana chocolate chip muffins , which we 're now finishing eating .
i learn that things are going so fabulously with mckenna that he 's even taught her dog to surf and he shows me a picture of the blond lab - husky mix riding a wave on a banana yellow surfboard .
look , this banana !
she poked through a basket of perfect yellow bananas as if unable to choose one , though they all looked the same to me .
the banana at the end was black and soft .
for some reason , bodhi had used his one phone call to call me , and when i picked up he said , ` ` banana . ''
a huge bowl filled with apples , oranges and bananas in the middle .
gray did not reach for a power bar or a banana when he got peckish and considering his day was physical activity from dawn practically to dusk , he got the munchies often .
i should probably rest , definitely take a second out to eat a banana or something but i had no idea where max was .
then i grabbed the bunch of bananas on the counter and i yanked one off .
` ` but ... '' mindy said to my back as i started to slice bananas into the bowl , ` ` max said you were american . ''
` ` i was born here , '' i told the banana .
i finished with the banana , threw the peel in the bin under the sink and started to rinse the berries .
la - la land 's coffee was far superior and their banana bread was , if it could be believed , better than any donut i 'd ever tasted and therefore definitely by far the best banana bread i 'd had in my life .
la - la land 's coffee was far superior and their banana bread was , if it could be believed , better than any donut i 'd ever tasted and therefore definitely by far the best banana bread i 'd had in my life .
` ` she had a banana and a skinny butterscotch , '' the girl noted and asked me , ` ` you like ? ''
` ` the banana bread was fantastic and you do good coffee , '' i told her .
` ` well , considering your banana bread is the best i ' ve ever tasted , and i like banana bread so i ' ve tried a lot , then you are n't wrong , '' i informed him and his goofy grin nearly split his face .
` ` well , considering your banana bread is the best i ' ve ever tasted , and i like banana bread so i ' ve tried a lot , then you are n't wrong , '' i informed him and his goofy grin nearly split his face .
` ` you give out free bites of your banana bread for a couple of days , you 'll be beating them back with a stick , '' i told him .
i did n't do either and i 'd survived and kept myself standing and breathing all through wendy taking me to her and tyler 's condo to make me a protein shake which consisted of organic greek yogurt , a banana , a tablespoon of peanut butter , a squeeze of honey , a dash of milk , a bunch of ice cubes and a scoop of protein powder .
` ` is that your banana bread ? ''
` ` great , '' i smiled at him then pulled in breath , turned to the boys and declared , ` ` that banana bread is the best you 'll ever eat and you can get it right down the street . ''
walker watched lexie push through the door , juggling two , white plastic bags filled full with what he suspected was not apples and bananas and a cardboard container holding two huge - ass beverage cups at the same time flicking the arms out on her shades and shoving them on her face .
it was then i saw he had a package of strawberries , a bunch of bananas , a pot of yogurt and a big , plastic vat of something i did n't know what it was .
he pulled the blender to him and started to peel a banana .
i asked back as he dumped the banana into the blender then opened the strawberries .
i stared at him as he pulled the stems off of the ( unwashed ) berries and started to add them to the banana .
` ` well i did , '' he replied then threw back the last of the shake , put the blender on the counter and left the milk , banana peel , strawberry stems and everything where it lay as he headed to the steps saying , ` ` hittin ' the shower then goin ' to bed .
i made coffee and i used his strawberries , bananas and yogurt , cutting up the fruit and covering it with yogurt in the bowl .
i grabbed the bananas and dug in the fridge for the apples and oranges , assembled them in the bowl and put them on the short side counter between the stove and the fridge .
* * * * * ty was standing with a hip against the counter , bowl of sliced bananas , cut strawberries and yogurt held up in front of him , spoon in his other hand shoveling the food into his mouth .
with this , i added a pint of milk , three bottles of water , a package of bologna , a package of american cheese slices , a loaf of bread , a box of granola bars , three apples , a bunch of bananas , a cucumber ( he would n't eat it but i had to make the effort of getting what my dad called ` ` roughage '' in him ) and a ginormous bar of hershey 's chocolate ( which he probably would eat ) .
` ` a new coat , hat , scarf , gloves , three pairs of wool socks , two pairs of jeans , two warm sweaters , some underwear , a pint of milk , three bottles of water , bologna , cheese , bread , a box of granola bars , three apples , bananas , a cucumber and a ginormous bar of hershey 's chocolate , '' i shared .
four banana peels , not peeled off , ripped open , teeth marks visible on the inside skins now brown .
the end prologue gabriel anderson stopped the woman from falling over the loose banana skin in the middle of the road .
her lunch consisted of an apple , banana , and two slices of bread .
* * * * gash peeled back the banana conscious of angel 's gaze on him .
he stopped as she took a bite of banana .
` ` hey , '' she said , wiping her lips , putting the banana skin down on the tray .
but as she grabbed a banana off of the counter and peeled it , her smile fell away .
she put the banana down without taking a bite .
asha laid her head back down on kade 's chest and started to fiddle with the buttons on his red shirt that was decorated with dancing banana characters .
the dread i 'd been holding down burst free , doing wretched things to my stomach and i was grateful i 'd only had time to scarf down a banana and coffee before the meeting .
i could keep it simple and just do cereal and a banana .
it apparently comes from eating too many bananas . ''
` ` do you eat bananas ? ''
` ` i can think of a whole lot of things to do with bananas . ''
she was going completely bananas .
swallowing a sigh , he claimed the last banana muffin and said a silent prayer that his lover would remember to keep his dick in his pants .
i hold out two apples and a banana , like i ' m surrendering a weapon .
marina , in general , ate a crepe with banana and chocolate , but she felt like trying something new , so she ordered instead a crepe with a fruit skewer ( with strawberry , kiwi , banana , peach and pineapple ) and hot chocolate .
he decided on the unusual combination of waffles with bananas and ice cream .
i think having waffles with bananas and ice cream once a day is quite enough .
she rolls her eyes and grabs a banana from the bowl in the middle of the table , ` ` i ca n't wait to have all eyes off of me again .
they d go bananas !
as she weaved her way past stalls stacked high with strawberries from huelva , ripe red tomatoes , creamy yellow pumpkins sold by the slice , courgettes , broccoli , potatoes from the river valleys that bordered the town , sweet smelling oranges from valencia , bananas from the canary islands , pink fleshed grapefruits sliced open to reveal their authenticity , it seemed on the surface that the market was the same as any other european street market .
emma snagged a banana , peeled it , and took a bite while david continued to scan the front gate and interior courtyard garden of marys house through a narrow gap between the drape and window frame .
unwilling to meet his gaze , she popped the last bite of the banana into her mouth and set aside the skin .
he said as he grabbed a banana muffin and began to unwrap it .
as for me , all i was craving were stupid fried peanut butter and banana sandwiches .
and every flavor , if the banana on the front of one of them is any indication .
bananas , sliced apples , pineapple , peaches and mango were among the fruits cam loved .
shed only had half a banana and a handful of grapes for breakfast .
i had a banana in the cafe .
while the rosanna banana hair or whatever was very cute , the reason i liked you was because you were the smartest girl i ever met .
and that applies to a banana as well .
by the end of the month , i could make cornbread , chocolate chip cookies , and banana bread from scratch .
i sat in my kitchen , sharing half of a loaf of banana bread with lauren after our shift at work .
she had n't heard the door open and was surprised to see a woman standing in the doorway holding what smelled liked a basket of banana bread .
if the coffee included banana bread , she definitely wanted company .
first , she pulled out the banana bread , which looked as delicious as it had smelled .
please tell julie thank you for the coffee and banana bread .
noting the time , she tossed her banana peel and plastic yogurt container into the trash , took hold of the kids nametags , then headed to the gate to greet her new students and their families .
i tried calling her chiquita the other day , but she said that was a banana and she was nt a banana , so i guess that s out .
i tried calling her chiquita the other day , but she said that was a banana and she was nt a banana , so i guess that s out .
amy was slicing a banana into two bowls of yogurt for breakfast .
i sat at the kitchen table with the yellow and purple flowered cloth and the wooden bowl filled with plastic grapes and apples and bananas .
she thought of her perfectly organized house , with the banana holder , place mats , and matching furniture right down to the bathroom trash can .
johnny had made a small fire while we bathed , and there was some kind of meat roasting over it ; there were baked beans in a steel camping pot and even plastic , re - sealable bags with something like dried bananas in it .
that really needed to be dried bananas .
the smell had been closer to rancid bananas than aftershave but he d worn it for weeks , regardless , until shed finally begged him to throw it in the bin .
or a banana ?
tammy walked into the bookshop and mrs waters was sitting at the counter just like every morning eating her breakfast ; yoghurt and a banana .
not long now mrs water 's smiled , taking another bite of her banana ...
~~~ the smell of bananas and pumpkin woke him .
and the bananas ?
if you want to skin a banana , you must first find the banana tree .
if you want to skin a banana , you must first find the banana tree .
five the road to the banana tree had not been repaired in months .
the volcanoes of virunga stood clear against the sky on the right , old overgrown banana plantations on the left .
maybe they really were headed for a banana tree , she thought , staring out her window .
a round of bullets smacked into a nearby banana tree , tearing the leaves .
on the outskirts of town , patrols worked their way among the banana trees .
the traffic of bicycles and pedestrians made driving along the road slow and they followed a bicycle , weighed down with bananas and fish , on the way to market .
he made a beeline for the spread of food laid out , grabbed two turkey sandwiches and a banana , and then headed out .
i grabbed my belongings and hurried past the banana peel that had caused my fall , and past sally , who stood at the cash register , mouth open .
we talked for a while , and when i was leaving , i slipped on a banana peel .
beccas eyes widened as she bit down on a banana .
becca finished the banana and threw the peel in the trash under the sink .
she insisted on cooking tomorrow nights meal , and would start by making banana bread from her moms recipe .
she shooed him out of the kitchenhe retreated to his desk in the bedroom to work further on a difficult scene in his noveland started rummaging through his cupboards and drawers to find the ingredients and utensils she needed for the banana bread .
sometime later , with the wonderful odor of baking banana bread filling the whole apartment , zach emerged from the bedroom and found becca lying on the couch reading my antonia , a book he d given her before christmas .
becca laughed into his stomach , kissed around his bellybutton , then stood to go check the banana bread .
she unpacked a small feastpimento - cheese sandwiches on thick slices of fresh - baked whole - wheat bread , hummus on pita wedges , and banana bread with peanut butter for dessert : and all of it except the peanut butter made by beccas own hands .
i know lots of fun facts : bananas are a good source of potassium .
then she s called away to the office on some business or tother , but before she goes , she pulls out of her purse all sorts of long vegetables and fruit , like a plastic banana and a italian squash and an eggplant even a warty little pickle , and she tells us to practice .
they d blown up a couple condoms and tied them to the bottom of the banana plastic , so it looked like a well , you know what with two big round blown up balloons on the side , and then they said , everybody bring everything back , and they arranged everything on the desk for ms . singer .
i say , my face goin all red because i know what she s thinkin of , but everybodys having so much fun with it that i have to hand my plastic squeeze bottle over to stevie , and he and he squirts the ivory white lotion all over the all over the end of the banana .
and then ms . singer comes back in , there on the desk was the banana with two huge condom balls on either side of it and my pearly white hand lotion oozing from its tip and dropping on the floor , and stevie richards calls out , ms . singer we tried putting the condoms on but we were too late !
does that mean were going to have a bunch of little bananas !
he owned a farm about 5 miles out of town and was always talking about expanding , catching the next wave of food production , he called it like capybaras ( i had to look up the spelling to get it right ) , which was what they had for rats down there in south america , or the kind of slugs they ate over in africa someplace ( i think they were banana slugs , but whether it because they looked like bananas , or tasted like bananas , or they ate bananas , i forget ) , or ostriches , or buffalo .
he owned a farm about 5 miles out of town and was always talking about expanding , catching the next wave of food production , he called it like capybaras ( i had to look up the spelling to get it right ) , which was what they had for rats down there in south america , or the kind of slugs they ate over in africa someplace ( i think they were banana slugs , but whether it because they looked like bananas , or tasted like bananas , or they ate bananas , i forget ) , or ostriches , or buffalo .
he owned a farm about 5 miles out of town and was always talking about expanding , catching the next wave of food production , he called it like capybaras ( i had to look up the spelling to get it right ) , which was what they had for rats down there in south america , or the kind of slugs they ate over in africa someplace ( i think they were banana slugs , but whether it because they looked like bananas , or tasted like bananas , or they ate bananas , i forget ) , or ostriches , or buffalo .
he owned a farm about 5 miles out of town and was always talking about expanding , catching the next wave of food production , he called it like capybaras ( i had to look up the spelling to get it right ) , which was what they had for rats down there in south america , or the kind of slugs they ate over in africa someplace ( i think they were banana slugs , but whether it because they looked like bananas , or tasted like bananas , or they ate bananas , i forget ) , or ostriches , or buffalo .
delores warner , author of do nt buy too many green bananas if you like exciting books set in interesting locations , this one is for you .
i stirred some two - percent into my coffee , took a banana off the counter , and made my way back up to the bedroom .
i baked the banana nut this morning .
these are pumpkin , but the ones on the counter are blueberry , and i m about to mix up some banana .
next to her , maureen peeled and mashed the overripe bananas .
with the banana mashed , she cracked some eggs into an empty bowl .
when aunt grindle came back , though , she was loaded with a loaf of brown bread , a banana , a tub of yoghurt and a packet of sausages .
with hardly a cent in handliving on the generous breakfast , the rolls and odd apple or banana she pilfered from it and the water from the filter in the hostels common roomshe managed to survive .
* * * some hours later , she was brainstorming a slogan for a new toy for toddlersa singing banana , no lesswhen her phone rang and indicated an internal call coming from the managers office .
behind her was a burly , old man with hair growing out of his nostrils and a plump woman chomping on a banana .
maybe you ll go to community college or maybe you ll work for you dad at the supermarket stacking bananas for him .
instead , the best she could offer him were two overripe bananas , one frozen chocolate chip waffle and a box of granola bars with an expiration date of more than six months ago .
i guess her daddy does nt make enough stacking bananas or whatever it is he does over at the a & p. his little girl has to work during school days instead of just on weekends , eric mocked .
exiting via the kitchen , she stuffed her pockets full of granola bars and snatched an apple and a banana from the fruit bowl on the counter .
the banana she peeled and scarfed down as she walked back outside .
the wonderful scent of roasted chicken and banana bread filled the air and cassie 's eager stomach rumbled .
a plate of banana bread , and a deck of cards , sat between them .
there , blanche caressed a small firm melon , ran her index finger over the carrots , and casually eyed up the other shoppers as she selected blushing pink grapes and a bunch of thrusting bananas .
heni identified only the banana and the ananas how do you like it ?
avoiding her oatmeal topped with sliced banana breakfast and substituting it with a chocolate jolt meant she 'd crave sweets for the rest of the day .
in between batches , she breakfasted on a banana and a slice of whole - wheat toast , so she was only mildly hungry as she bit into one of her freshly baked brownies .
at home , todd was building a peanut butter and banana sandwich when maddie walked in .
i ducked into the kitchen , grabbed my slick rain jacket , put a banana in my backpack , and took a bite out of an apple .
i reached into my backpack and took out the banana i had snatched from the counter earlier .
evan peeled the banana and took a huge bite .
throw that banana peel elsewhere , perhaps the trash can ?
evan threw up his hands and made a giant show of throwing the banana into the trash can and returned to his seat .
i grab a banana from the counter and choke it down .
lake shuffles back toward me , a banana in hand .
skinny girl placed a large piece of warm chocolate banana cake ablaze with a sparkler in front of cullen and handed him a fork .
its not like peeling a banana is it ?
she took a bite of the yummy - looking pancake dripping with strawberries and honey , topped with banana on the side .
he was like a little kid in a candy store , having to pick the strawberry licorice or the banana taffy when both were his favorites .
i do nt want strawberry or banana .
the straps of her banana yellow bathing suit peeked out from behind .
feeling the need to start my day right , i decided to make a quick fruit salad with grapes , strawberries , pineapple and cantaloupe topped with a banana and sour cream dressing .
i took a strawberry banana one and he went with chocolate caramel .
he d have the newspaper on the table in front of him , the sports section on top , spread out beside a saucer of buttered wheat toast and exactly half of a banana .
the twins , sharing a porch step and a banana , divided their interest between keeping an eye on their daddy and seeing who could make the funniest face by squishing mashed fruit between their teeth .
i had nt eaten anything since half a banana for breakfast , but my appetite was suddenly lost .
she stood , pirouetted to the antique butchers block that stood against the wall , retrieved a banana from a fruit bowl and returned to the table .
shed begun making a banana rum cake but realized she was out of spiced rum , so daddy and i offered to take a drive to the package store .
after the meeting with handymans depot , the three of them had accepted mammas invitation to join us for a late lunch of grilled hotdogs with pineapple slaw and homemade banana pudding for dessert .
everyone is just happy for you , jack said through a mouthful of banana pudding .
it keeps them out of the trash , daddy told her , eyeing a half - eaten bowl of banana pudding that shed put on the counter to save for later .
daddy opened a bottle of champagne and distributed a flute to everyone , assuring my sister that bubbly did indeed go well with banana pudding .
he d only gone to the store because the idea of eating a very large bowl of ice cream with chocolate sauce and sliced banana while sprawled on the couch in his gym gear watching noisy sports held such a huge , rebellious , and very masculine appeal , but then he d ended up picking up half a cartload .
so i m like a banana .
i m like a banana .
she caught me lifting some bananas from her table .
she took in her surroundings : cushions , gauzy curtains , walls painted cream with lurid red accents , a bowl of plastic fruit heavy on the apples , bananas and dates .
this morning i ate a bowl of granola , a banana , and a glass of pomegranate juice .
he grabbed a banana from the fruit bowl and started to peel it .
that and banana , so if you just say those two things a bunch of times , i m sure everyone will think its really me , i start drawing little patterns on his arm that s wrapped around me .
it looked to me like a weird , limp banana .
she cautiously took a sip of the concoctionshe detected strawberries , bananas , and possibly spinach .
i turned my back to her and pulled the collar up on my jacket , but even margaret - who had banana pudding where her brain should have been - was smart enough to figure out who she was looking for .
my parents made a fortune in bananas , and you are my bodyguard , because the banana - workers ' union wants me dead . ''
my parents made a fortune in bananas , and you are my bodyguard , because the banana - workers ' union wants me dead . ''
dishes were washed and stacked on the drainboard and the only food on the counter was a bowl with three overripe bananas .
erlene 's fingers agilely cut bananas into even slices as she spoke .
one of the nighttime editors , a girl with a limp blond ponytail and nice blue eyes , brought in banana bread and offered him a piece .
i ' ve got fruit , i ' ve got bananas , do you like bananas ? ''
i ' ve got fruit , i ' ve got bananas , do you like bananas ? ''
` ` grandma , '' ben said , ` ` this banana is dirty . ''
` ` bananas are yellow , '' jake said .
he 'd started taking bananas with him to the gym so that he 'd have something to eat in the car as soon as he left .
lincoln sat up extra straight until he recognized her as one of the copy editors , the small girl who 'd offered him banana bread .
he watched christine make her toddler a plate of raisins and banana slices .
` ` we 'll go to fenwick 's and eat banana ice cream .
i had a wobbly moment at the grocery store last night when i realized i was buying a single banana .
there 's nothing sadder than buying bananas one at a time .
josie started to unpeel a banana from laura 's fruit bowl .
` ` yes , i 'll get you out but first let 's wash the banana off your hands . ''
` ` maybe the double banana split was a bad idea . ''
he smiled and thanked me when i handed him a cool glass filled to the brim with my strawberry banana smoothie concoction .
` ` well , we got special k , and i could slice you up some bananas with it . ''
` ` cereal and bananas .
she glanced over as meg brought her a white stoneware bowl heaped with cereal and sliced bananas .
alix reached for a banana .
peeling the banana , alix plopped down on the one stuffed chair in the apartment .
biting into the banana , alix noticed that the baby blanket she was knitting lay on the floor .
have you seen all the people here going bananas over your paintings ? ''
` ` do you want me to pick up a few bananas ? ''
bananas were the perfect fruit for people their age , in charlotte 's view .
filled with apples , oranges , bananas , grapes and a variety of nuts and chocolate , it was wrapped in silvery cellophane and decorated with a large plaid bow .
` ` actually , i was planning on eating yogurt and a banana at my desk while i corrected papers .
he placed a bowl with instant oatmeal in the microwave and sliced a banana for her breakfast .
rachel asked , peeling a banana and taking a bite .
` ` you make it sound like you slipped on a banana peel and fell on my husband . ''
the bowl of fresh fruit beckoned , and he wolfed down a banana , then half an apple .
abruptly he was too full to eat another bite , so he tossed both the banana skin and the half - eaten apple into the trash .
i ate a banana and an apple . ''
when eleanor first heard about richie , she was leaning against their old couch , reading a life magazine , and drinking a virgin banana daiquiri .
` ` and they think i ' m a slab of meat loaf , and we think they 're all totally bananas . ''
it had sounded crazy at the time , and miss sophia was evil bananas .
he was holding two cups of coffee and had a banana shoved into the pocket of his flannel shirt .
` ` are you about to offer me a banana ? ''
` ` i ' m about to offer you half a banana , '' levi said , letting go of her hand .
he gave her the coffee and took the banana out of his pocket , peeling it .
levi handed cath half a banana , and she took it .
cath ate the banana and held on to his gaze .
do n't tell me he has a banana dick !
` ` then how do you know he does n't have a banana dick ? ''
are you gon na eat that banana ?
in the carport she found her old pink bicycle with the u - shaped handlebars , flowerdecaled banana seat , and white wicker basket .
she ate breakfast ( a banana and an organic muffin ) and lunch ( a turkey sandwich and an apple ) in the field every day , sitting cross - legged in the tilled black earth that smelled like fecund possibility .
we ' ve been here a few times but have n't danced because the dance floor has been bananas .
panic button makes our security room go bananas .
with a scrunched face she goes on , ` ` totally cuckoo bananas ?
she 's gone cuckoo bananas .
today was oatmeal and wheat toast with sliced bananas .
there was nothing like a life - and - death emergency to bring out the banana pudding and squash casserole .
they descended upon ruby and elbert 's house like reverse locusts bearing casseroles , fried chicken , coleslaw , potato salad , banana pudding , and two chocolate cakes .
miriam shoehorned the cookie tray between the banana pudding and the jell - o mold .
she pulled the banana clip out of her hair .
ruby gently pressed sarah into the seat and then pried the banana clip loose from her hair .
she gave sarah a critical look and then pulled the banana clip from her hair .
` ` hey , savannah , '' rocky called , ` ` you ' ve got to taste cathy 's banana bread .
someone passed her a paper plate with a slice of banana bread and a cup filled with sweet tea .
from a bowl on the coffee table , she grabbed a banana and , peeling the skin , made her way toward the larger entrance of the bungalow , which invited in a panoramic view of the bay .
` ` a banana . ''
she was n't proud of herself for clinging to flynn like the peel on a banana , but that howl had totally freaked her out .
` ` especially the banana , you devil , you . ''
` ` there was a banana in there ? ''
and i love bananas . ''
he held up the bottle of wine , a banana , and an apple .
when neil decided the time was right , he jammed the banana up jared 's ass .
when he stood , jared thumped to the floor and lay there , an apple in one end and a banana in the other .
a cold door was nothing when a woman was looking at your c*ck as if she 'd just been served a banana split .
remember the banana ?
would n't you like- '' ` ` i do n't want your banana ! ''
` ` keep your banana to yourself ! ''
she could n't remember the last time she 'd allowed herself the luxury of sitting in a coffee shop with the newspaper , a steaming hot cappuccino , and a banana - nut muffin .
` ` i need to go find a banana somewhere . ''
a banana , a bottle of electrolyte - filled water , and an espresso shot later , lydia felt about fifty percent back to normal .
he 'd forgotten to start the rice in time , and so he served the oven - fried chicken with sliced bananas and chunks of cheese .
selecting a banana from the fruit bowl on the kitchen counter , she ate that while reheating a cup of coffee in the microwave .
the last thing she 'd eaten had been that banana at breakfast .
the other had darkened to the color of a rotten banana , a slit of glittering black visible in the puffed flesh .
instead he pictured melanie opening her petals to him , and himself as the banana in the fruit bowl .
i mashed the leftover crumbs from the banana bread we requested for dessert with my finger and then licked them off .
i blend them with bananas to make smoothies .
for years you ' ve been telling me to marry a rich old man with one foot in the grave and the other on a banana peel .
you went bananas over the black lace , and the jungle goddess , and the leather- '' he tugged a little harder on her scarf , wanting her close enough so no one else could hear , and close enough to kiss those lips that did n't have a trace of lipstick on them .
` ` i went bananas over you , '' he murmured .
the louse is probably sitting at my mother 's kitchen table right now , eating banana bread and telling her how much he loves the family . ''
or maybe a mashed - up banana ? ''
` ` i draw the line at mashing up bananas . ''
` ` i 'll forget about the bananas if you let me have a bath and wash my hair . ''
i did n't exactly know what to make of that , but then the flight attendant returned with a banana , a granola bar , and some ibuprofen .
lauren peels her banana without taking her eyes off ally .
she sticks her banana in her mouth and maneuvers it in and out like she 's speaking some sexual morse code .
she holds out her banana , then proceeds to take a rather deep - throat inspired bite of the phallic fruit in question .
lauren said it was like a banana , so i ' m actually sort of disappointed .
yogurt , a banana and some type of forgettable roll .
turkey on wheat with mustard , an apple , and a bottle of water ; he had the same thing every day , after the exact same breakfast of oatmeal , scrambled egg whites , and a banana .
he did n't know what kind of yogurt lisa referred to when she said she wanted ` ` the one with the blue banana . ''
` ` music like that does n't just grow like bananas , you know . ''
realizing she was hungry as well , she chose a banana from the fruit bowl and went back to the living room .
` ` i just had a banana . ''
denise filled a small plastic basket with the few things she needed - milk , oatmeal , cheese , eggs , bread , bananas , cheerios , macaroni and cheese , ritz crackers , and candy ( for working with kyle ) -then went to the register .
by the way she was acting , you 'd think i had one foot in the grave and another on a banana peel . ''
` ` ruby elizabeth bridge , you do n't have the sense god gave a banana slug .
the woman was frying bananas at the kitchen stove , tilting the frying pan from one side to the other to spread the butter .
` ` fried bananas ? ''
` ` yes , mon , fried bananas , wot you tink ? ''
` ` them fried bananas . ''
she moved the pan to an unlighted burner , forked one of the bananas onto a dish and handed fork and dish to ollie .
he speared the banana , swallowed it almost whole .
ollie had called from downtown right after he 'd spoken to mr michael and then again to the lady who 'd offered him another banana , asking carella to wait for him , he 'd be right there .
i went back to my lady who cooks fried bananas ... '' ` ` huh ? ''
` ` a lady in the project , her name is sarah crawford , she cooks great fried bananas . ''
she retrieved the knife , rinsed it and then focused on cutting bite - size pieces of bananas , grapes and cheese without severing a digit .
rhett chose that moment to cackle with glee and squish bananas through his fingers .
and then the little urchin clutched fistfuls of his hair , moussing the silky strands with the banana mush .
she jogged in place at a hand - carved wooden stop sign and waited for a banana - yellow lamborghini to pass .
she sighed before carrying her bowl to the table where she sat down opposite him and watched as he sprinkled the flakes into her bowl , topping the dry cereal with strawberry halves and banana slices that he must have cut before she came downstairs .
` ` but we used bananas .
you 're bigger than my banana . ''
this place has bananas and all kinds of fruit .
lan shoved the bananas into the small storage shed dane and cooper had built .
he knew their son liked rice cereal , and that jessa had just started him on mashed banana .
i mean , i thought i was being shot at , but only because i knew nicole was bananas .
i put on the coffee , grabbed a cup of yogurt from the refrigerator because that was fast , and ate it while i popped two slices of whole wheat bread into the toaster and peeled a banana .
` ` i could have done this by hand much faster if i 'd known this stupid machine was going to go bananas , but all of my files are in the computer .
the small fridge held a few bottles of water and i took one out and grabbed a banana from the basket of fruit he had sitting on top of the fridge before walking out to sit in the sunshine .
savannah could still remember coming here as a child and thinking it was like a christmas fantasy , with the lights on the eaves and in the branches of the evergreens outside , a fire blazing in the living room and the aroma of banana - nut bread and cookies drifting from the kitchen .
he coaxed her into eating the whole thing , then followed with some grapes and a banana , taking a few bites for himself .
plating everything onto the first dish he found in the cabinet , he tossed on a banana from the counter , grabbed a couple of forks , and poured them each a glass of juice .
as soon as he set her breakfast on the shiny black china , he reached into the refrigerator to pull out a cup of pineapple , bananas , and mandarin oranges .
finally they settled on fried peanut butter and banana sandwiches because it was so ridiculous that it might look new and trendy .
` ` that 'll be our fried peanut butter and banana sandwiches . ''
chapter 20 luna thought about colin 's suggestion as they ate fried peanut butter and banana sandwiches on the floor in the living room next to the window .
once the zipper 's undone , it slides off like a peel from a banana . ''
these guys are clearly bananas .
bunching my nose at his condom reference , i grip a banana and throw it at him , hard .
catching the banana with little effort , he peels it , takes a bite and walks away laughing under his breath .
i thought you 'd run away , but you did n't , and i said , ' do you like banana splits ? '
the following morning , raine chopped some nuts for a loaf of banana bread , pausing to flip on the light in the oven to check her red velvet cake .
with that , i want one piece of lightly buttered toast , a banana , and a glass of orange juice - without pulp , if you have it - sirs . ''
and then she gave me a hug and we went to get ice cream , and i just about made myself throw up eating an entire banana split .
with a big old banana right in the- ` ` hello ? ''
she yammers a steady stream of words about dad , yoga class , something involving the words ` ` vaginal ultrasound '' and ` ` banana '' and ` ` online condom site . ''
blowing out a breath of self - disgust , liza maneuvered the cart into the express line , absently placing milk and cereal and bananas on the conveyer belt .
` ` you know he 's living over there in barefoot bay , '' the checker chimed in as she started ringing up liza 's bananas .
` ` shoving bananas in tailpipes .
ethan called over the car , ` ` the banana thing was funny , you have to admit . ''
i know you would rather have been shoving bananas in tail pipes , too , and instead you had to be that responsible adult for a kid who was n't even your own . ''
not his usual wheaties with skim milk and bananas , either .
they did lots of other things there- shared a banana split at the ice - cream parlor , played air hockey at the arcade , selected fresh produce at the farmer 's market and enjoyed a late - afternoon beer at the pub - but the little community was fresh out of sophisticated gadgetry by the time they arrived .
interestingly , matthias was n't even halfway through the banana split when he forgot all about it .
matthias could n't remember the last time he 'd had a banana split , either , and he 'd certainly never shared one before , thanks to the i - got - mine mentality he 'd grown up with under his father 's misguided tutelage .
kendall was n't sure when the line between her and matthias disappeared , whether it had happened just now , or during the banana split , or when she finally quit , or if it had happened years ago at a point she did n't even notice .
` ` da - da , '' little ginny hudson said happily as simon spread a mashed banana and some cheerios on the plate of her high chair .
she leaned over and kissed her darling daughter on the head , ginny 's face already covered in mashed banana .