then there 's broccoli and cheese casserole , green beans , and some cornbread , extra crispy on the edges just like megan loves it . ''
finding fifty ways to prepare beans and rice .
fila followed with a basket of biscuits in one hand and a bowl of green beans in the other .
canned soup would work for the short term , she decided , but when she found dried beans in the kitchen pantry and onions in a cold storage room in the basement of the cabin , she decided to start a homemade soup for later .
she took a bowl from the cupboard , aware of his gaze raking her again , and filled it with the bean soup she 'd kept simmering all day .
fried chicken , mashed potatoes , gravy , and green beans .
they sat down and it was chaos for a long time while everyone dug into the delicious food , piling their plates high with creamy potatoes , ham , asparagus with a tangy lemon sauce , crisp green beans , salad , biscuits and a rice dish loaded with cheese , sesame seeds and raisins .
` ` jelly beans ?
and these are n't just any jelly beans , these are jelly bellys .
if you decline , you have to eat a handful of jelly beans .
` ` and why is eating a handful of jelly beans punishment ? ''
i said , glancing toward clare as she settled into a pink bean bag chair on the floor with the massive bowl of jelly beans wedged in her lap .
i heard her say , before turning back around to get a jelly bean tossed at my head .
i 'd known this woman for all of three seconds and she had told me i suck and was chucking jelly beans at my head .
like i said , my mom and dad live nearby , which is a blessing because they help with maddie quite a bit , '' she explained as she fiddled with the jelly beans in the bowl .
` ` pass me those jelly beans . ''
~clare~ ` ` okay , so no family questions , '' i said , raising my hands in defeat as he began stuffing a hand full of jelly beans in his mouth all at the same time .
` ` besides jelly beans ? ''
` ` and you gave me crap for liking jelly beans ?
i dug through the bowl , looking for the jelly beans i needed .
i finally found the winning combination of jelly beans and handed them over for him to try .
he popped the three jelly beans in his mouth and chewed , and i became mesmerized with his mouth , suddenly wondering what he tasted like .
he asked as he finished off his jelly beans , pulling me out of my edible logan fantasy .
` ` that was incredibly embarrassing , '' i admitted , after i swallowed my handful of jelly beans .
i hoped this question would n't be bypassed with jelly beans .
` ` jelly beans , they 're worse than booze .
you devoured half a bowl of jelly beans to avoid that family question last week . ''
the sugar addict in me also noticed the cookies , brownies and ... .jelly beans ?
and the jelly beans during our picnic ... and now i was thinking about the picnic again .
instead , and much to her delight , they were served a salad with barbecued chicken , string beans , cornbread and macaroni salad .
ransom looked up from the plate on which he 'd been piling chicken , roast beef and string beans .
an hour later , after a hearty meal of feijado black bean stew and deep fried pasteis filled with cod fish , the party set off again , this time with ridge sitting up front beside aurelio .
it was just a simple breakfast - style burrito we had pre - made for the journey : scrambled eggs , spinach , black beans , and cheese all rolled neatly into a whole wheat tortilla .
sophia rang through the meager groceries : three tins of no - name brand baked beans , the cheapest loaf of bread the store sold , and some sausages with a ` ` sell by today '' clearance sticker .
` ` i ' ve been living on hospital food and canned beans for the past week . ''
rosie had made a plate of ham , potato salad , beans , cornbread , and a nice salad .
the garlic roasted chicken breast with russet potatoes , green beans with almonds , and a small garden salad filled her stomach .
green beans .
` ` green beans okay with you ? ''
` ` dad , you want green beans ? ''
do you want green beans ? ''
jessica opened a can of mushed green beans for timothy 's dinner .
as soon as she walked in , she was assailed by the smell of freshly ground coffee beans and something else that leaned toward the sweet side but she could n't quite place the scent .
` ` i had a package of jelly beans during intermission . ''
taking my feet off his lap , i stood up so i could bend over and feed him another spoonful of hunt 's pork and beans - the ultimate classic example of canned food .
oh , green beans .
tula 's delighted laughter spilled out around him as simon wiped green beans from his face .
last night at dinner , simon had looked so darn cute with green beans on his face that she had n't been able to stop herself from giving in to the impulse to kiss him .
sometimes it was hard to think of ways how to turn canned green beans into something edible , but i think i did a pretty good job .
there was a pile of what looked like canned beans in a red sauce , fried tomato slices , strips of what looked like ham , and fried eggs .
will smirked at me from across the table and laughed when i tried some of the beans .
we began loading our plates with food : turkey , cranberry sauce , gravy , baked yams , string beans , brussels sprouts , and garlic mashed potatoes .
another uniformed staff in a hairnet dishes out the vegetables : green beans , carrots and a graying sludge that she calls mashed potato .
sean reached for a nacho loaded with beans and cheese , then popped it into his mouth , crunching with a grin on his face .
` ` applesauce , asparagus , beets , '' he murmured in amused disbelief , ` ` cauliflower , cheerios , flour , jello , beans ... '' he looked at ted .
ted asked , shoving the cans of beans aside and seizing it .
` ` the famed arabian coffee ... a brew of lightly roasted special beans and cardamom .
we sat down to an aunt caroline specialty : pork chops and a crunchy sweet potato casserole with a side of green beans .
i was afraid that if i fell asleep i would wake up the next day and find out that it had all been a hallucination caused by some bad bean dip .
next to the frying pan on the stovetop , lexi warmed a can of refried beans and began the messy job of chopping the lettuce , tomatoes , and onions .
he 'd opened a bag of fresh string beans and he was preparing to wash and julienne .
` ` you taste like sugar , '' he murmured against her lips , threading his fingers through her hair , ` ` and coffee beans . ''
after he dropped the slotted spoon in the green beans three times , his aunt trudy took his plate from him and not only spooned up his beans for him , but went down the whole line , loading him up with eats .
after he dropped the slotted spoon in the green beans three times , his aunt trudy took his plate from him and not only spooned up his beans for him , but went down the whole line , loading him up with eats .
i think this will complement our spin on boston beans and bacon . ''
her clam chowder was declared sublime , her boston beans on toast less aesthetic but still tasty .
he puts some beans and water in the machine and starts it .
i fill the machine with extra coffee beans and water and turn it on .
the low hum of it grinding the beans is an odd relaxant to me .
she 'd served the food , a pale - looking meat loaf , gravy on the side , mashed potatoes and green beans , piling each plate with generous portions .
she ca n't cook for beans anyway and i 'd much rather eat here . ''
my brief moment of victory was stomped on when mom got up to go get the rest of the dishes for the main course of her fabulous pork chops , mashed potatoes and garlic green beans .
an hour later , i was inhaling enchiladas with pico de gallo , and a black bean and corn salad , and the german chocolate cake was baking in the oven .
were there beans on the buffet ?
better go fill up on beans and broccoli before you leave .
no guy can resist a burrito packed with meat , beans , cheese and guacamole .
green beans wrapped in bacon .
true to his word , there was brie , and he set it out along with a selection of crackers and fruit that we nibbled on as he went about making dinner , cutting the ends off the green beans , testing the potatoes in the oven , seasoning the steaks .
i 'd been eating one of the bean and cheese burritos , and now i choked .
beside it you will find hand - made garlic mashed potatoes and green beans . ''
he took a bite , and then told me to open again , feeding me potatoes , thick and strong with garlic , and then green beans , buttery and crisp .
` ` roast duck with cepes and green beans .
it was the comfortable living room of the luxurious establishment , a place where travelers , locals , and tourists alike lounged on deep couches and chairs and sipped premium coffees that had been individually prepared with chicory - roasted beans .
the food was decent and fairly healthy , even if the green beans were flavored with bacon fat .
` ` from one prison to another , '' i muttered , poking at the remains of my green beans .
but never because she was a laughing bean .
she took the braised chicken out of the microwave and sat down with the plate , eagerly taking a bite of the savory chicken and crisp green beans .
she added a few apples and a couple cans of green beans , but that was about the extent of her shopping budget for the week .
they were able to sit down for dinner at the tiny table to a fresh salad , marinated green beans and roasted chicken with some sort of herbs that tantalized .
there was a cold fruity soup that tasted better than i expected , followed by a rice dish with beans and coconut , served with seafood , including some breaded fish of some kind .
` ` we roast our own beans , '' a sign proclaimed , and dalton could smell the truth of it - the typical scents of sour and burnt - before he turned into the asphalt parking lot .
` ` i made your favorite , beef roast and green beans . ''
he loved the way she made beans , with garlic and that squeeze of lemon juice .
we spent a good portion of that sunday afternoon at his mother 's house , eating roasted chicken with carrots and green beans and big helpings of rice .
` ` so if we get the standard shitty rubberized banquet chicken , overcooked green beans , and warm cheesecake , i 'll be pissed . ''
a bag of whole kona coffee beans .
their ronin - approved , healthy , three - course dinner consisted of miso soup , poached fish in persimmon sauce , and a skewer of rice balls covered in sweet red bean paste .
` ` cool beans .
or beans ground up and passed off as burgers .
kade tossed in a can of beans in the enamel pot .
` ` did n't you tell grama you 'd pick green beans this morning ? ''
or his recipe for cowboy beans , which actually is- '' ` ` chili , '' they said in unison , and then laughed in unison .
india took out two jars of pureed green beans and two jars of carrots and put them in a shallow pan of water already on the stove .
shannie managed to eat half her jar of beans , the rest she sprayed all over india .
` ` cool beans . ''
` ` you can cook me up some bacon and some beans . ''
she dished up kfc mashed potatoes and gravy , coleslaw , green beans and macaroni salad .
the molten look in his eyes when he murmured , ` ` i ' m havin ' you for dessert , '' almost had her skipping the three layer chocolate cake with vanilla bean creme freche .
as soon as she finished her meal , she felt like she 'd swallowed a bowl of mexican jumping beans .
think on the fairness of how we 're raising beef for other folks to eat , while your grandkids and the future of this ranch are eatin ' canned beans and powdered milk because that 's the only food i can afford to buy for my family . ''
in fact , when she discovered the jambalaya was gone , she simply got her big cast iron skillet and made red beans and rice , a relatively simple dish that made suro rock back in his seat , it was so good .
grace alexander flinched at selena 's overly loud voice in the small new orleans cafe where they sat , finishing up their lunch of red beans and rice .
the spices from the red beans had finally seeped into her brain and turned it to mush .
nick let out a tired breath as he raked his plastic fork through the beans .
she motioned the bartender over and ordered red beans and rice for ash .
` ` you can pay for the red beans and rice with that , and if you have another beer , you better take a cab home too .
the bartender returned with ash 's red beans and rice .
talon watched the graceful gestures of her hands as she cut into her garbanzo bean salad and ate it .
zarek grabbed a can of pork and beans and his can opener and sat down on the floor .
` ` ah , great , '' he muttered as he opened the can to find the beans frozen solid inside .
he was n't so hungry that a pork and beans popsicle appealed to him .
you got any more frozen beans for me ?
she followed her usual habit of stopping in at the cafe pontalba and getting four plates of red beans and rice with cokes to go , then taking the meals down to an alley off of royal street where many of the homeless were known to congregate .
the afternoon went by fast as theresa warmed up the food she 'd brought and they had a good lunch of ham , potatoes , gravy , and green beans , with pecan pie for dessert .
andy walked in with a tray that carried a bottled coke , water , and a plate filled with chicken , roasted potatoes , and green beans .
` ` beans equals knuckles ? ''
after two weeks straight of dried - out chicken legs , mealy instant potatoes , and beans from a can , i politely offered to cook dinner one night , as a thank - you to her .
ginny gave me two folded twenty - dollar bills and a grocery list with three items : two pounds of chicken thighs , five boxes of instant mashed potatoes , and seven 14 - ounce cans of heinz baked beans in tomato sauce .
and yet she still gives me a list with chicken , potatoes , and beans , even though i ' ve now stopped buying them .
i put together a baked bean casserole , and quinn began frying the potatoes .
mr . cataliades explained that he and diantha had recalled an errand in town , and after we 'd shared hamburgers and french fries and beans and watermelon , they took off .
each of us had a heaping bowlful of the ground meat , beans , sauce , and chopped peppers , and i shared out the bag of tortilla chips to use in scooping up the mixture .
the food was a thick soup of vegetables , beans and barley , and it filled tristran and contented him .
a tin of green beans ?
if the bland , environmentally conscious packaging had n't told me what was in it , the heavenly scent of ground beans would have .
ribs , hot dogs , macaroni salad , baked beans , and chips .
yawning , she filled the coffeepot with synthetic coffee beans and water .
` ` swear to god , he 's a piece of shit who would trade his mother for a bean burger . ''
he had just enough beans for a full pot .
more muscled , taller , and hell , he would not have been surprised to see beans and franks .
vika found green beans , peas , carrots , and potatoes , and mixed them all together .
now we just call it ` ` millenium , '' and it is a stretch of bare land and several rusted metal sculptures - one an abstract , plated mammoth , another shaped like a lima bean that dwarfs me in size .
she shrugs and takes a can of beans from edward , plunging her spoon into it .
says lynn , stabbing a string bean with her fork .
` ` i know the business , but are you sure you would n't like someone with more- '' ` ` i ' ve got enough experience for the both of us , '' he says , shrugging as he spears a green bean .
but i 'll be the first one to say that there were entirely too many franks and beans on that beach . ''
the basket was full of goodies for the new camp : rice and beans , a bottle of wine for us to celebrate with , and a long , distinctly phallic sausage .
the other girl did n't like bell , though , and said she smelled like beans .
it did n't amount to a hill of pinto beans ; her father would n't let her anywhere near the sacred structure .
she gave me a tiny smile as she started to grind coffee beans .
i ' m bringing my world famous three cheese and bean dip ! ''
she said excitedly as though the world 's problems could be solved with cheese and bean dip .
she placed a loving hand on my shoulder , offering a gentle squeeze as she went back to the green beans simmering on the stove .
` ` the green beans need to go into this pot here , '' she said , pitching her head to the side to gesture to it .
i caught aly 's eye from where she was rinsing off the green beans at the sink .
they refused to give up , fighting so hard against mike that i felt like a sack of beans on the backseat of a minivan driving off - road .
she laughs , reaching over with one hand to grab her purse and rummage for the bag of jelly beans she always carries .
i eat another jelly bean and change the subject .
i reach for my bag of jelly beans .
lentils and beans , too .
* * * as expected , the dusty pantry held nothing but tins of cat food and baked beans , but a rummage in the dark utility room yielded more : salt - and - vinegar crisps , a box of trifle sponges , some long - life milk , and - the real prize - a half - full bottle of gin .
the culprit was probably a calabar bean , a native of africa .
after foraging through tys refrigerator , cabinets , and pantry , he d come up with barbecue pork chops , green beans , a piece of a loaf of asiago bread from the bakery down the street , and now he was making mashed potatoes .
` ` they do n't over roast the beans like starbucks . ''
` ` i thought they over roasted their beans , '' ty grumbled .
you get three different things and a side of rice and beans . ''
she makes tracks in the beans and mixes the rice around before burrowing holes in her wet burrito .
she pulls me by the hand until we 're inside the warmth of the coffee house where the air is thick with the scent of heavenly - roasted beans .
` ` this is our mojito marinated halibut with mango , avocado and black bean salsa , served with the 2009 midsummer 's white .
i give up , eat half a bag of jelly beans , leaving the black ones because they suck , and head to the shower to wash the shit that was this day off of me .
it consisted of a prime roast of beef cooked rare , sliced potatoes baked in milk , cream , garlic and layered with cheese , thick , meaty gravy , yorkshire pudding and green beans tossed in butter and bits of crisp bacon .
and her tray , incidentally , consisted of two eggs over easy on what looked like two fried pieces of bread and sat next to a pile of baked beans , a pile of sauteed mushrooms , two rashers of bacon , two huge sausages and two patties of some kind of meat that was black .
the kitchen was relatively clean , the chicken in the oven staying warm , the green beans in their water , the warm homemade biscuits wrapped up in a clean tea towel .
they had something to shut debbie down , now and forever , dusty would grow the f**king cocoa beans .
i also bought an apple pie and vanilla bean ice cream for dessert . ''
another recipe i 'd fiddled with , yellow cake with crushed up bars of gourmet dark chocolate baked in them and vanilla bean frosting that was simply orgasmic .
the au gratin potatoes were already cooking in the oven and he made london broil and green beans and he had fresh bakery rolls to go with .
we ate his chops with my homemade potato salad and blanched green beans tossed in sesame dressing .
conner moved to the pantry asking , ` ` do we need refried beans ? ''
` ` told her a week ago , dad , '' conner stated , using a can opener on a can of refried beans .
but if you would do that not shouting the house down , i wo n't attempt to get you to eat green beans tonight . ''
we ' ve had some green beans come in ! ''
green beans just got jotted on the menu .
i roasted a piece of beef , somehow pulled off potatoes dauphenois and boiled green beans which i was serving with fresh bread from the bakery and , after , my homemade pecan pie with cream for dessert .
` ` finnie , '' he said softly , i turned my eyes to him and held up the bowl of green beans .
mags set a bowl of what looked to be tofu , black beans and barley liberally mixed with onions and parsley , an enormous salad and a bowl of spiced cous cous on the table .
since she was no longer there and the only things prentice could cook that did n't taste crap were cheese on toast , beans on toast and toad in the hole , takeaway was a staple for the cameron family .
` ` how about green beans ? ''
i trimmed the green beans ready to be blanched .
` ` i was going to make steaks , green beans and au gratin potatoes .
lee looked up at the waitress and ordered a diet pop for me , an iced tea for him , his burritos and my bean tostada and burrito chicharrone smothered with lettuce and cheese .
his mom had cooked homemade tamales , spanish rice , refried beans and made a salad .
the rice and beans were in a divided crock pot , the salad in the fridge and the tamales staying warm in the oven .
i 'd made chicken fried steak , an enormous mound of mashed potatoes , peppered white gravy and green beans .
ada asked , passing eddie the green beans .
` ` black bean dip , '' the bartender announced , oblivious to the public foreplay , pul ing us out of the moment and putting a bowl of dip and some corn chips in between our beers .
we walked back to the kitchen and i ground the beans and made a pot of coffee .
they had kickass black bean dip there but i did not suggest this to riley who would likely find that suggestion a disappointing testament to lack of motivation for healthy living mojo .
good old roast beef carved right on the spot , potatoes , maybe some of them fancy green beans and f**kin ' weddin ' cake .
right as he was trying to work it all out , table eight decided they each had a complicated special order - no refried beans here , extra guacamole there , so on and so forth - and mateo was too busy to do anything but hurry back and forth between his tables and the kitchen for the next half hour .
but it was a quiet night at the restaurant , and instead of the bedlam she 'd expected , they were surrounded by the murmurs of conversation at the few tables that were occupied , and delicious smells - black beans , roast chicken , fresh - cut tomatoes .
the food the cdc handed out was like the stuff she 'd sometimes put aside for a church food drive , then take back because it seemed cruel to foist it off on poor people : brick cheese , rice , beans , pasta , and lots of canned food , usually food you did n't even want when fresh , like beets .
i could n't identify anything except for the rice and beans ; the oddest looking were plates of glistening fried dough balls of some sort , and a dish of some white fleshy vegetable smothered in sauce and onions .
when we finished dinner , we left the building loaded with styrofoam boxes full of plantains and beans to spare .
french sliced green beans ?
` ` oh , we ' ve had a riot or two around here in the past month , '' mary informed him as she inserted the funnel in the boiler , then filled it with espresso beans she had ground that morning .
gabe was pulling up a stool at the kitchen counter when she grabbed a bag of beans from a small pantry along the way and shook out a couple of beans .
gabe was pulling up a stool at the kitchen counter when she grabbed a bag of beans from a small pantry along the way and shook out a couple of beans .
` ` i have more beans , '' she said .
he could easily reach the bag of beans on the top shelf , but he had n't realized just how small the kitchen would be when two people were in it .
as if she needed something to do with her hands , too , megan picked up the bag he 'd dropped on the counter and poured beans into the coffee maker .
his back was to her and from the loud sounds coming from the room , she quickly guessed that he was grinding coffee beans .
he finished grinding the beans and turned to her , looking as if he 'd known all along that she was there .
she found it , next to a crock - pot full of freshly ground beans .
jim headed back to the kitchen , and was gob smacked to find adrian in an apron , sitting at the kitchen table , cutting green beans with a crystal dagger like he was performing heart surgery .
wheeling away , he took a seat across from ad and watched the guy make a pile of cut green beans in a white enameled pot full of water .
before , when the destination had been just a hypothetical and she 'd been so very , very much younger on so many levels , the eternal resting place in the stars had been nothing but jelly beans and jujubes , and endless sunday sleep - ins , and every movie that john hughes had made on a loop .
there 's pancakes , eggs cooked two ways , bacon , sausage , paella , buttered flatbread , spicy baked beans , tortillas , baked tomatoes , pan - fried garlic mushrooms , cubes of potato sauteed in butter , freshly made salsa , and quiche .
` ` we ' ve got bottled water , cup - a - soup , hot - chocolate mix , biscuits , cooked rice , granola bars , crackers and cheese , chewing gum , chicken pate , orange - drink powder , a tin of tuna fish , fruit snacks , pork and beans and some condiments . ''
chapter eight they 'd eaten the pork and beans for dinner and then drank some water , but now that the sun had gone down , they sat in the pitch - black , chewing gum and talking to keep their spirits up .
the fat bean counter was neutralized .
the waitress appeared almost immediately to hand them laminated menus and rattle off the specials - meat loaf , mashed potatoes and green beans , with banana cream pie for dessert , for $ 11.99 .
` ` i ' m tired of bean with bacon . ''
it listed the menu on a chalkboard , boasted of selling only fair - trade coffee , used organic beans and offered chai and other options .
` ` i ' ve got steaks and barbecue beans and corn , '' his mother said .
she 'd eaten and slept so little over the past week , and she 'd mostly picked at the tri tip , mashed potatoes and green beans colin and tiffany had served .
she asked as she dished up the turkey , stuffing , mashed potatoes and green bean casserole she 'd made during the previous two days .
he knew she 'd heard him come in when she hollered to say there was some coleslaw in the fridge to go with the rolls , and ribs and barbecue beans waiting in the oven .
as he boils a scoop of rice or beans or whatever else he got in the bargain bin .
and without saying a word , he ducked back down to examine a bag of beans .
that 's like ... purple green beans . ''
` ` there are purple green beans .
heather shoved a bowl of green beans into georgie 's arm .
salmon with jasmine rice and steamed green beans .
canned corn , peas , sloppy joe sauce , powdered milk , rice , kidney beans , and vegetable oil .
lauren confirmed , ` ` complete with turkey , stuffing , green beans and pie .
more beans .
` ` i like vanilla bean .
i found a couple steaks , an opened package of bacon , half an onion and a can of beans .
in the freezer was a pack of sausage and some frozen green beans .
after separating some for the beans and some for the green beans , i mixed in onions and sausage to half of it .
after separating some for the beans and some for the green beans , i mixed in onions and sausage to half of it .
when the meat was fully cooked and the onions browned , i poured in the can of beans .
i fried the green beans in bacon and a few diced pieces of onion , while broiling the steaks .
after taking a green bean out of the pan and popping it into his mouth , he kissed me on the nose .
there ai n't no way in hell that i would eat liquid beans instead of beef . ''
` ` i would have been fine with hot dogs and beans . ''
a field of soy beans was to my right .
besides the meat , i 'd prepared homemade mashed potatoes and his favorite garlic green beans .
sky was making us dinner and i honestly did n't care if it was hotdogs and beans , because i was that hungry .
she tried to remind herself that she had a perfectly proportioned piece of poached salmon and unbuttered green beans at home waiting for her .
` ` like ' sweet dick ' or ' pork and beans . ' ''
twenty - two looked so delighted suddenly that i dropped my eyes to my plate and concentrated on eating my beans .
a loaf of bread , a package of coffee beans and a plastic bag filled with lettuce lay scattered on the dock .
he tossed a sizable quantity of cooked garbanzo beans into the food processor and added tahini , lemon juice , and a bit of garlic .
` ` some kinda bean dip ? ''
the voice came from the next aisle over , the one labeled canned veg and beans .
she wheeled her cart around the corner and started down canned veg and beans .
she whipped the cart around and headed for the checkout counter , leaving sandra and megan still tangled up in canned veg and beans .
dishes were brought and passed around the table : roast beef and mashed potatoes , green beans , corn , iced tea and lemonade .
probably freshly ground , using beans ethically sourced from an organic farm that used sustainable growing and harvesting techniques , this being summer river and all .
a squishy gob of sour cream and black beans glued itself to my left thigh .
sean led the way down the bewildering array of colorful offerings to a row of coffee in cans plus bins of coffee beans at the end of the aisle .
the fried potatoes , beans , and eggs she was whipping up for breakfast chilaquiles would be even better .
juliana relaxed as soon as she found priti in the kitchen garden - priti was talking to the goat tethered out of reach of the runner beans , and feeding it oatcakes .
the rail car had split open at the top , like a can of bad beans , and creatures poured out , climbing onto its roof .
at dinner dad would pass him a casserole dish of green beans , and peter would immediately demand to know whether his mother had liked them .
she scanned the rows of canned foods until she found the beans , then the packages of hot dogs and graham crackers , orange soda and dog biscuits , handing them over one by one until all of it was balanced in peter 's scrawny arms .
` ` this 'll look nice on you , '' the guy said to emma , folding the sweatshirt into a plastic bag alongside the can of beans .
there were buckets of saltwater taffy , bins full of jelly beans , and a glass case with more than a dozen different kinds of fudge .
flames of throbbing pain shot through her hand as her bones crunched together , sounding like someone grinding coffee beans for their morning brew .
i peeled the aluminum foil off the plate of amarillos , beans , and an empanada .
it took him a moment to realize he 'd broken a door with his body and now sat on the floor of the pantry with cans of kidney beans rolling into his lap .
it called for dried rosemary leaves , sea salt , garlic powder , and dried black beans .
opening a huge picnic basket , he doled out china plates , crystal glasses , silverware , and linen napkins , along with a variety of sandwiches and containers of potato salad , baked beans , coleslaw , dill pickles , and olives .
my last meal as a human was black beans and brown bread .
not that he did n't enjoy hunting as much as the next vampire , but he remembered all too clearly the taste of mortal food : hamburgers and french fries , chicken and mashed potatoes smothered in gravy , beans and rice , apple pie .
` ` she 's fixing country - fried steak and sweet potatoes and green beans she put up last year , for lunch , '' i added , knowing that would distract jason a little bit .
they never made a positive mark on the world , or amounted to a hill of beans , to my way of thinking .
a picture of the last supper hung above the television set , and the whole house smelled pleasantly of red beans and rice and cornbread .
it was my week to cook , and we were going to have hamburger steak , baked potatoes , and green beans .
i fixed baked apples stuffed with raisins and cinnamon and butter and popped them in to bake and i flavored some canned green beans and some canned corn and put them on low heat .
i told sam this bit of local history after we 'd ordered country - fried steak with green beans and rice .
he enjoyed his hamburger helper and green beans and strawberries .
` ` it was nice seeing you , candace , '' jared shouts over to me while i ' m grinding the coffee beans .
looking up at her while i ' m refilling the coffee beans in the grinder , i say , ` ` you have met him .
securing the burlap bag with the remaining beans , i tell her , ` ` that guy that came in the other day , the one you said was hot . ''
but the flour , sugar , and coffee beans were just left in their sacks without so much as a light shield to keep the bugs out , and they were the only food items .
` ` you or some other member of your family has been eating mrs . beale 's young beans .
i sat back down , offering a handful of jelly beans to holly , which she shook her head at .
i swallowed my jelly beans .
i popped another handful of jelly beans into my mouth .
the jelly beans congealed in my throat and lodged there .
and , well ... '' ` ` my ass should be a little smaller , '' i completed for her , placing the jelly beans back on the shelf and straightening up , lengthening my frame and pulling in my tummy .
farm in iowa where i could grow my own salads and put up jars of jam and beans for us to survive the hard , lean winter ?
` ` i ' m a- i ' m a big fan , '' he stuttered , his neck and ears going the color of a kidney bean .
chapter eleven marge was right about her baked beans ; they were sensational .
did someone want more of my baked beans ? ''
i ' ve got these beans over here , an old secret family recipe , you know ... '' and just like that , my mother was whisked away to the buffet table , and had a paper plate heaped with secret family recipe beans in her hand before i could even say a word .
i ' ve got these beans over here , an old secret family recipe , you know ... '' and just like that , my mother was whisked away to the buffet table , and had a paper plate heaped with secret family recipe beans in her hand before i could even say a word .
` ` nope , we used that one last week when sammy davis jr . got into the jelly beans . ''
dishes of buttery mashed potatoes , bowls of green beans and sweet potatoes , crowned by a perfectly roasted turkey .
i yawned as i measured the beans for the grinder .
we moved about the kitchen with quiet economy , grinding beans , measuring coffee , pouring water .
tex - mex at st . sophia 's meant tortillas and beans and peppers and cheese , so it was usually easy to whip up something meat - free .
there was a veggie version of the ` ` stew '' that included beans and rice and some kind of polygon - shaped green thing that did n't look all that edible .
tonight they were serving burgers - the meaty kind for scout and black bean for me .
in the infield of a ring of green place mats lay bowls of green beans , corn , mashed potatoes , squash casserole , macaroni and cheese .
` ` those better have been good beans . ''
` ` we 'd serve you up with fava beans and a nice chianti . ''
craig , better swing by sam 's club on the way home so we can stock up on beans and spam . ''
gran chuckled , moving around cole to place spoons in the baked beans and potato salad .
logan was at the table , devouring a plate of pork chops , mashed potatoes and green beans while mom and gran were talking over hot tea .
i grabbed a plate and piled it high with fried chicken , mashed potatoes , and green beans .
the smell of fresh - roasted coffee beans flooded the space .
but all she could do was pick at the sage and rosemary chicken breast , sauteed green beans , and garlic mashed potatoes .
she cut a slice of chicken , stacked it with a cut green bean , and bathed it in mashed potatoes - the perfect bite .
a waiting spit had been erected , a pot in which beans , onions and savory herbs cooked .
she ate the savory beans and venison like she had n't eaten for a week .
he glanced over at the campsite where all four captors sat with plates on knees eating goat and beans .
he had three different coffeepots , a french press , a grinder , and six pounds of beans in various roasts and varieties .
brittany sipped her mojito and delicately reached for a bean with her fork .
it did n't matter if it was the sweltering heat of august or the bitter cold of january , there was always coffee brewing , and i enjoyed standing in front of the pot watching the drip , drip , trying to puzzle out how water could so readily pick up the flavor of the beans in such a short amount of time .
it smelled like roasted beans and hipster .
i wanted to eat my weight in christmas cookies and green bean casserole .
when we sat down to dinner my grandmother 's green bean casserole looked like worms crawling across a patch of wet grass .
chapter sixteen regan rushed around her dining room , checking on the placement of the food as the caterers deposited heaping trays of seafood gumbo , jambalaya , red beans and rice , king cakes , and pralines on the massive table she had bought the week before .
he was in the kitchen pouring beans into the coffeemaker .
it was just in the pantry all of a sudden , a nice bag of freshly ground beans , french roast blend .
just coffee beans .
i have ... er ... three pieces of bread , a tin of beans , six packets of crisps , a chocolate biscuit , and a bit of mouldy cheese .
i watch as he pulls out various ingredients - ground beef , kidney beans , tomatoes , pepper , onion ... ` ` what are you doing ? ''
he asks , opening the can of kidney beans .
` ` would you like the rice and beans ?
or the rice and beans ? ''
` ` uh , guess i 'll have the beans and rice . ''
liam tore open the prepacked beans and rice , dipping in his spork .
he looked down into the mix of beans and rice , stirring slowly .
dinner consisted of ella marsden 's apricot chicken , mashed potatoes , and green beans , and cara could n't believe how delicious the meal was .
` ` can you pass the green beans , cara ? ''
steak , potatoes and green beans .
finally he took pity on her and opened the correct canister , removed the beans and ground them .
a quick glance told him the coffeemaker was state - of - the - art and his favorite flavored beans were sitting beside the appliance along with a note .
thousands of dollars in tuition and all we had to eat was strange meatloaf , potatoes ( because it was maine , after all ) green beans and small slivers of dry cake .
' course she likes bread and sausage and chicken and green beans and apples and cheese as well , '' indio continued .
` ` then call this job your repayment , '' isabel said , reaching for a carton of chicken in black bean sauce .
a few crates bearing the premiere roast emblem were scattered on the cement floor ; one had been pried open and a plastic - wrapped brick of matte white powder was visible , sitting on a bed of coffee beans .
i look up to see a cute african american boy holding out what smells suspiciously like my favorite green bean macchiato .
` ` a double - shot green bean macchiato with mocha and extra cream . ''
the thing is , ruby is n't exactly a gourmet chef , either , so we end up with rock - hard steak , lumpy mashed potatoes , and green beans that are so limp , i could knit them into a scarf .
bret was suddenly before us , kneeling down as he handed me a plate of beans , beef jerky , and a piece of bread .
i choked down the last swallow before eagerly digging into the cold baked beans that remained .
i was given a plate that consisted of canned beans and a peanut butter sandwich that looked as delicious as a steak would have .
muttering to herself , she ground fresh beans and obediently put on a pot of coffee .
two paper plates held cold fried chicken and beans and rice .
he looked so good she was afraid she might blurt out something all too revealing , so she kept quiet and just watched him as he devoured the chicken and rice and beans she 'd acquired from a small deli a few miles up the road .
` ` i did n't see any sign of calhoun , '' nicolas admitted as he mopped the last of the beans off the plate .
out popped an order of baked beans ... followed by mashed potatoes .
katie washed down a forkful of beans with her diet soda .
i never feel quite human until i ' ve had a cup of coffee in the morning and so while i stand in line , i tide myself over by inhaling the rich aroma of the freshly ground beans .
i laugh as a bean rolls out of his mouth and sits on his chin .
he moves his head left and then right , showing off his new bean mole .
and i thought my hair was bad with some loogies and a burrito bean in it .
she was snapping beans in the sink .
she lifted a big container of beans out of the sink and put it on the counter .
i take a bite of beans , acting like i ' m not having a heart attack right here at the dinner table .
she takes a monster bite of her burrito and bits of refried bean ooze out of the corners of her mouth .
i ' m still smiling as i put a green bean in my mouth .
she 's poking her refried beans with a fork , and when she looks up , she smiles .
she gestured at the dining table where croissants , toasted bread , bacon , scrambled eggs , baked beans , sausages , platters of cold meat , various fruits , and cereals were all laid out .
smiling at the sight of his tiny mate practically attacking a plate of bacon , scrambled eggs , toast , tomatoes and baked beans , trey massaged her nape .
the beef is delicious and served with roasted sweet potatoes , carrots , parsnips , and green beans .
grabbing another knife , i join him at the chopping board peeling and slicing garlic , shallots , and french beans , continually bumping against him .
and what a feast it is - smoked salmon , followed by roast partridge with a green bean salad and dauphinoise potatoes , all cooked and served by the ever - efficient natalia .
he makes us burritos with some black bean and tempeh mixture that 's in the fridge and then shows me where he keeps a secret stash of cheese in a tupperware container , and grates it on top .
as we picked over our greasy chicken breasts and bland green beans , weston cringed .
` ` pollo loco , no beans ? ''
starting with a story from our childhood , there was one time when i set my bean burrito on the bench , and travis chose that moment to see if he could jump over the back and sit beside me . ''
the place was packed , so i found us a spot to sit near brightly colored bean cushions while he got us coffee .
` ` let 's go ahead and stock up on water and canned beans . ''
` ` now , '' she was saying as she piled a second helping of green beans onto my plate , ` ` i suppose you 'll need to get set up with a doctor around here .
charlie 's mother is on the couch watching seinfeld on mute , and eating pinto beans straight from the can .
she leans forward without looking at me and slides her beans onto the coffee table .
` ` and , '' i added , ` ` half a dozen whole vanilla beans .
` ` fried plantain , mixed with manioc and red beans , '' lawrence explained , seeing my hesitation .
or might she just rest peacefully under the huckleberry jam and the sacks of dried beans until spring ?
he 'd got the bacon fried and the tinned beans simmering by the time she reappeared , a small frown between her brows .
she nodded and took the saucepan of beans he handed her , though she did n't move immediately to serve out the food .
brianna took the bean spoon , holding it like a weapon .
mr . bodley was already tottering toward them under the weight of a tea tray laden with seedcake , sponge cake , strawberry jam , marmalade , hot buttered crumpets in a basket wrapped in white linen , scones , clotted cream , almond biscuits , sardines on toast , a pot of beans baked with bacon and onion , a plate of sliced ham with gherkins , a bottle of brandy with two glasses , and - perhaps as an afterthought - a steaming teapot with two china cups and saucers alongside .
corn and beans , spiced with onions and garlic .
he reappeared quite suddenly toward sunset of the next day , while i was making a sort of pottage , using a bone - unidentifiable as to animal , but reasonably fresh , and with shreds of meat still clinging to it - given me by a patient , two wizened yams , a handful of grain , another handful of beans , and some stale bread .
by the time the kids had been extracted from the car , wiped off , and made to shake hands politely with mr . cameron , roger had come out from the back of the house and was at once drawn into a conversation about his efforts on the chapel , which went on to such an extent that it became obvious that it was supper - time , and it would have been rude not to ask him to stay ... and so brianna found herself scrambling eggs and heating beans and frying potatoes in a sort of daze , thinking of their uninvited guest under the scullery floor , who must be smelling the cooking and dying of hunger - and what on earth were they going to do with him ?
butter , cheese , beans , sausage , cloth , shoes , buttons ...
the upshot of this conversation - and many like it - was that i made an arrangement to help with the keeping of the kitchen garden in return for a share of ` ` sass '' ( as mrs . landrum puzzlingly referred to green stuff like kale and turnips ) , beans , and dried corn , as well as a small plot where i could cultivate medicinal herbs .
i gave the shelf behind me a quick glance ; it was our pantry and held the sum total of the household 's stores : a small crock of lard , cloth bags of oatmeal , flour , rice , beans , and parched corn , a braid of onions and a few dried apples , half a wheel of cheese , a little box of salt and a pepper pot , and the remains of a loaf of sugar .
and you , sassenach - if ye 're quick at the market in the morning , ye might manage to get more rice and beans , maybe a flitch of bacon ? ''
the hellers dropped me off at dad 's before heading to their vacation rental with a thawing turkey and a box full of yams , green beans , bread crumbs and cranberries .
i enter and inhale the rich scent of ground coffee beans .
no lugging the cooler , no opening a can of beans ... nothing . ''
along with the strips of meat is a helping of mash potatoes and green beans .
haley eats half of the green beans , then passes the fork to me .
the smell of dark beans and rich sweeteners fills the air .
and it was delicious with a nice chianti and some fava beans , '' she says in her best hannibal voice , making a strange sucking noise afterward .
and in the meantime , my life would be beans and rice and ramen noodles and one - room shitholes in neighborhoods that sound like war zones .
a couple of suited men sat at opposite ends of the room , lost in mobile phones and paperwork , the wall behind them offering sixteen different permutations of sausage , egg , bacon , chips and beans .
the housekeeper had prepared supper : a casserole , with potatoes and fine french beans .
the food was delicious : duck roasted with orange slices and preserved ginger , potatoes dauphinoise with green beans , all followed by a plate of cheeses .
i helped myself to green beans , trying to look more sanguine than i felt .
` ` i 'll have the double cheeseburger , fries , and a side order of baked beans , '' abby said before handing her menu to billie jean .
after opening a can of green beans and making some instant creamed potatoes , we had a southern meal in the middle of nowhere west virginia .
` ` shit , i forgot the crockpots with the baked beans , '' abby grumbled .
after piling on some tamales and beans and rice , i glanced down at the plate that antonio passed me .
i ' m teaching dallas how to do fried chicken , smashed potatoes , green beans and biscuits with gravy . ''
after eating an amazing home - cooked dinner of barbecued ribs , beans , and corn bread , we drank glasses of sweet tea .
i imagined waking up to the smell of roasting beans .
arabica beans . ''
i followed her into the dining room where drake and shane were already loading their plates down with mashed potatoes , homemade baked mac and cheese , and fresh green beans .
he asked as he pulled out the coffee beans from the freezer .
the bar top was loaded down with a buffet of foods : prime rib , french fries , green beans , mac and cheese , salad , grilled chicken breasts , and even an assortment of desserts .
he hoped randys idea was worth it , cause if he did nt get to use a toilet soon , a weeks worth of fried okra , chicken fried steak , and ham , beans and cornbread , was sure to come back up the other end .
view screen shows fuel tender opened up like a can of beans .
we sat down to a big meal of grilled lab - grown steaks and chicken , potatoes , cornbread , and green beans , and i could have sworn it was one of the most delicious meals i d ever had .
now , emotions are boiling over faster than a pot of wyatts baked beans .
he had been downing too much columbian bean juice , too .
baked beans .
i wolfed down four plates of barbecued spareribs , polish dogs in sauerkraut , and chuck wagon beans in twenty minutes , and then pulled out my phone and logged into the gmail account i had created earlier .
it came twice as often as it was due because even the best cooks printer could rustle up could manage only bacon and oatmeal and rice and beans from their chronically short rations .
the can of beans that had smacked his ankle caused more pain than damage .
they started a fire and cooked a can of beans to go with their meal bars .
kozz , said caleb with his legs wrapped in his sleeping bag and his hands holding a can of warm beans , where did you get your gun ?
they ate a hearty dinner of beans and some forest critters luciele had snagged along the way .
the shelves , which were supposed to hold cans of preserved fruits , tinned beans and tomatoes , boxes of pasta and rice , and bottles of olive oil and italian spices , were empty except for the occasional dusty item .
the food was rice and beans with some type of ham or sausage , applesauce , or what passed for it anyway , and steamed vegetables .
outside once more , he stood in a line to get a helping of haricot beans , with bits of meat in it , and a hunk of bread .
` ` beans again , you two , but at least it 's hot .
channelle rolled around in the dirt for a bit , and then ate some of meat bits from the beans , but deckard knew she was not hungry .
shannon ate her beans quietly .
his booty consisted of four mess tins of beef and beans , two flasks of brandy , and three blankets .
do n't ask me where it came from , it 's just one of those familiar things like marmite and cans of baked beans that were here in my house waiting for me .
i snooze , i read , i listen to the rain and when i get famished , i have toast and marmite covered with steaming hot baked beans .
' baked beans on toast ? '
i bring out two plates of steaming hot beans and we sit in silence , munching and enjoying the morning sunshine .
' does scrambled eggs with bacon and baked beans on the side sound good ? '
we start with freshly squeezed orange juice , then have bacon and eggs with beans , garnished with a sprig of parsley from my herb garden and lashings of black pepper , ground chunky .
i ' ve munched my way through the sweet corn and beans and my lettuce patch looks like the slugs have been at it .
the plants sarah saw in the botany lab were hybrids she could n't even conceive of , not to mention design , plants whose scale was controlled to the micron , diminutive pine trees and gigantic chamomile , leaves of every shade but green processing chlorophyll , plants without roots that could move around at will , transparent roses , rubber trees genetically altered to secrete aluminum , cucumber plants that changed their color like vegetal chameleons , microscopic baobabs , sub aquatic corn fields , and a soy bean that tasted just like steak .
sarah , where are the lima beans ? ''
sarah was holding two trays of lima beans right under seth 's nose .
a quick look at the lima beans determined that the constant 82 degree temperature was going to be an issue in the absence of water so they moved half of the trays back inside .
sarah had kept a little experimental tray of beans aside and kind of hidden , since she did n't want to get everyone 's hopes up for no reason , but since seth dragged that out into the open she decided to talk about it .
sarah looked around to see if there were more purple leaved beans but could n't see any .
the chromoplasts of the cells were producing large quantities of anthocyanins , the same component that stained the dry beans a deep purple , almost black , no doubt in response to the stress of growing under the light of two suns .
get a few vanilla beans so we can assess the quality . ''
they laughed and continued preparing the garden for a crop of fresh beans .
after lighting a kerosene lamp , he offered the men some cold pork and beans with crackers to eat for supper .
sausage , bacon , fried eggs , fried tomatoes , beans and toast , replied ali .
sal smiled at them both , then launched a spoonful of beans at jess which were deflected around him by a series of flashes .
couscous and dried beans rained down on us .
everything he needed and more was present on his plate ; eggs , fried potatoes and onions , mushrooms , tomatoes , toast , and even a small cup of baked beans .
the girl slipped , bounced off one of the claws and flopped hard across the cockpit opening like a sack of beans .
every other day i spend my nights canning all sorts of foodrice , beans , slimy potatoes and vegetables , processed meat , and some slop that s unidentifiable even when you eat it .
erie was known for dust , corn , and beans ? and at least one very below average foster home .
by then , the pizza was overdone , so alex broke it up and tossed it in pieces into the back yard , ` ` for the birds , '' and liberty ordered delivery from some place called big bean pizza .
i d never worked in such a place , but i d read that the best brew relied on human intervention- that cooking was closer to playing music- since little things like freshness of the beans and the ambient temperature could make the difference between an okay cup of coffee and a work of java art .
were having pork roast , green beans , and creamed corn .
beans , corn , tomatoes .
she found them eating heartily of a bean pie .
by the time georgianna reached the lennox home , she had a supply of beans enough for three stews , and had picked up some hyliha leaves .
the village had a post ofce , general store , hardware shop , kinyosi * , and numerous cafes which served up generous portions of ugali * , beans , and sukuma wiki * .
rosy would have hot beans , ugali , and sukuma wiki waiting for him at home , and so he hurried off .
` ` whatever it is , i like it , stump , '' jiddy said to moses early one morning when they were planting beans together on the shamba , before heading off to work .
chapter six campbell slobbered over the pork and beans , which were heated in a tin can that had been resting in the embers .
his stomach was nt doing too well with the beans and he already felt bloated and gassy .
he set the empty can of beans aside and licked the sauce from his fork .
there was rice and sweet potato , and carrots and beans and a little dark brown meat and red beans and , with a secret move from the zigzag man , chopsticks for her to eat it with .
there was rice and sweet potato , and carrots and beans and a little dark brown meat and red beans and , with a secret move from the zigzag man , chopsticks for her to eat it with .
it 's fermented coffee cut with ground , roasted cocoa beans .
they never had to break their backs working a farm or a transport or garbage detail just to scrape together a few credits for some rice or beans or milk .
lets go have a pot of beans , huh .
jim kicked him hard in the back , sending him through the set and into a spittoon - the spittoon was filled with horse spit and baked brown beans .
across from them , on the other side of the sputtering fire , brad and his three buddies were finishing up their beans and biscuits .
she filled the cart with cans of beans and corn and chili , and then , pasta , coffee , sugar , creamer , dried fruit , nuts and beef jerky .
dolores was sitting at a kitchen table running her finger absently around one handle of a battered metal colander as zac removed the blossom and stem ends of green beans then broke them into pieces and tossed them into the colander .
it 'd be too hot to eat right now , but by the time the beans are done it 'll be cool enough to eat .
his mouth was full of beans .
i 'll be glad when someone can figure out how to grow coffee beans in the populated zone again though .
he found a can of beans .
so , without rushing too much , i spilled the russian beans to chloe .
he was attempting to cut into a rice , bean , and poultry - filled crepe when he was interrupted .
things called beans and greens .
we have beans and rice with salt pork and fish in banana leaf , the wench replied .
in the kitchen he had noticed vegetables lying around : squash and beans , melons and tomatoes .
she handed maria a cob of corn to shuck as she cut some fresh green beans .
oh eat your green beans they are good for you .
maria nodded then picked up her fork stabbing the green beans before stuffing them in her mouth .
eating beans .
sitting there with that steaming tray of potatoes , beans , and corn was torture .
he imagined cans of corned beef , green beans , and corn as well as cereal in the pantry , and lunch meat , tomatoes , and cucumbers in the fridge along with a gallon of milk .
the meal of smoked fish , brown beans and honeyed hardcakes was tasty and everyone ate their fill .
anson laid out the balance of their food : a bag of nuts , some wilted beans and tubers , and the crumbly residue of a few wafers .
conway stopped examining the fresh beans and turned a feral grin on gilby .
long thick pods contained hundreds of the beans , and they were easily harvested green or allowed to dry on the plant for storage .
every other can of beans , or preserved meat , or whatever he opened anymore seemed to be spoiled .
the dried beans and rice had been eaten long ago , back when there were still others besides himself at the compound .
communal meals were prepared , consisting primarily of vegetables , beans , and grains .
do nt touch the sculptures of lingams and yonis , and whoa , whoa , hold it right there , dude , said hacker , pushing aside the remains of his black bean and tofu burger .
cammy had taken bear 's arm and lead him away from a display of canned beans in one of the stores they had gone through .
i used to eat beans and since i am not a vegan i can also eat cheese and eggs , but i have not seen any chickens , cows or goats .
ickcy wanted to ask for beans , or eggs , or cheese , all of which were available in other places , but he did nt want to press his luck so soon after the carrots .
i think they are called pinto beans .
wow , these are pinto beans .
he had often suspected that the universe was much more complex , mysterious , and unpredictable than the dullness of his own life suggested , and that all the science and other knowledge that mankind had built up over the centuries did n't yet amount to a hill of beans .
there was hot sliced beef and freshly baked homemade bread , baked potatoes , and a huge tub of baked beans and molasses , along with coffee , tea , and spicy hot apple cider .
as he watched , the last remnants of pulverized meat , beans , and tomato sauce disappeared from the plate into the sonicvac nozzle .
i opened up the lid and saw spanish rice and beans with corn tortillas .
she looked down the aisles and imagined shoppers , mothers stopping in for weekly groceries , old men squinting at packages wondering if that was the right can of beans their wives wanted , young men pretending to shop while scanning for an easy date .
all but the beans .
they simply planted the seeds that they 'd gotten from the feed store and been happy about that until cora had wheeled out in a panic , a book devoted to subsistence farming open on her lap , and said they had royally screwed up by not planting beans .
he replied simply as he set about making a fire to boil water and getting the beans out of the airtight container so he could grind them .
i wonder if that raider guy is looking for us , gilbert says as he sits next to the coals and begins rummaging through a bag , no doubt hoping to find a can of beans , soup , or something .
once the fire was started , i poured a can of beans into a pot and cooked it over the flames .
i sort through the bag , a can of beans tuna swiss army knifeflashlight !
here there were beans and there was a shelf of strawberry preserves .
mild stimulant pick - me - up bean roasted and ground , that when mixed with hot water is a popular drink .
the beans are roasted and ground .
kalo beans can also be eaten whole , similar to earth peanuts , which are also a legume .
as mordon ate the mealwhich consisted of venison , peas , chicken stew , beans , and a glass of waterhe wondered where the escaper had made off to , and who it was .
i briefly debated which would hurt more , a can of beans or the can of soda in my hand .
the can of beans , clenched in my hand , cracked into a ski - mask - covered head , right where the ear should be .
listen , you do nt want to fuck ... i mean , mess around with their pinhead shysters and bean counters .
tomatoes , several types of peppers , sweet and hot , green beans , squash , zucchini , lettuce , potatoes , lots of herbs and few other things .
i figure you 'll be eating something besides beans , eh ?
stale bread , shitty beans , the occasional piece of fruit and anything wet they could hold down .
there were several jars of peanut butter , crackers , canned items from baked beans to pasta sauce .
he handed me one of the cans of baked beans amaranth had opened and a spoon and then slid into the seat behind me .
she was struggling with a large pot of beans and glared at the two , frustrated .
` ` pot roast and beans .
sarah kept chopping rosemary and marjoram for the beans , paused to gather her thoughts and answered .
we are way behind corporate projections with how many potential pharma prospects we have found , and the alchemistica bean counters made it very clear what they were expecting from this expedition . ''
i selected roast beef , a baked potato with lots of butter , green beans , iced tea , and two pieces of chocolate cake .
gina did nt like me , and she really did nt like willa , who kept a low growl all the time , but gina did nt run away from me , and we even shared a meala can of beans .
i was nt hungry either , but i ate the beans , hoping that by sharing a meal , gina would feel like humans and stargazers could get along , and then shed tell the other rebels of her experience .
to these she added her flatbread , tinned mackerel in brine , tinned sprats in soybean oil , canned chickpeas and canned baked beans .
there were two cans of refried beans and two water bottles .
sometimes they come across cans , like the ones you have here , '' she said , pointing toward the cans of refried beans .
caleb took a bite from the can of beans .
okay , she said , they had some more of your favorites beans , and different kinds of veggies .
baked bean tins and what looked suspiciously like a smarties tube made up the components .
they all sat down to a breakfast of baked beans and barbequed vienna sausages , compliments of the former ferry passengers .
as much as he tried to concentrate on the tins of beans , soup and ravioli he picked from the shelves it was hard not to remember what showing him the error of his ways really meant .
now ill have to make him some lunch after all , and i was halfway through doing baked beans on charcoal for myself .
all they had to do was think about coffee when they got up in the morning and the coffee pot downstairs in the kitchen would swing into action by grinding the required amount of their favorite beans and brew the coffee for them just the way they liked it .
she ground it herself , of course , from beans grown in a field just outside of center city .
alas we had to make do with what dwindling supplies we had left and day after day , there was less pilchards on mash and more boring old plain baked beans .
tinned soups , peas , sweat corn , noodles , soya mini hot dogs , pilchards , beans , corned beef and lastly a tin of spaghetti os .
i unwrapped the rag which concealed a mess of tinned spaghetti and baked beans , mixed together their combined reddish sauced dripping through the rag .
sky placed a pot directly into the fire , added water and threw in two cans of mini hotdogs and three cans of beans .
i see chicken , rice , beans , hot rolls , apple slices , and chocolate cake .
i traded four deer skins for a single pouch of beans over a year ago .
there were huge jars of pickled onions , wheels of cheese , large sacks of flower and potatoes , racks of dried meats , rice , beans , everything she needed to last the winter .
tins of beans , tins of soup , tins of things i do n't recognise , fair fare but nothing to write home about .
while she poked around at the beans and rice , she told him all about emily and how much she reminded her of herself .
as they walked farther into phoyara , ravno gave the orange disc to a boy , hardly older than temperance and fair skinned and skinny , who sat on the ground eating bush beans and mint leaves .
a modest garden sat in the center of the pack and featured most of the key seasonal forest fruits : arugula , dragon tongue bush beans , broccoli , endive , bulls blood beets and brussels sprouts , florence fennel , garlic , kale , carrots , corn and cauliflower , radicchio , rhubarb , parsnip , potatoes and pumpkins .
some are obviously fighters , festooned with canons and missiles and parked in neat lines , others are simply clear bubbles and cubes with nothing but a bean bag inside .
i need to feed me for the next year ; ill plant potatoes , onions and carrots , and green beans and peas and pumpkins , red peppers and tomatoes .
azziz delivers them along with a big box of supplies : jelly beans , marmite , maltesers , hula hoops , chocolate - coated almonds and caramello .
i face the kids party with about as much enthusiasm as a gaucho faced with a tofu and bean sprout salad .
a burly sfpd officer placed me in handcuffs and tossed me onto the sofa like a sack of beans .
she had the tins of baked beans , or whatever it was they 'd stolen from area 51 , but that was n't going to last very long at all .
in the end , the reasoning does n't amount to a hill of beans .
if eating beans from a can , sleeping with one eye open in the freezing ass cold and neglecting to bathe for days on end are the guidelines , hughes confirmed .
you just concentrate on eating those beans and let me worry about my own love life .
eli said , pointing to the can of beans firmly gripped in hughes ' hand .
the beans and typical fruits seemed to work best , while the canning of meat did n't go as well as expected .
as the scent of cheese and beans filled the air around them , both men began sprinting elbow to asshole .
cost me a can of beans , hughes said , swinging on the next to arrive .
there was a pan full of rice on the stove which had been over - boiled to a pile of stodge mixed with fava beans and chicken stock .
she added tins of baked beans , fruit , vegetables , sausages in brine , cuppa soup satchels , and two loaves of bread .
i m something of a big hero in these parts , the best damn forager captain that ever snarfed a can of pork and beans .
goats or no goats , critias told tony , you re still the best damn forager captain that ever snarfed a can of pork and beans .
this is followed by the main coursechunks of pickled bean curd and onion and some kind of white - flesh meat with more sliced bread .
i start off skewering small , random morsels of cheese and then bean curd with my two - pronged fork , but soon follow reyes 's lead , ripping off small chunks of bread , and layering them with bean curd and onion and some of the remaining bits of cheese , finishing each miniature open - faced sandwich in two or three small bites in between requisite gulps of wine .
the nights breakfast was a substantial meal of orange juice , followed by toasted waybread , baked beans and tinned sausages all cooked by fido on his tiny nuclear stove .
he spooned up an extremely generous helping of the dish it was made from bully beef plus baked beans .
cooking the hard beans was a long process .
the rest of us were out here working our butts off for a little bit of beans to eat .
he found tins of beans , canned sausages and several bottles of twisty water !
he grabbed a sack of soycorn , a jar of water , two loaves of bread and two cans of beans .
julian pulled all of the money that was left from his bag , there was a can of beans also .
they breakfasted on tinned beans heated up in the fireplace , washed down with mineral water and strong black coffee .
first we breakfast on a tin of beans then keep searching , foraging .
then he opened the can of beans using the ring - pull on the top .
then , using his spoon , he showed janice to put a spoonful of the bean and carrot onto a hawthorn leaf , roll it like a mini fajita and eat .
there is traditional white corn - meal in it also , as well as some beans , wild onions , and various herbs .
` ` traditional corn , beans , and squash remain the primary foods , '' doc noted , ` ` and they also grow traditional artichokes , pumpkins , sunflowers , tobacco , and herbs .
mary asked , as the four token white - people sat around their table for lunch , which consisted of some sort of tasty combination of squash , corn , and beans .
she said , ` ` medium rare rib eye , mashed potatoes , green beans , coleslaw and sweet tea . ''
she reached over to her duffle bag and pulled out a can of beans , opened the lid and set it in the fire .
as the fire heated up her beans , she saw her leftovers from waffle house and the jar of instant coffee .
it took a few minutes to get the fire going and cook another can of baked beans .
she pulled out a bottle of hot sauce from her bag , dumped a healthy supply of it on her beans and started eating .
she ignored it until she began to feel a slight rumbling in her stomach and she started thinking that the beans were fighting back against her body .
she had started a big pot of rice and beans .
my mother , annie , is making her famous rice and beans , and we have some water , too .
after the prayer , everyone ate annies rice and beans with lukewarm powdered milk as if it was something out of a five star restaurant .
i am not sure if it was the rice and beans or just plain worry , but i knew i would nt be able to get back to sleep for a while .
on the top on her list was flour , beans , rice , sugar , coffee and powdered milk , and that was just the start of what she needed .
he had bins of beans , and other foods that would nt spoil .
20 lones sacred duty we partake of a full breakfast spread with beef , beans , rashers of bacon , eggs , and johnny cakes .
bob here near spilt the beans .
they got to look in the freezer compartment of the refrigerator to see if any of the packages of frozen peas and beans actually contained frozen dope , slyly mismatched .
` ` barris , '' he said , ` ` i ' m going out to see if i can score some beans . ''
` ` with xu - xiang hot bean sauce ? ''
the main course was a ragoanducirc ; t of veal in a veloute sauce , beans cooked simply in butter and garlic , tossed salad , bread .
` ` some extra cheese , maybe some beans and corn .
fresh green beans cooked al dente with peppers .
she sat right there in front of him roasting coffee beans to a rose brown , adding cardamom and melange .
the coffee was harah 's work , done just as stilgar preferred it : the beans roasted to a rose - brown , ground to a fine powder in a stone mortar while still hot , and boiled immediately ; a pinch of melange added .
outdoors on the patio she had charley broiling t - bone steak in a charcoal pit , while inside she fixed hors d'oeuvres of minced clams and cream cheese baked on english muffins , martinis , avocado salad , baked potatoes , italian beans from their freezer that they had originally grown themselves ... and , for dessert , huckleberries that they had picked the summer before somewhere out near the point .
they found their african posting tedious because of the bland african food , and gratefully accepted munro 's gift of a case of tree ears fungus , a case of hot bean sauce , and a case of chili paste with garlic .
all at once he stopped , stood clasping his basket of string beans and beets .
quickly , he typed his reply : the bean counters were in ireland last week , too .
on the seat beside him a bag of such delicacies as bean curd , ripe peaches , good soft evil - smelling cheese rocked back and forth as he alternately speeded up and slowed down his car ; being tense , tonight , he drove somewhat erratically .
he uncorked the bottle of chablis , divided the peaches and the cheese and the bean curd .
` ` made from soy bean whey .
they grow peas and corn and beans down there .
i could swallow a lot of oleander leaves or castor beans or something and get rid of him ; he 'd be helpless , he could n't stop me .
` ` i do n't have anything but corn and beans , '' he said .
` ` corn 's free , but you 'll have to kick something in for the beans .
` ` beans , beans , the musical fruit , '' the raven recited , inspired .
water for the beans was just beginning to bubble in a pot hung over the fire .
there was a pebbly rattle as brown dumped a paper of dry beans into the pot an occasional tak - tak - tak as zoltan walked restlessly on the roof .
iv the beans were like bullets , the corn tough .
corn was the main crop , but there were beans and also some peas .
the cans were vegetables c green beans , yellow beans ... and three cans of corned beef .
the cans were vegetables c green beans , yellow beans ... and three cans of corned beef .
they would only eat agama beans and soy , and sometimes chickens . ''
in his existence , worldliness meant being able to scrape together a handful of beans to make ten meals that fed four people .
arnie kott could not see the sidereal projects for beans .
jack said , ` ` that 's a plain ordinary lima bean , the same as i gave you just now .
lana knows that wandering around the mountains looking for us would n't amount to a hill of beans .
the ` ` tasty delights '' ended up being canned beans and some type of sausageaccording to brenda , the words on the label were in spanish .
a slab of steak and green beans and carrots .
he ate a few carrots and green beans while still chewing the meat .
i was chopping green beans so they would fit in the steamer when eric came and stood in the kitchen doorway .
i went back to the kitchen and resumed chopping my green beans .
i dumped the green beans on the steamer tray , and held out my hand .
` ` only tinned goods , i ' m afraid , but i can offer better than two dozen choices , including baked beans , tuna - fish , several kinds of soup- '' ` ` tooter - fish for me , '' roland said , ` ` but bring an array , if you will . ''
no more baked beans- '' ` ` he do n't care beans for beans , as you very well know- '' ` ` no tuna - fish , either , and will'ee tell me he do n't eat that ?
no more baked beans- '' ` ` he do n't care beans for beans , as you very well know- '' ` ` no tuna - fish , either , and will'ee tell me he do n't eat that ?
although supplies were getting thin ( and would surely run out before they were past the place die uffi called empathica ) , there were still cans of beans and tuna and corned beef hash rolling around in the back of ho fat 's luxury taxi , and their bellies were currendy full .
when they finally stopped for the night , roland gathered enough brush for a fire and patrick , who had dozed off , woke up long enough to eat an enormous meal of vienna sausage and baked beans .
a warehouse containing 70 percent of the sector 's rice and dry beans will burn for days , according to fire officials .
and now i can sit here and watch tv like it is five years ago and mom and dad are in the other room and i ' ve never spent a night hiding in a drainpipe with jamie and a bunch of rats while body snatchers with spotlights search for the thieves who made off with a bag of dried beans and a bowl of cold spaghetti .
` ` soy beans , '' levine repeated .
delivered by a midwife from down the block who took fifty cents and four cans of beans .
they look at him the way religious people would look at one of the saints - peter or paul or matthew - if he decided to drop by the saturday night bean supper and tell them stories of how it was , traipsing around the sea of galilee with jesus the carpenter .
a sudden flash of new orleans struck him , screen door closing , cousins around the kitchen table , red beans and rice , and talk , talk , talk ' i tell you i almost killed her , ' rowan said , ' i almost ended it .
the food was highly spiced and very delicious , the soup being a seafood stew filled with much pepper , and the meats being garnished with fried yams and fried bananas and much rice and beans and other delicious things .
he sat at his sister 's kitchen table , eating his red beans and rice and drinking his small glass of beer .
the outdoor buffet tables , draped in white linen , sagged beneath their weight of sumptuous southern dishes - crawfish etouffee , shrimp creole , pasta jambalaya , baked oysters , blackened fish , and even the humble and beloved red beans and rice .
she fixed herself a little meal of synthetic lamb and green beans ; seated alone at her table she gazed out listlessly through the dome 's port at the landscape .
rose saw him as she was serving beans and franks ( plus a smoking relic that might once have been a pork chop ) to a party of six crammed around a table for four .
some of the carts slued as they rolled through a drift of spilled dry beans .
johnny lugged out the cartons of soups , stews , beans , and sauces ; carrie stowed them in the bed of their dodge ram .
weed the tomatoes and beans , then go play .
that young man scared the hell out of her , but she would have had much more to fear if he 'd seen two bags filled with soup and beans and tuna fish .
there is the smell of apples and beets and beans and sharproot and curing strips of meat .
` ` red sandalwood and patchouli , vanilla beans , lavender twigs and sage and cinnamon leaves , whole nutmegs , garlic bulbs , cloves , and rosemary : everything you wanted and more . ''
sable and his accountant had just come from a small , expensive , and particularly exclusive restaurant in greenwich village , where the cuisine was entirely nouvelle : a string bean , a pea , and a sliver of chicken breast , aesthetically arranged on a square china plate .
two cans of baked beans .
richard found himself thinking of the man he had seen when he had first come to london , who used to stand outside leicester square tube station with a huge hand - painted sandwich board that exhorted the world to ` ` less lust through less protein , eggs , meat , beans , cheese and sitting . ''
richard and gary sat and richard talked while gary listened , and then they ordered fried eggs and baked beans and toast and sat and ate them , while richard continued to talk , and gary continued to listen .
deel had a plate in front of him and he had eaten the beans that had been on it .
mary lou stood up and shuffled around the table and heaped fresh beans onto his plate and went to the oven and brought back cornbread and put it next to the beans .
mary lou stood up and shuffled around the table and heaped fresh beans onto his plate and went to the oven and brought back cornbread and put it next to the beans .
deel plowed it under and tom helped deel plant peas and beans for the fall crop , some hills of yellow crookneck squash , and a few mounds of watermelon and cantaloupe seed .
like you 're some white rat in principles of behavioral psychology 201 , they make you guess what can of baked beans costs more than another .
eggs and beans and sausages and toast , and tea you could stand a spoon up in .
she set the phone on the counter , walked back to the stove , and continued stirring the pot of beans .
kate eyed the box - bbq chicken with black beans and potatoes .
it was no doubt soy beans or some other chicken substitute .
twenty minutes later i smell cornbread , pinto beans , and country ham .
but there 's nothing except freeze - dried beans and franks . ''
as she passed the campstove , halloway offered her a bowl of lukewarm chili and beans in a tin pan .
she shrugged and spoke around a mouthful of beans .
the dinner had been endless , course after course of local fare : roasted guinea pig , bean stew with bits of parrot meat , a salad made of spinachlike amaranth leaves chopped with a type of native carrot called arracacha , and herbed pies made from oca , a relative of the sweet potato .
little bari had also found a dented can of beans in a rubbish bin .
all he and his brother had found at the zoo were bones and beans .
reed roofs sheltered carts and booths , laden with bolts of silk and kashmiri cotton , bushels of pomegranates and pistachio nuts , iced bins of crab and whitefish , barrels of pickles and coffee beans , swaths of fresh - cut flowers , flats of breads , slabs of dried meats .
` ` the eighty - eight jelly beans . ''
` ` no , jelly beans ! ''
he had to give the owners of this monstrosity some points for taste , if only for their beans .
miller took another forkful of fungal beans and vat - grown rice and debated whether to accept connection .
` ` that ship , '' she said , pointing at the door , ` ` has almost ten thousand kilos of beans and rice on it , enough to feed the whole station for a week ! ''
the coffee was black and bitter , and erich could n't tell if the coppery flavor was a problem with the beans or the lingering taste of fear .
aashif forces him to drink water and shovels lukewarm beans into his mouth , all the while talking to him in the most casual tone , as if he were merely a barber and ethan had popped in for a trim .
kendra had spent the previous day tethered to a tree in a remote , wooded camping area , eating applesauce , baked beans , and canned pudding .
dinner consisted of a huge ham garnished with pineapple , garlic mashed potatoes , carrots sweetened with brown sugar , green beans , and hot buttered rolls .
bridge seventeen considered their nightly bean curry to be part of their identity .
flatbread stuffed with bean paste .
they grew oats and wheat and beans , among other things .
we were in the kitchen preparing dinner - boiling water for rice and preparing green beans taken from the deep freezer in the basement .
the beans were in the pot .
i do n't have to go all the way to sendaria for beans and turnips .
they had more of the ham and beans for breakfast and began to get things ready to pack .
many of the crops grown in this alien countryside were unrecognisable to the elenes - odd - looking beans and peculiar grains .
their evening meal had been simple , a hearty bean soup and thick slices of dark , rich bread , and they sat on the benches around the plain table after they had eaten , talking idly and awaiting the arrival of the captain , who had promised to join them as soon as he had secured his ship .
` ` beans ? ''
when the word gets out , the market in beans is going to sink like a rock , and we do n't really want several million tons of beans on our hands , do we ?
i do n't want to have to eat all those beans myself . ''
` ` the consortium will make an offer on our bean holdings tomorrow morning , '' vetter replied .
` ` what is the fixed rate on beans ? ''
they filled it with cheeses , rolls of butter , hams , slabs of bacon , and several bags of beans .
` ` we found a bag of beans , '' the smith reported , ` ` and a crock full of honey .
` ` beans would take much too long to cook , '' she replied .
supper that evening consisted of beans and bacon , a meal which urgit in particular found less than satisfying .
` ` moldy bacon and boiled beans are n't going to get us very far . ''
as she began to prepare their evening meal of beans and venison , garion noted that sadi was walking about their campsite , combing the ground with his eyes .
then she looked at her garden and its drooping turnip tops and pathetic beans .
they had beans for supper , of course , but gunda was sure that he could eat almost anything by then .
` ` beans will be just fine .
but now the priests had been sent to the rudimentary south wall of the temple , where several bulky , bad - tempered maags worked the poor fat priests as hard as they could for ten or twelve hours a day on a diet of nothing but beans .
the priests are n't very happy about that , but they 're even unhappier about the steady diet of beans sorgan offers them three times a day . ''
the ordinary priests were more interested in getting something to eat besides beans , but the priestess alcevan was still trying to send young priests there to kill lillabeth . ''
they 're used to eating very fancy food , and a steady diet of beans does n't sit too well with them .
gimpy told them that they had a choice , but when he said , ' you can eat beans , or you can eat dirt , ' it did n't go over very well . ''
` ` that goes quite a bit farther than getting a plateful of raw beans for supper , '' rabbit said .
there is n't much stored down there in the galley except beans , and there 's only so much you can do with beans . ''
there is n't much stored down there in the galley except beans , and there 's only so much you can do with beans . ''
` ` ara is the finest cook in the world , after all , so i ' m sure she 'll find some way to make beans taste better . ''
` ` but unless you 'd like to live on a steady diet of cold , uncooked beans for the next week or so , somebody 's going to have to gather up some firewood before we get too far away from these mountains , would n't you say ? ''
the previous summer had been a good hunting season , so there were ample supplies of smoked bison meat in asmie , and the stores of beans had been building up for years now .
after a surprisingly rich supper of beans and bison meat , tlodal , kathlak , and trenicia joined narasan and sorgan to discuss a few things .
mildewed beans do n't really taste very good , and the crew had been growing increasingly grouchy .
they built a fire some distance off from the geyser and rabbit cooked a large pot of beans .
' you 're beating me over the head with a sack of beans ? '
' beans , ' he said , ' just beans , and do n't even think about laughing , padan . '
the fat man 's not the best cook in the world , but he does know how to pad up the beans and salt pork with seaweed if things get tight .
` ` the men are gathering sod , and the women are planting beans . ''
his hands quit moving and rested in mid - air , a can of beans in each one .
peter put the beans down on the top shelf , completely disregarding the careful order he normally prized above all else .
` ` excellent plan , '' said peter , picking up cans of beans and looking at the labels .
we splurged and had some cans of beans , some dried meat , and some limp but still decent vegetables we 'd taken from the swamp .
` ` a can of beans and a bag of chips , '' i countered .
everyone 's fighting over bodies now instead of beans and rice . ''
chapter one i had eaten all the rations that were left in my house , except for five cans of baked beans and two bags of noodles .
i ' m tired of noodles and beans , that 's all .
every little sound made me jump to my feet , thinking someone was coming to take my beans and noodles .
i 'll make you some beans and noodles .
i reached over and pulled a can of beans from the cabinet .
hot beans , served up nice and cold . ''
` ` thanks , '' he said , giving me a half - smile before he dug in hungrily , shoving beans into his mouth .
` ` sorry , '' he mumbled , a bean stuck to the corner of his mouth .
he was stirring the beans around in his can , but not eating them .
* * * after peter had eaten his fill of noodles and beans , and i had joined him , indulging in another jar of sauce to boot , we sat down in the living room and took stock of our stuff .
they 'd been eating a lot of protein and i had n't had much at all in months , except for the few beans i 'd eaten .
i took out a can of beans and popped the top open , tipping the can to my mouth to let a few beans fall in .
his face appeared in the opening as he grabbed two cans of green beans .
` ` and here you are , getting ready to float away with a bunch of boats filled with baked beans and nacho cheese doritos instead !
` ` beans and chips iss good , '' suggested bodo .
` ` beans and chips it is . ''
i walked over and pulled a can of beans off the shelf and put them up with the chips .
i asked , quickly grabbing two cans of beans , putting one with the chips and one with the water .
he had a plate of oiled beans in one thick , stub - fingered hand .
` ` is beans , '' mord said .
i 'll wager you , he eats too many beans , he breaks wind just like me , but you 'll never hear him admit it , oh , no .
in the city , yoren had loaded up the wagons with salt fish , hard bread , lard , turnips , sacks of beans and barley , and wheels of yellow cheese , but every bite of it had been eaten .
supper was a handful of wild radishes koss found , a cup of dry beans , water from a nearby brook .
there was black bread and honeycakes and oaten biscuits ; there were turnips and pease and beets , beans and squash and huge red onions ; there were baked apples and berry tarts and pears poached in strongwine .
then came lamprey pie , honeyed ham , buttered carrots , white beans and bacon , and roast swan stuffed with mushrooms and oysters .
the wedding feast began with a thin leek soup , followed by a salad of green beans , onions , and beets , river pike poached in almond milk , mounds of mashed turnips that were cold before they reached the table , jellied calves ' brains , and a leche of stringy beef .
onions , carrots , turnips , two sacks of beans , four of barley , and nine of oranges .
after the service he absolved their sins and left them with some turnips , a sack of beans , and two of his precious oranges .
after the animals had been tended to , the riders shared a simple supper of salt pork and cold white beans , washed down with ale .
we mean to plant beans .
meereen needs beans more than it needs rare spices , and beans require water . ''
meereen needs beans more than it needs rare spices , and beans require water . ''
they 'd brought slabs of hard salt beef , dried cod , dried beans , turnips , carrots , sacks of barley meal and wheaten flour , pickled eggs , barrels of onions and apples .
` ` not that them yunkish bastards will be wanting us inside their yellow city , sniffing round their daughters , '' predicted baqq , the squint - eyed myrish crossbowman whose name meant beans .
` ` past time , '' he said , when frog found him dicing with beans and books and old bill bone , and losing yet again .
chapter fifty - three the spurned suitor the hour of ghosts was almost upon them when ser gerris drinkwater returned to the pyramid to report that he had found beans , books , and old bill bone in one of meereen 's less savory cellars , drinking yellow wine and watching naked slaves kill one another with bare hands and filed teeth .
` ` boiled eggs , fried bread , and beans .
corn , pickled eggs , beans .
i put down my half - eaten can of sausage and beans , then lean back on my elbows .
he 's carrying a tray of food : a slab of gray mystery meat , potatoes , a mushy pile of beans , and a tall glass of orange juice .
after an easier time with the can opener - he 's feeling a little stronger for the rest - he opens a can of beans .
he cramps painfully , more than what would come from chicken noodle soup and a mouthful of spoiled beans .
` ` soups and old beans and custard . ''
plenty of beans , too .
georges room was bedless , seeming more like a living room with its long low couch , loveseat , bean bag chair and big screen tv .
after dad says grace , we start passing one another the platters of beef tacos , rice , and pinto beans and start serving ourselves .
aunt dora brings her ranchero beans with bacon and ham floating with the spicy pinto beans .
aunt dora brings her ranchero beans with bacon and ham floating with the spicy pinto beans .
now , they gallop around selecting , and picking assorted field wildflowers for their pretty dining table arrangement while their hard - working mama cooks the soaking red beans , frying meat , baking biscuits , and steaming pecan pie .
mccamy neck snaps his skull to the growing fertile crops of corn , wheat , soy beans then returns back her eyeballs upon tulu and stares lovingly into her eyes drawn by angels .
chicken , baycliff fills then laughs because turtle guts taste like and look like white meat between the beans of brown chili .
big dipper looks upside down like mamas sauce pan she used for cooking her red chili beans .
i quickly unpack the thawing food packages , separating the burnt ones and place inside the refrigerator while selecting a lovely entre of cold beans or colder beans or the coldest beans .
i quickly unpack the thawing food packages , separating the burnt ones and place inside the refrigerator while selecting a lovely entre of cold beans or colder beans or the coldest beans .
i quickly unpack the thawing food packages , separating the burnt ones and place inside the refrigerator while selecting a lovely entre of cold beans or colder beans or the coldest beans .
i select the cold beans moving to a nice long five feet by three wide black counter top and gently dump the wet sack of beans as it splatters over the dust .
i select the cold beans moving to a nice long five feet by three wide black counter top and gently dump the wet sack of beans as it splatters over the dust .
i scoot my left five finger pads around the cold beans then dump into a right cupped hand , without a proper spoon utensil then waddle on boots to the first television on the bottom row right side .
strangest type of physics i have ever seen in working theory , whispering then shove more beans into my lips while chewing and watching the colored screens .
no reason to visit that planet , during my stay , ever , giggling in flute music , chewing on the cold beans , watching the next tv monitor activate and tattle its fairy tale .
i scratch my dirty ponytail then eat the last of the cold beans .
she spoons her black bean soup with elegantly manners as i nod my curls .
the largest bean stalk .
jan has prepared us supper some good home cooking fried chickenandpork and beans , and other country stuffjust like true cowboys of the american west , right , cowgirl .
the supper entres includes a tray of golden brown fried chicken parts along with four cans of cold baked brown beans with six slices of white bread rolls and four milk bottles as argus sits one milk bottle near my plastic plate then he finger points in silence at the food .
i select my food items for supper consisting of a single one bread roll , one can baked beans , and a single piece of fried chicken breast .
argus plows with a manly appetite polishing off the rest of the items including the remaining three cans of baked beans , five bread rolls , and six pieces of chicken including the other breast , two wings , two thighs , and two drumsticks that i did nt retrieve for my supper .
i explain after consuming my entire can of cold baked beans and single delicious bread roll while i unsuccessfully cut and scratch at the golden brown thickly breaded chicken breast with a small plastic knife and fork from the picnic basket as the big oval - shaped hunk of meat swiftly slides to the right side of my small plastic plate for the third time .
there was bacon , scrambled and poached eggs , eggs benedict , pancakes , french toast , potatoes , sausages , fruits , breads , oatmeal , three different types of cereal , and baked beans .
i take a mouthful from the tin of baked beans and swallow it quickly absolutely starved .
i wo nt keep you long because our lovely dinner of beans and sweet corn awaits us .
we move into the kitchen and begin emptying out the presses , pulling out anything that is edible and still in date , cans of beans , tomatoes , pickles anything we can get our hands on .
i pour some beans onto the plate along with some tomatoes , all emitting steam and pleasant aromas that make my mouth water uncontrollably even more .
before this started , it would nt dream of mixing something like beans and tomatoes , but its surprising how people change when the world is taken over by brainless flesh - hungry monsters .
oh , mrs . fitzroy , now they want roasted pork with beans in lemon juice , tomato soup , cornish pastries , crusted lamb with roasted vegetables , carrot cake with icing , salmon with pineapple and green peas , and the best beer and ale we can offer !
that s not to say i did nt get a fair share of crude , rude , or even a few high - five comments before i ate a plate full of almond green beans and mashed potatoes .
cody handed sarah the bowl of popcorn and dragged the bean bag in front of the tv .
beans , pickles , tomatoes .
a few minutes later it becomes apparent when the man reappears with plates of food : eggs , toast , roasted tomatoes , sausages , beans .
opening my eyes , i was staring straight at a shelf of canned green beans .
jared roasted a can of beans on the fire while blaine and i parked at the opening of our tent .
schooling me on stance and sight placement , blaine balanced an empty bean can on the lower branch of a tree away from the direction of our camp .
wild boar roasting on a spit over the fire filling his nose with pleasant smells making his mouth water in anticipation , at the same moment she is chopping up potatoes , onions , peas , carrots , garlic , beans and rice mixing them together with exotic smelling spices in a large pot also hanging over the fire for the most wonderful soup .
the missus and i d be eating beans in a soup kitchen in deep nodlon .
soon , the table was set with barbecued pork ribs dripping with a hickory and molasses sauce , potato salad , coleslaw , and baked beans .
he opened the cupboard and shoved a can of green beans in between two cans of peas .
he served up homemade macaroni and green beans , which she wolfed down as he asked her about her classes .
she followed with green beans and biscuits , making sure she could see .
janelle finished the potatoes and speared the green beans , barely able to eat but unable to stop .
they searched for the diamond in some apples and some chicken and something that looked like it had started its life as green beans but had devolved since then .
and since our parents do nt have us under constant surveillance while in the great outdoorsthis is 1978 , not 1984these decrees from on high amount to little more than a hill of beans .
if you have a better way of getting out of here , bean , speak now or forever hold your peace .
this can drag on a very long time , bean saladtrust me , andrew bauer said .
after devouring a most welcome feast of pork chops , mashed potatoes , and string beans under soft candlelightand washing it down with a couple of glasses of iced tea with less than premium ice cubes courtesy of the power interruptioni excused myself and went outside .
some of the homeowners , like mrs . mazzilli , maintain flower and vegetable gardens beyond the concrete , including a couple of impressive ones with herbs , fig trees , and vines loaded with berries , grapes , and string beans .
saying a guy who got run over by a train was turned into polenta sounded like something you would say , bean .
anyway , mom cooked her usual friday night meal that consisted of incredibly dry roast chicken , runny mashed potatoes , flavorless canned green beans and burned dinner rolls .
raiding the pantry next , i found a couple cans of baked beans , some chicken noodle soup , beef stew and a case of bottled water .
i emerge wet and clean and smell like vanilla beans , since rita left me perfume .
i know the location of the secret base , confessing my half - secret then chew the delicious green beans with a touch of black pepper .
she took a pile of beans from one of the boxes and laid them out , then jumped them over each other along the grid , humming a sailors ditty to herself .
april , she said setting a hand on her shoulder , look after max and make sure he eats his beans .
plenty of bean soup and cornbread to go round .
he set a bag of bread and beans next to another younger boy doing his best impersonation of a knot on a log .
after a few minutes , odarick sat down at the table himself , placing a plate laden with slices of bread , steaming vegetables , and beans .
she took a mouthful of beans .
your meal this evening consists of roasted baby potatoes , grilled white fish , and steamed green beans ; all with my special spice blend .
if he worked one , i would work ten , if he hated rice then i would love rice and if he loved beans then i would hate beans .
if he worked one , i would work ten , if he hated rice then i would love rice and if he loved beans then i would hate beans .
manuel did nt feel hungry and just watched the man as he spooned a large helping of beans onto a freshly fried tortilla .
she grabbed a couple baby food jarspeaches and green beans .
he d hate the green beans , but shed alternate them to get him to eat .
it is southwest so it has spicy beans and peppers .
one student shrugged the sound off as marcy eating questionable beans for lunch that day .
a big fat bag woman , who lived on smart price beans and chips and fags .
crossing the space , we found a white foyer with blue plastic chairs shaped like squashed kidney beans .
the cans were full of half - eaten soup and green beans and peaches .
when he s ready to be picked he usually comes to the back door and stands like this ... . barry raised his arms to the side as the example , ... .then we ... . pick his beans .
and if you asked him where his travels have taken him , billy carried on , he could say oh , i ve bean here , i ve bean there , i ve bean pretty much everywhere , heck ... . i ve even bean to the plain of three pillars .
after everyone was seated , she brought out mashed potatoes and turkey , cranberry sauce , green beans , rolls , and more .
the house had a small , well - maintained garden with abundant tomatoes , cucumbers , beans , peas , vegetables of all varieties .
she headed to the garden and snipped some tomatoes and beans , putting them into her basket .
after the presentation the team would always have food to hand out to the people ; dry beans , rice , and whatever other staples would be available .
as joseph approached the outdoor market , he had to fan away flies to find the meat that was nt spoiled and try to find the best fruits and vegetables along with some rice and beans .
there were some old beans that had a fuzzy gray mold all over the top .
filipe begins prancing in front of me like he has eaten a bag of jumping beans .
i was loading my fork with beef in black bean sauce when mum cleared her throat .
you just eat those nasty flat beans that your grandmother always forced on you .
lima beans ?
someone had spilled some of the beans that were nt supposed to be spilled .
mama points down in front of me , i look down at the counter and i see a plate of home fried potatoes with onions , fried eggs , and beans .
the colour scheme reminded charlotte of the time shed put tomato sauce on top of baked beans and then eaten it ; the running mess of dark orange and stark red , the sweet , tangy flavour that made her skin sweat , the overriding feeling that it was nt right .
he asked , bean sauce around his mouth .
oliver was watching the two of them , eyes wide , bean sauce smeared over his cheek now , mixing with the tomato sauce by his eyebrow .
the aroma of coffee beans filled his nostrils .
ahhhh , i was hoping it might be a bean burrito .
she busied herself around the house , baking cookies for later , preparing tomorrows chilli , and cooking tonights evening meal of chips , egg and beans .
does nt mom know i have better things to worry about than squash and lima beans ?
she shoveled a bite of bean casserole onto her fork .
mrs . greta finished her bite of beans and wiped the corner of her mouth with a lace napkin .
we d eat bean burritos and share what was really going on in our lives .
if you had a frustration that could sizzle that size , as if you were just about to blow your top for 20 years but never succeeded in blowing it , then you could go on thinking about the consequences of blowing your top till your top became a lid the size of a small boiler pan full of green beans .
i ground the beans , fresh ground is the only way to go , and put them in the paper filter .
a red onion , a large lemon , a can of organic garbanzo beans , and a jar of tahini paste also ended up in my cart .
i d push the healthy fiber content of the beans with this recipe and not dwell on the real cheese sprinkled on top .
this is strange , jherie said while she set out the ingredientscans of beans , green peppers , green onions , salsa , cheddar cheeseall in neat rows for the members .
were using canned beans , i told the group to start the meeting , but if you re ever feeling enthusiastic , you can use dried .
cooking dried beans takes hours , and i m not sure there s any real benefit to the longer method .
once everyone had opened their cans of kidney , black , and cannellini beans and dumped them into strainers to drain , we started on the rest of the prep .
cut the peppers and green onions so they re approximately the same size as the beans .
while uncle enzo grilled the burgers on the deck off the kitchen , anna maria , mama , and i cut up veggies and made baked beans and oven fries while lexi continued to entertain rocco with ive - got - your - nose and peek - a - boo .
i gave her a quick recap of the ingredientsgarbanzo beans , olive oil , tahini , lemon juice , salt , and red pepper .
she went to the kitchen where there was mashed potato , fish fillet and some string beans served on a plate on top of the kitchen counter .
she was half way through the potato when she started the fish and eventually the string beans .
she wrinkled her face as she chewed on the beans .
there was a table at the center of the rug and a couple of peach bean bags around it .
mr . lawly passed out cans of baked beans and ingredients for smores all to be cooked over the fire .
they sat at a table near the bands stage and enjoyed eating steaks with baked potatoes and green beans .
all i would have to do was cook a big batch of baked beans .
i stopped by a store to buy some baked beans and a pan to cook them in .
once the beans started cooking the smell filled the air i knew it would only be a matter of time before they would show up .
i had a full pot of beans sitting on a fire right next to me .
i had to go to the store again and grab some baked beans .
i gots the farm hands pulling the pork meat from the roasted pigs along with them boiling the corn - on - the - cob while the women folk made the potato salad and some of the younger males are trying their first task at baking beans which is real easy ( chuckles ) the ponies are eating .
starting the party at three in the afternoon , daddy provides kiddie pony rides , hay wagon rides , a bouncy foam house exhibition for the young kids of the farm workers and for the pre - teens there are bow and arrow fun and a long horse trail lead by the responsible teens as well as serving folks with tons of fresh pork bbq , thousands of gallons of baked beans , hundreds of corn - on - the - cobs , big containers of fresh sliced potato salad , oceans of sweet tea , and batches of freshly home - baked rainbow - colored sprinkled cupcakes that s really for the younger kids then at precisely five all the children go home to watch tv or to sleep as the party entertains the adults with a hoe down .
i slowly jerk the binoculars back to beck as he still smiles and chuckles staring at his plate of five pieces of fried chicken , a mountain of mashed white potatoes that covers in yellow butter , a bigger helping of brown pinto beans beside an equal height of yellow sweet corn as beck stirs two of his vegetables together which makes me really hungry .
because , i like to eat the soft tart tasting pinto beans and juicy sweet corn mixed together like a can of wet and dry dog food for the beagle puppies at my farm as i giggle with delight that beck and i share a weirdo pattern of food consumption .
he lifts the plate , spinning it around as his mixture of beans and corn face him then he consumes the heap in four bites using a spoon to gather the delicious sweet juice of the corn then mops the residue with three pieces of golden brown cornbread as he chews then smiles then chuckles then swallows then chews , again .
how s about we eat three boxes of cheese pizza tonight instead of pinto beans and corn bread .
it resembled ordinary can of beans without the label showing the striations in the metal around the sides .
it still looked like a can of beans without a label but she now noticed that it was not metal , it looked textured , like it was made of stone or something .
she unwrapped the strange looking canister that had reminded joan of a can of beans but looked like it was made out of granite .
theo was trying to use his sleeve to wipe the baked beans that kept running down his forehead .
julius marco left the room as a soldier brought in a tin plate with a quarter loaf of dry bread and a gutted tin of beans .
the soldiers fed him dry bread , a tin of beans and a mug of water twice that first day , which he ate in his room .
half way through his evening rations of bread and beans he came up with an idea .
harry mashed the remaining beans into his leftover bread and stuffed the combined mess into his pocket .
chewing on the pocketed bread and bean pulp , harry had then spewed it out in self - induced heaving and gagging sessions .
he was pretty sure he would never be able to stomach bread or beans ever again .
harry shook his head trying to sort out the jumble of pictures in his head : dr . marco , bait , beans , soldiers , smelly toilet , dogs !
after a moment , i remembered where the espresso beans were and reached for the last shelf of our cupboard , packed with italian snacks .
i wonder if her lips taste like strawberries and cream or vanilla beans ?
they re squirrels , and yes , well be cooking them along with the beans and rice we brought with us .
he explained that we were being served a traditional hearty english breakfast of eggs , bacon , sausages , kippers , fried bread , baked beans , and orange juice .
while i enjoy eating refried beans in a breakfast burrito , i was nt too keen on eating baked beans and fried bread for breakfast .
while i enjoy eating refried beans in a breakfast burrito , i was nt too keen on eating baked beans and fried bread for breakfast .
and the best thing we found was a bag of jelly beans !
everyone stops chomping their jelly beans and stares at me .
we d had canned beans and an unidentified rodent stew for dinner .
it caught him taking a bite of beans and he almost choked .
i recognise beans and sweet potatoes and tomatoes .
he was reluctant to eat anything , but his stomach reminded him of its emptiness , and carefully moving the tins and packets aside , he managed to find a tin with a faded baked beans label .
it took him nearly five minutes to open the can far enough to get at the beans , but with no cutlery and a ravenous hunger , he was resorted to scooping out the contents with his fingers .
the jagged edges did nothing for his hands , but he did nt think that his blood mixed in with the cold beans could make them taste any worse .
these vile creatures attack us for our supplies of jelly beans .
king poopoola will lose his stockpile of jelly beans .
the crows around the table started to laugh and started to eat in bowls full of the precious jelly beans .
bring me some more of those jelly beans .
they start to make jelly beans from these nectars , to feed the rest of the kingdom .
yes , our supply of jelly beans is low and i crave the cursed thing more and more every day !
tonight we dine on jelly beans until we have a major indigestion .
we need food and we love the jelly beans that poopoola produces so we have to take it from them .
what if i can make you an infinite source of jelly beans .
the fountain vibrated and off the top came a million small jelly beans .
i followed behind her and avati , toward the smell of heavenly spices and the invigorating scent of cocoa beans .
a plate of fried chicken , baked beans , and apple sauce were on the plate .
the baked beans and apple sauce tasted great , but cory was careful not to eat the chicken .
` ` i need black bean sprouts , '' i asked , knowing they 'd be out back .
i smiled , kissing him again before grabbing the beans .
i know swimming in a glacial stream is like the snap of fresh picked string beans and that swimming in the salty ocean is like the slow melt of butter in the sun .
roasted meats , cheese and crusty bread , toasted nuts , rich custards and sauces , fragrant rice and beans , all filled the massive dining hall with tantalizing smells .
if shed had to wait one more day , shed be eating her last can of baked beans for lunch .
shed make endless casseroles and green bean salads .
i clawed my way out but the pain was dragging me back under , working its way into my ribs , trying to part them and pry me open like a can of beans .
setting the drink down , she prepared to continue her answer when the waiter appeared with two little bottles , some small cups , and a bowl of bean pods .
vicky watched curiously as her boss popped the pod open and slipped the first of the beans into his mouth .
you eat just the beans inside , darien showed her the small , green pieces .
his pudgy body floated belly up in the slough , like a white blob of fat in a can of beans .
the salty smell of fresh shelled lima beans greeted her at the front gate .
i m starving , we know , toni interrupted yet again , putting a large plate full of rice , beans , meat and a lot of other things in front of her .
after that you can have some barbeque ribs , baked beans , and macaroni & cheese .
later that evening everyone made their way to the kitchen to get some barbeque ribs , baked beans , and macaroni & cheese .
new potatoes , green beans , rolls and beets , all produced on the farm , even a glazed ham cut , sweet , pink and smoked .
roast turkey stuffed with cornmeal and chestnut stuffing , cranberry sauce , candied carrots and yams , green beans , green beans almandine , potato souffle , acorn squash with maple syrup and pecans .
roast turkey stuffed with cornmeal and chestnut stuffing , cranberry sauce , candied carrots and yams , green beans , green beans almandine , potato souffle , acorn squash with maple syrup and pecans .
she nodded , went out and returned with a bowl of soup , beans with chunks of meat , peppers and tortillas .
they had bread stuffing , cranberry sauce and some frozen green beans and peas , all courtesy of the supply run to hannafords .
but she just passes me by with the steaming hot bowls of red beans and rice .
i like green beans .
i ve found mons beans to be quite extraordinary , daniel studied the beans lying in his hand .
tim snatched a bag of jelly beans .
dads marmalade , urgh , i hate that , i hate the strips of orange peel but there s nothing else , except tins of beans , spaghetti , packet rice & pasta .
now , they were opening cans of pork & beans and eating them cold .
were they eating the pork and beans out of bowls and were they washing those bowls afterwards ?
as to why they were eating so much pork and beans ?
i know what i want to do last , dizzy said , taking a bite of his bean and cheese burrito .
a cold lager and a sandwich were what he d promised me ; a lukewarm cup of tea and beans and toast what i got .
) five and two zeros feet from the freaking crop rows of ripen green beans .
the rich smell of the arabica beans helped to perk me up .
but ill tell you what , hoss , all that fancy stuff you can do ai nt gon na amount to a hill of beans against that man .
the best export of koorskis is the golden beans or atum beans .
the best export of koorskis is the golden beans or atum beans .
the beans are brewed into golden colored beer with a hardy robust flavor .
a crop of golden beans are very expensive to purchase which are utilized in food stuffs such like soups , sauces , meats and breads .
koorskis is famous for gold beans brewed into ale and cooked into meats , soups , and sauces , jumps down the hole .
rain throughout the year is nicely distributed for growing the famous golden beans throughout the year with a hovering air temperature of 72 degrees fahrenheit .
my phone credit would n't last for long , and so the call would be disconnected before i was done explaining how much i spend buying a cup of tea and two slices of bread for breakfast , a plate of rice and beans for lunch or a plate of ugali and sukumawiki for supper .
george was sitting down at the head of the table to a meal of meatloaf , green beans , and mashed potatoes .
christy felt a small smile on her lips and looked up from the green beans to see brianna glaring at her .
it was heaped with barbecued chicken , beans , salad , and cornbread , and caroline was making short work of a drumstick , obviously very intent on picking it clean .
it was silent for a while as everyone helped themselves to potato salad , beans , carrots , rolls , and anything else within their reach .
only jake seemed unaware of the tension , methodically stirring beans into his coleslaw , then piling the whole mixture on a warm roll and chomping half of it in one bite .
jake helped himself to a barbecued turkey burger , roasted potatoes , green beans , and his favorite , cornbread slathered with honey butter .
there were nine of them grouped at one end of the table , and besides bread , they were feasting on barbecued chicken , beans , veggie kabobs , and a tomato , corn , and avocado salad .
harry joined them , squatting beside the stove that will had used to heat their supper beans and bacon in a bag .
rice and beans !
red beans and rice !
rice , my last name , inevitably lead to the nickname beans ; red beans because of my hair .
to beans !
li'l bean ?
if we 'd had to make our odyssey across the mountains with just the tinned beans and whiskey i 'd been able to scavenge at mitty 's ...
six cans of beans , ten cans of stew , five gallons of water , two boxes of salted crackers , a box of tom mixx , three quarts of mctavish , and a carton of jefferson 's .
fluky had been manning the cockpit all morning , and after i 'd eaten a little lunch of cold canned beans , i 'd climbed up to the front of the cordwainer to relieve him .
i found some cold beans and canned meat and offered it to the cowboy .
the cowboy munched away at his beans .
sleeping in the shanties , with the other hard - luck candidates , eating beans from a can , warmed against the encroaching cold of the night by a half million dollars lining the inside of his clothes .
it has an estimated population of more than two million people , most of whom farm nuts , yams , cassava , bananas , and beans .
he took a whiff of the air and a few seconds to inspect the large , glass - covered dishes on top of the stove and surmised he would be eating some type of fish for dinner , along with rice and string beans .
for now , you re stuck with a grilled cheese sandwich and waxed beans .
patrick almost choked on a wax bean when he d heard that .
more questions emerged , but then ogra came with goat milk , tea , flatbread , beans and honey for breakfast , and he pushed his thoughts aside .
talking ceased and they dipped bread into the communal clay bowl for the beans , which were herbed and sweetened .
strong aromas permeated the airfish , hot bread , stewing beans , spices , fruits , goat and llama dung .
the sun was low in the sky when edak joined ogra and klad for spiced fish and beans at the hearth .
myrtle beach , a crock pot filled with black bean soup shed never eat , her body sprawled out on the sand , waves breaking on her hands , feet , in her mouth .
i think that this a day for a celebration , how about if we make some green beans and creamed corn to go with it .
it was nt anything elaborate just toasted cheese and bologna sandwiches with french fries and baked beans .
i fixed the baked beans with a little hamburger meat and karo syrup added .
the other day , shed held an open bag of fresh coffee beans under his nose .
the little tour paused on a dirt track located exactly where it acted to separate the two opposing forces and a place where a can of baked beans could be tossed to the other side , and the pausing of rifle fire to bring back the dead and wounded .
i sit cross - legged on the enormous beanbag beside him , sinking into the beans , my body so tired , so spent .
though many customers simply picked up their dinners complete with beans , coleslaw , cracklin bread and sweet tea others came to stay and watch , something like dinner theater , so first church set up picnic tables on the grassy area .
it was warm , with tall ceilings and redbrick walls and the scent of fresh beans in the air .
while her grandmother looks over the low - fat cheese area , she stares at the bars of olives and antipasto , follows her nose to the drums of heaped - up glistening coffee beans , turns around to stare at the christmas goodies piled up round a column .
exactly how many beans , val could nt be sure .
doris took her by the arm to the buffet table and the two of them loaded their paper plates with salad , bbq beans and bbq pork on a bun and went to find a place to sit which was nt all that easy though possible because people were constantly coming and going .
alex sat beside amy , both of them silent as they ate from a tray of green beans , boiled lamb chops ( the vegetarians had tofu salad ) , and a side of marmalade .
a few campfires glowed , and as they drew close mauer smelled bacon cooking and coffee beans roasting .
she opened a can of pork and beans , then greedily spooned in the pasty contents .
but her main staple of pork and beans made number twos inevitable .
they were about as appealing as the chilly pork and beans .
greg chuckled and then said , i hope you like cold beans .
moments later , greg placed a bowl of pork and beans in front of her and handed her a metal fork .
janet poked her fork in the beans and then asked , i thought you were going to start a fire .
like i said , i am going to start a fire , but not until after dark , so ... uh ... no , were having cold beans for dinner .
eat your beans and ill tell you what you need to know .
janet picked up her fork and poked a couple of beans , holding them up and looking at them for a moment before easing them into her mouth .
but by then , it was getting dark , and everyone involved decided to give it a rest and start up at first light the next morning , greg stopped to take another bite as janet remained silent picking at her beans but taking in every word .
most of the time , he s just a frustrated , bumbling , small - town sheriff , greg finished his beans and sat back .
greg put her half - eaten bowl of beans on the floor for shad to clean up and then joined her at the window .
more cold beans ?
it was to be a traditional english breakfast with bacon , eggs , sausages , mushrooms , tomatoes and baked beans .
` ` i know a cuban restaurant that serves good black bean soup and sourdough . ''
we were served thick , black bean soup with finely chopped onions and hard , crusted bread , along with a tiny spoon of white rice .
he made the coffee the old way , grinding the beans , boiling them in a pot .
dad is now darting around the kitchen answers , grandmas florida chicken , mashed potatoes and string beans .
after which the feast begins with venison roast , corn , string beans , sweet potatoes , mexican breads , and a big turkey too .
the bath was immediately followed by a good english breakfast : sausages , eggs , mushrooms , beans , bacon , toast and several mugs of tea to wash it all down .
jeff joined me at the table and cat shortly after , we all laid into the bacon , eggs , beans and toast .
she drops about four or five cans into the cart before studying a shelf canned green beans behind her .
still oblivious , carla then drops a pair of green bean cans into the cart and moves on without hesitation .
i go with a plate of fried chicken , macaroni and cheese , and green beans , all served buffet style .
i offer a sheepish shrug as i chew and swallow some chicken and green beans .
i fork up another combination , mac and cheese and green beans , this time .
they could have been black beans .
it almost smelled like someone was cooking lima beans .
* the beans and bacon bubbled with the rising steam tempting cathy 's taste buds .
somehow , she felt at peace as she spooned some beans on a plate and made a cup of coffee .
cathy huffed and scooped a spoonful of beans into her mouth .
this is potaje de garbanzos , or spanish bean soup in colombia , gentlemenone of my favorites , said the man at the head of the table .
above the chest freezer was another shelf stocked with several large commercial cans of baked beans , corn , a few five - pound cans of skinned tomatoes , and smaller cans of other greens .
we have hot coffee and a few steaks , and i m sure a couple cans of beans can be added to the mix .
later she wandered around the garden , collected the eggs and picked some beans .
as they entered pania breathed in the sweet aroma of freshly roasted beans .
dogs barked , chickens clucked and the smell of tortillas and beans permeated the 65 degree weather .
he was already rummaging in my minimally equipped kitchen , finding the coffee pot , beans and grinder and firing up the gas ring .
in his rented flat macallister was just tipping the baked beans over the toast when the mobile phone rang .
hash browns , sausages , beans , egg over easy , steaming black coffee .
he ordered the carne asada burrito with a side of rice and beans and shed have the same , thank you .
the aroma of pork and baked beans did the work of fully waking me up .
the pork chops are here on the counter , and the baked beans are in the pot .
i stood up finally , and went to the kitchen to heat up the leftover pork chops and baked beans .
we quietly made small talk as we ate steak , mashed potatoes , and green beans .
martin set him up with a pot of pork and beans and hot dogs , but it still seemed like an exercise in futility .
jerry burned the beans and overcooked the dogs , such that we found ourselves eating soggy , split wieners that tasted like rubber .
he chewed mouthful after mouthful of beans because he knew his body needed them , but still they tasted of ashes in his mouth .
the preacher finished his beans and sopped up their gravy with the cornbread .
espresso beans , notebook , mix cd , tampons !
his wife renee came out of the house with an oversized serving bowl filled with baked beans and set it on the picnic table next to the grill .
pruett opened the slat in the door and set down the tray of steaming refried beans , crispy flour quesadillas , and sweet rice .
i want to be on the ball for the bean counters tomorrow .
it was late afternoon , i was eating some beans .
edward uncovered a platter stacked with breaded catfish , a basket of wheat rolls , and bowls of rice and green beans .
he gestured toward the table , and the blonde woman spooned rice , green beans , and fish onto his plate .
* * * shelley fixed a dinner of roast chicken , brown rice , fresh green beans , and salad .
the fried chicken , mashed potatoes and gravy , green beans , salad , and hot biscuits lay spread across the table .
they had got the beans rufus mother had sent them to the general store to get , actually neither one knew if they had the right ones .
i ' m telling you , she told me to get some kidney beans .
you sure she did n't say pinto beans ?
i think she said pinto beans .
besides all black folks eat pinto beans do n't they ?
my mama said get some kidney beans .
come high water , come jesus we should ' ve come back with some damn kidney beans .
whoever heard of some kidney beans in the first place ?
he threw an imaginary bag of beans into james deans lap .
maybe some neck bones and green beans with some sweet potatoes , and you ca n't forget about the dessert .
the caf was a nasty one , one of those where the road gang slop baked beans into everything and the sign painter ca nt spell freshly or potatoes .
a lot of baked beans got slopped around .
the bags were labeled as an assortment of lentils , peas , beans , other legumes , potatoes ; basically any food that can be stored in dry condition for a near indefinite period of time .
penny had fixed a pork roast with mashed potatoes and gravy ; a green bean casserole , cauliflower with cheese sauce and coleslaw.-for dessert , they had hickory nut pie , another of the recipes from grandmother lydias kitchen.-johnny had gathered the hickory nuts last fall and they had burst the nuts and picked out the kernels and chrissy had made the pie .
daniel pulled a ziploc bag full of jelly beans out from under his seat .
the farm itself comprised of the main house , several shacks for the migrant workers , a drying house for the beans after they were picked , a building used for the sorting and final packing of the beans and a small building that housed the generator and pumps for the well .
the remaining skid was a mixture of beans and ground coffee easily identified by the packaging .
two lincolnshire sausages , bacon , fried eggs , fried tomatoes , beans , mushrooms , couple of hash browns and hot toast , the butter melting into it .
there was ground , seasoned beef , refried beans , two kinds of shredded cheese , black olive slices , lettuce , onions , diced tomatoes , salsa and sour cream .
a defeated grey - haired man in a cheap blue uniform has a four pack of heinz baked beans in each hand .
the machine spills its worthless beans .
she pulls out a silver foil sack of unexploited beans from an earthenware jar and pours them into a tall chrome and glass jar .
she pushes down the plunger , forcing the colombian beans to the bottom of the glass jug .
i should have gotten a second bean burrito , i m still hungry .
miranda was cooking blackened catfish , scratch biscuits and dirty rice with red bean gravy , and would love for him to stay .
black - bean sliders with avocado slices ?
three different types of dip sit before him , neatly arranged on the plate in their own individual ceramic bowls ; a bright red chunky salsa , a concoction of refried beans , and a slightly blackened guacamole .
the refried beans also coated in fluffy moss , coloured hairs sprouting out of their skins .
anna stopped short of a mouthful of beans .
instead , sheila set a pot of beans to stew for the day .
street lights , lino floor tiles in the kitchen , shampoo , pizza , shaving cream , the kettle , tins of beans , the garden hose , the foam inside my sofa ( which he cut open fiddling around with a swiss army knife !
' bacon and eggs , fried bread , hash browns and beans please . '
it means that for breakfast you can have : porridge or a kipper or a sausage and beans or beans and fried bread .
it means that for breakfast you can have : porridge or a kipper or a sausage and beans or beans and fried bread .
ill have a sausage and beans .
when he d finished his beans and ( almost meatless ) sausage , foxy sat mournfully contemplating his watery tea and his future blimey , i never thought it would come to this : the end of the line , literally its only a couple of miles from southend but it feels like siberia .
when the breakfast arrived eggs , bacon , sausages , beans , fried bread and even a tomato foxy sat watching the soldier plough through it .
he was more of a beans , beans , the musical fruit kind of guy .
he was more of a beans , beans , the musical fruit kind of guy .
he went into his apartment and left the slip of paper on the table while he did his best to fix some beans and a small piece of meat for his dinner .
` ` we got a thick slice of ham , green beans , and fried potatoes , '' molly said .
still want the potatoes and beans ? ''
he lived on hot dogs and beans and never drank or ate out .
its staff cleaned and cooked up the pan fish caught by its customers and served them on plates covered with small red potatoes , green beans , and a simple mountain kale and onion salad .
69 lois opened a can of beans .
then she returned home , felt the hot bowl of beans and the unopened can of potted meat resting in the sunlight beside it .
its beans and some potted ham , she said .
robert ate some of the beans .
they were plain pinto beans , but to his increasing hunger and his skinny frame , they were delicious .
the menu included baked chicken , mashed potatoes , and green beans .
here , there were stacks of boxes of canned goods and sacks of rice , flour , and beans .
after eating a snack ( potato chips and refried beans ) he called .
but i say that sentence do nt add up to a hill of beans zachary , cause those were nt boys .
no refried beans tonight .
homemade tortilla , refried beans , chunks of boiled potato with a little green chili sauce .
now , whatever you have against him does nt matter beans to me , but save the cole sage did this , that and the other thing , cause nobodys buying it .
mashed potatoes on the side , smooth as a baby 's cheek , and green beans , each bean the exact same length .
mashed potatoes on the side , smooth as a baby 's cheek , and green beans , each bean the exact same length .
he had his wife learn to make mexican and spanish food ( especially after a little prompting with the back of his hand on her faceonly where it would nt leave a mark ) , and for their dinner they ate simple chicken , bean and rice burritos with a green salsa , while a lively recording of a cuban band played in the background .
well , i found some trail mix , some disinfectant wipes , a bag of jelly beans , a half bottle of scotch , a sewing kit , and your hat .
we will use the jelly beans , trail mix , and peanuts when we need to travel , if we are forced to abandon the aircraft .
i suggest to the group that we eat a bag of peanuts or maybe a few jelly beans to give us all a little bit of energy .
we are nibbling as we walk , and i have to say that having just a few jelly beans did the trick .
anna cooked steak , mashed potatoes , beans , and mixed vegetables .
i did nt like beans so i only put steak , mashed potatoes , and mixed vegetables on my plate .
she turned to alisa and asked her why she did nt tell her i did nt eat beans and that she could ve made something else instead .
eight pounds ought to do ... and four pounds of red beans .
that looks like the kind of jar grammy uses to can green beans from grampas garden , billy said .
how 's chicken and mashed potatoes and green beans sound to you ?
liu started into a bean soup .
his mouth - loader , a fork full of cheese and beans , stopped in midair .
we 're having turkey , ham , mashed potatoes , stuffing , green beans , and some pies . ''
chicken , green beans , bread and lukewarm coffee .
i started to get up to fetch some tinned beans so i could feed pa , and caught a whiff of them cooking .
how on earth had hinto opened the tin and heated the beans without me hearing ?
the beans were bubbling in their own sauce , the enticing glubglub sound reminding me just how hungry i was .
when i finished , i noticed hinto was eating one of his meat strips , but had n't touched the beans .
hinto nodded , poured a small portion of the beans onto his meat strip , and proceeded to eat his meal in small measured bites .
when he finished , he poured a cup of water and plated the rest of the beans and started toward pa .
he would hold up his hand now and again so we could attend to pa 's needs , or eat a can of beans or cook a rabbit or some other critter he shot with his bow and arrow .
dishes of chicken , scrambled eggs with shrimp , and braised green beans were delivered to the table along with steamed rice and tea .
with chopsticks , she reached for a single green bean and took a bite before setting the other half of the green bean in her bowl .
soup , duck , shrimp , broccoli , and black bean sauce along with shards of broken ceramics were spread everywhere .
you bet me your green beans , your sandwich , and your brownie at lunchtime , and you lost ! ''
not ronald reagans jelly beans , just jelly beans .
not ronald reagans jelly beans , just jelly beans .
men do this sometimes and it does n't amount to a hill of beans .
set off from the kitchen was a pantry with shelves of jarred pears , peaches , blackberries , tomatoes , okra , corn , squash , peas and beans , colors muted by the blue glass of mason jars .
she was standing on a stool , trying to reach the green beans on the top shelf of her pantry when he came in.carol turned around and said , you brought pizza ! ''
the plates that he delivered to them today were heaped with generous servings of red beans and rice , grilled andouille sausage , shrimp etouffe , and brown corn dodgers .
so much movement people jostling their way down city streets ; cars on the expressways running like ... like metal tins of beans moving along a conveyor belt .
the stuff from the bottom of an unfinished can of beans , the slop after a big dinner , a few curling banana peels and some flesh that does nt seem quite ready to turn .
the eggs , bacon , sausage , beans and fried tomatoes were already lying heavily .
she was a little slim for his taste and he liked a little red beans with his ricea little sleek and nasty in his female and he could nt imagine this woman being like that at all .
thomas pepper lost his dinner of sauted lamb chops and green beans .
the concoction of olfactory bombardment oscillated from slightly rancid protein to waves of roasted coffee beans .
he took another bite of the turkey , followed by several bright green blanched beans .
prison rations -- a spoon - full of beans and rice - actually held some appeal to the starving prisoner about now .
little cutlets of meat , watery instant potatoes and green beans most likely were on their way .
` ` they forget how to teach you how many beans to stick in in proportion to the water ? ''
he told her it was made with beans grown on the high plateaus of mt .
she grated some cheese and heated the beans , but when it was ready , she could n't bring herself to eat it .
when it looked as though kate had finally spilled all the beans , sam stood up and went to fill the kettle .
there was the smell of burnt beans .
they passed the b & m baked bean factory .
i picked up two beans and placed them on his card .
when i bent to pick up the chair , i knocked dad 's cup of beans over .
i picked up the plate of fried bacon , eggs , potatoes , beans , fried - bread and mushrooms all preselected as my personal preferences and lifted some mushrooms and potatoes to my mouth with the forkette .
baked beans , corned beef with opening keys attached , soup , peach slices , as far as ben could ascertain .
the other he thought was beans , but it was difficult to make out the labels in the weak moonlight .
wow , baked beans in tomato sauce .
mcbride tipped up the can and poured baked beans straight into his mouth .
despite the cold breeze , they sat in the cockpit eating bacon and baked beans .
but tomatoes and beans .
` ` refried beans and burritos , just like me , '' he announced proudly .
they ordered : number 8 combo with enchiladas , tacos and tamales , beans , rice and a side of corn tortillas for archer , two tacos for josie .
they had something in common after all , the lawyer and the woman who served beer and beans .
we all had ten of something , paper pieces , jelly beans , coinsanything we could find to hold in our hands .
but there 's nothing like putting in a good straight row of beans .
then lunging for more milk , mustard , and beans of their so - called 100 percent kona coffee , which in the fine print was a 100 percent blend with about three percent real kona beans .
then lunging for more milk , mustard , and beans of their so - called 100 percent kona coffee , which in the fine print was a 100 percent blend with about three percent real kona beans .
daddy was talking between heaping forks full of beans .
` ` john would you like some more green beans , '' asked momma in another desperate attempt to change the subject .
` ` not right now katherine , thanks , '' replied daddy as he reached across the table and spooned himself up a bunch of green beans .
mom , grandma , and jerrick sat around the dinner table , having a sunday supper : roasted pork chops , mashed potatoes , green beans , and cornbread .
their digestive systems remove the bitterness from the coffee beans , adding lots of flavor .
she drains the water from the vegetable pans , kicks down on the pedal bin and empties green beans and carrots into the black plastic mouth of the bin .
women sold charcoal by the chunk , beans by the handful , twigs for cleaning teeth .
she opened it and pulled out a bag of coffee beans .
as he stuck the dirty fork he always used into the unlabeled can of cold beans he contemplated the same forlorn desire he thought of every single morning .
and , thus , perched over two steaming cups of freshly - ground beans i told her far more than i intended to .
it looked like baked chicken and green beans .
she found another piece of chicken in the fridge along with some more green beans .
the basement looked like a meeting room , but instead of chairs there were bean bags in a circle with candles and incense in the middle .
every day it was the same : a full english breakfast consisting of two rashers of bacon , one fried egg and beans .
solution : avoid carbonated drinks , such as champagne , and any beans , vegetables and pulses .
patsy was sitting at the kitchen table , trying to put her make up on , balancing a tiny mirror against a tin of beans .
then there is the main course : sauted red snapper with braised pancetta , fava beans and saffron .
they bought flour and shortening to make tortillas , lots of beans in both cans and bags , and rice .
they did not eat butter beans , snap beans , squash , eggplant , or turnips , but preferred tomatoes , onions , potatoes , peppers , and corn .
they did not eat butter beans , snap beans , squash , eggplant , or turnips , but preferred tomatoes , onions , potatoes , peppers , and corn .
my mother and grandmother would shell peas or butter beans .
gran and my mother shelled butter beans and peas on the other side of the small porch .
the soft snap and crunch of the butter beans and peas stopped .
the peas and butter beans had been shelled .
under the strict supervision of my mother , i began picking tomatoes , cucumbers , peas , butter beans , corn - almost everything in the garden .
supper would be beans and cold biscuits .
my mother was shelling butter beans .
i was sitting on the front porch , listening to the cardinals and watching my mother and gran shell peas and butter beans , when i saw a cloud of dust coming from the bridge .
next to it were the beans - black - eyed peas , crowder peas , green beans cooked with ham , and butter beans .
next to it were the beans - black - eyed peas , crowder peas , green beans cooked with ham , and butter beans .
next to it were the beans - black - eyed peas , crowder peas , green beans cooked with ham , and butter beans .
it was a source of pride among the women , and i often heard the ladies around the church boast of putting up so many jars of butter beans or of this and that .
i played with my butter beans and tried to imagine what my parents were thinking .
eggs , bacon , fried potatoes , beans , all on an enamel plate .
` ` beans , bullets and bandages , '' fowler said .
` ` beans and bandages , '' reacher said .
thinkin it over on my way home from the market , the only thing i was curious about was what joe told tommy and the others i 'd done - forgot to put his bedroom slippers under the stove so they 'd be warm when he stepped into em , maybe , or cooked the beans too mushy on sat'dy night .
even if he 'd picked it somehow ( which is a laugh ; that man could n't get a forkful of lima beans from his plate to his mouth without droppin half of em in his lap ) , the passbooks would either show the withdrawals or be stamped account closed in the red ink the bank uses ... and they did n't show neither one .
as far as that kitty was concerned , she did n't have to recognize jack shit on a hill of beans if she did n't want to .
supper was a pail of pork and beans , which she served into metal bowls with a ladle taken from her apron pocket .
the beans were dark and soupy and mixed with a generous spoonful of molasses .
it must have been fried separately and mixed with the beans afterward .
it had been shredded and chopped and mixed with beans two - alarm sauce from a bottle .
pauling should have been cracking cans of beer and kate should have been making toast and heating beans .
in the morning , nothing remained of his aches except the soreness of the hands , and kissy gave him the rare treat of an egg beaten up in his rice and bean curd and he apologized for his bad manners of the night before .
he wondered how the seven men of its crew were now supporting the noise as they munched their pork and beans .
they searched in the debris and quarrel unearthed a couple of unopened tins of heinz pork and beans .
i got one of the cooking pots and cleaned it out and we poured the beans into it .
she picked up his hand and bond felt the cold mess of beans being poured into it .
when langdon arrived home around six , he began his morning ritual of hand - grinding sumatra coffee beans and savoring the exotic scent that filled his kitchen .
returning to his coffee preparation , langdon scooped some additional beans into the grinder .
she would make heavenly smelling , thick black bean soup with whole frankfurters floating in it , and platters of succulent bratwurst , and potato pancakes with fluffy edges of brown lace .
there was a salad with garbanzo beans , stuffed mushrooms , veal piccata , linguini and baked chicken .
as she set the scorched meat and beans in front of him , she forgot her carefully rehearsed speech and wildly blurted out , ` ` i ' m so sorry , charles .
the menu of the day consisted of a watery tuna casserole , limp green beans , a pale custard , and a choice of weak coffee or a synthetic fruit drink .
paulita snatched a lone green bean from a plate next to her .
there were two standards of food in the penitentiary : the prisoners ate hash , hot dogs , beans , or inedible casseroles , while the meals for the guards and prison officials were prepared by professional chefs .
foie gras to begin with , followed by a cream of mushroom soup under a delicate crust , fillets of john dory , and then the main course : lamb with rosemary and pommes souffles with french beans and a mesclun salad with hazelnut oil .
over badly fried chicken and butter beans , ron did more listening than talking .
he longed for the anonymity of the streets , the nameless faces , the arab baker on m street who made a perfect bagel , the used - book dealer on wisconsin , the coffeehouse where they roasted beans from africa .
` ` i think it 's a good idea to lay off the booze during lunch ; '' chap said as they huddled around trevor 's desk and tried not to spill black beans and ground beef .
maybe i 'll just go for hot dogs and beans . ''
he had finished a dinner of boiled pork , pinto beans , and corn bread , and he was reading a case from the ninth circuit in california about an inmate who faced his death so calmly his lawyers decided he must be crazy .
they entered a narrow room with fishing gear hanging from the walls and ceilings , with rickety wooden shelves covered with food - crackers , sardines , canned sausages , bread , pork and beans , cupcakes - all the necessities for a day on the river .
beans , peas , mashed potatoes , and several slices of dry toast .
sam would never see new orleans , never again eat oysters or red beans and rice , never taste a cold beer or a good coffee .
sam took three bites of pinto beans and some of the corn bread , then placed the tray at the end of his bed .
they ordered red beans and rice , and chatted about the hearing .
string bean .
lunch was sandwiches and beans .
asgar joined him , carrying a bowl of the same rice laced with mutton scraps , carrots , onions , and some kind of shelled bean , all held together by melted sheep - tail fat , which they had eaten in the longtang .
after a short prayer , they dug into their plates of texas barbeque - massive beef ribs , a deep , glossy red ; baked beans with bits of fiery chile peppers in them ; and , in the lone concession to the vegetable kingdom , steak fries .
from a glass jar , he shook out a fistful of coffee beans that had been roasted hours ago .
one of the latina women looked up from reading the newspaper comics pages , her lunch , a tupperware container of beans and rice , half - eaten in front of her .
the young man returned with a tray laden with food - an array of small dishes , from rice and beans to fried chilies and smoked seafood .
she took him back to the cafe , where he ordered burritos de machaca and a huge plate of cowboy beans larded with chiles pasados .
he mopped up the last of his beans .
the air smelled of refried beans and other sharp , acidic scents of norteno cooking .
back downstairs , he rummaged through the larder , opened up a can of heinz baked beans , and ate the contents cold from the backs of his two fingers .
` ` he has this thing for barbecue beans .
he looked through the countless one - pound bags of coffee beans in the refrigerator until he found southern pecan , and measured four perfect scoops into the grinder .
a small dish of slaw and one of baked beans sat around a foot - long slab of dry ribs sprinkled heavily with the secret sauce .
at one , she parked in a lot full of volvos and bmws and saabs and more peugeots and walked hurriedly through the cold rain into the crowded terrarium where the young affluent gathered to eat quiche and fajitas and black bean soup among the plants .
there were butter beans , likewise unbattered and unfried , but rather cooked with ham hocks and bacon .
the corn , okra , and butter beans had been canned from her garden last august .
she and esau grew four types of tomatoes , butter beans , string beans , black - eyed peas , crowder peas , cucumbers , eggplant , squash , collards , mustard greens , turnips , vidalia onions , yellow onions , green onions , cabbage , okra , new red potatoes , russet potatoes , carrots , beets , corn , green peppers , cantaloupes , two varieties of watermelon , and a few other things she could n't recall at the moment .
she and esau grew four types of tomatoes , butter beans , string beans , black - eyed peas , crowder peas , cucumbers , eggplant , squash , collards , mustard greens , turnips , vidalia onions , yellow onions , green onions , cabbage , okra , new red potatoes , russet potatoes , carrots , beets , corn , green peppers , cantaloupes , two varieties of watermelon , and a few other things she could n't recall at the moment .
she ate some butter beans .
she tore off a snap bean , broke it in two , analyzed it like a scientist , and offered the guarded opinion that they needed much more sun .
red and yellow tomatoes , cucumbers and onions in vinegar , butter beans , snap beans , peas , okra , squash , boiled potatoes , corn on the cob , and always hot corn bread .
red and yellow tomatoes , cucumbers and onions in vinegar , butter beans , snap beans , peas , okra , squash , boiled potatoes , corn on the cob , and always hot corn bread .
now , as the air was cooler and the leaves were turning , miss callie was preparing heartier dishes - duck stew , lamb stew , chili , red beans and rice with pork sausage , and the old standby , pot roast .
sam cleared me through the bivouac and we went to the kitchen table where miss callie was shelling butter beans , a task she always performed on the rear porch .
for several minutes the two men ate rapidly - feasting on eggs cooked with slices of chorizo sausage , black beans , and spicy pico de gallo , a salsa made with red and green chilies , tomatoes , onions , cilantro , and small dollops of sour cream .
they 'd just dined on succulent beef tenderloin , yukon gold potatoes , and crisp green beans .
i fill a large paper plate with chicken and baked beans and coleslaw , and go to the tiny patio , where i eat in solitude .
black beans and risotto , herbal tea .
i eat slowly , stirring my beans and staring at the -ninety - two names on the jury list .
he ate tacos and fried beans in the food garden with a teenager named kevin , a co - worker .
she flung a few green beans alongside a chicken breast and a dinner roll , and left .
black bean soup arrived , and we ordered more beer .
after the wake , he ate dinner with harry rex at claude 's , the black diner on the south side of the square where the monday special was barbecued chicken and baked beans so spicy they served ice tea by the half - gallon .
spooned a heap of coffee beans onto a saucer and placed them on the middle shelf .
they grew corn and beans and built up a big acreage .
or a bushel of beans .
or a peck or a quart or however the hell you measure beans .
the women from the kitchen have begun to circulate through the tables with big black garbage bags , for soon they must retire to their domain to prepare the evening 's great feast of potato salad , mashed potatoes , creamed potatoes , baked beans , jell - o salad , marshmallow salad , and whipped - cream salad , plus of course more mighty strawberry shortcake !
one of the men with the charred hair tried to vault over the railing , caught his foot , and fell headfirst into a small side garden where norma had grown beans earlier in the year .
when i was off the phone and teentsy put a plate with country fried steak , potatoes , and green beans in front of me , i suddenly saw the bright side of being a resident manager .
tonight she 'd picked chicken baked in a white sauce , green beans , homemade rolls , sweet potato casserole , and a tossed salad .
i opened a can of green beans , put them in a very nice saucepan , and began to cook the rice in the microwave ( chipped corningware casserole , aged small microwave ) .
` ` homemade guacamole with rice and beans . ''
` ` that 's why i added rice and beans . ''
into starbucks and the intimate odor of the beans and the chromed shine of mugs , french presses , and espresso machines as world music throbbed through speakers in the ceiling .
he removes a glove , touches the ham - cold and hard as ore . a pot sits there , the beans frozen in their broth .
the rich smell of roasted coffee beans mingled with the air outside the open vestibule .
i simmered a can of pork and beans on top of the kerosene heater , and as they filled the cabin with their sweet , smoky aroma , i surveyed the desert for orson .
then i started a pot of water on the gas stove and ground a handful of french roasted coffee beans in the burr mill .
i think seven years to him do n't mean a hill of beans .
he removes a glove , touches the ham - cold and hard as ore . a pot of beans have frozen in their broth .
they dined at the kitchen table as the light ran out - two cans of cold navy beans split between the four of them , three pretzels apiece , water from one of the plastic jugs dee had brought in from the rover .
she handed him a can of pork and beans .
and one day the workers at one of his coffee bean processing plants are sifting through a vat of beans and they find a foot .
that 's how your wife and a six - year - old girl you had cut up and thrown into a vat of coffee beans felt .
bubba had called dibs on both legs and a wing , so the rest of us ate white meat , politely passed around the bowls of green beans and spuds , and buttered our rolls with pinkies extended .
` ` cool beans , '' i said .
nora brought out the last of the dishes , green beans with garlic that steamed as she placed it on the table .
` ` i have potatoes need peeling and beans need washing , young man .
joe had ordered ropa vieja with black beans and yellow rice .
she slipped on her pajama top and peered through two huge cans of baked beans to see what he was doing .
eggs , bacon , baked beans , sausages , fried tomatoes , mushrooms , black pudding , hash browns , and a fried slice , '' the man rattled off .
tonight he had a delicate pigeon bisque , turbot , rouen duckling with orange , spit - roasted veal , green beans au jus , artichokes , and a table full of cream puffs , fruit , and tiny cakes .
this one contained beans in more glistening liquid , and i devoured that , too , scooping the red mush out with my fingers .
most were too faded or torn to read , but i was still able to pick out a lot of canned vegetables , fruit , beans and soup .
stick gave me an apologetic look before scooping out handfuls of beans , devouring them with as much gusto as rat , whose face was now smeared with a slimy coating .
we do n't have much , but i ' m sure we can spare a bag of chips or a can of beans or something .
rations were simple : half a can of beans or a few strips of dried meat , whatever they had scavenged or hunted or gathered .
canned beans , fruit and stew in bowls were a little trickier .
by the time i hit the checkout line with my mini - blowtorch , ramekins , cream , egg separator , double boiler , and organic vanilla beans , i 'd racked up a surprisingly high bill - more than my bank account held .
alanna blurred back and forth between the kitchen and the dining room , bringing out warm platters piled high with mashed potatoes , green beans , broccoli crowns with almond slivers , and lastly , a tray of perfectly just - cooked - enough steaks .
my eyes drifted around everyone at this mammoth , elaborate table , the platters of steaks , freshly caught fish , mashed potatoes and green beans , slightly separating everyone .
they were all given a steak , a spoonful of potatoes , a small helping of the fish ben and teren had caught earlier , and a forkful of beans .
but instead of cocoa beans , hers was brewed with blood .
you 're not allergic to green beans , are you ? ''
however , when alexander lifted them , a delicious sight and smell lay before us -- a dinner of lemon chicken , buttered green beans , and rice pilaf .
ticked , i looked across the street to the starbucks catering to uptown snits who needed sixty different ways to brew a bean in order to not be happy with any of them .
even if ivy only offered so i would n't have to put my life on the line for a can of beans , it sounded fair .
returning to the motel room with jenks , jax , the kitten , and nick to make my peachy - keen illegal charms and black curses had all the appeal of eating cold lima beans .
unless he was grinding the beans himself , or waiting for glenn to get back from detroit , i figured he 'd come in knowing more than i did .
i caught the bean midair and shoved it in my mouth .
she had bought lots of gummy bears , three tins of baked beans , some cheese , a packet of choco- drop krackles , and a whole ton of bananas .
we had sliced bananas and baked beans , which wanda mixed up in a saucepan .
i spent the rest of the day in our wednesday bedroom feeling sick , and if any one had mentioned bananas and baked beans i probably would have been sick .
refried beans .
the three of them got everything ready , and sometime midway through the assembly - line process they 'd developed - claire putting meat in taco shells , eve adding toppings , shane spooning beans onto the plates - a fourth pair of hands added itself to the line .
` ` all i need now is the powdered eggs , canned beans and coffee that were in my pack and i 'll die happy . ''
fresh ground coffee beans , with a hint of vanilla , and a mouthwatering array of muffins fragranced the air .
jenna turned her attention back to her food , but when her green beans had made their third circuit around her plate , i pushed my dinner away and said , ` ` spit it out . ''
i did n't find any , but i did find a few cans of beans on a shelf in one of the front offices .
the beans settled nicely in my stomach - cold as they were - and i lay back for an hour , quiet and thoughtful .
water , beans -- ca n't really screw that up .
you want some beans ? ''
` ` would you care for some beans , ma'am ? ''
there was a lot more about these days , a bread made from flour ground up with dried pease and beans and vegetable scrapings .
` ` a few beans , perhaps ?
` ` i 'll - ` ` there was a shadow , a sense of movement , and the vampire slumped forward , stunned by an eight - ounce sack of coffee beans that had dropped out of a clear sky .
a necklace of the roast beans , that 'd be the thing .
` ` spaghetti and baked beans just do n't cut it after a few days . ''
` ` did n't i tell you to run out first thing this morning and pick up some rice and canned beans ?
maybe he 'd just head out for a little detour on his way to the store for those beans and rice his mother wanted .
as the kitchen filled with the aroma of fresh - brewed beans for a second time that morning , she turned back to the little table where she and jenna were having breakfast .
chicken nuggets , green beans , and a sugar cookie .
not kidney beans and tomatoes , '' she pointed out with amusement , and then explained , ` ` aunt marguerite asked me to make my famous ' smokin ' hot chili ' for supper .
he unrolled a linen napkin , took out a heavy silver fork , and sampled the lamb , the rice , and the green beans .
five seconds later , i heard her taking the lid off the slow cooker , and a new wave of tomato , beans , and spices wafted out .
and he kills people like a homeless man opens a can of beans . ''
fingers slow , i gathered the bowl of jelly beans from my mom 's baby - shower game and followed her .
meredith speared a green bean and eyed it thoughtfully .
flowers said as she began to make ham sandwiches , potato salad , and a large kettle of baked beans .
without waiting for the rest of the family to be served , or helping herself to the potatoes , beans , and rol s set in heaping bowls on the table , violet dug in .
i give her the update as she fills a plate with mac and cheese , green beans and corn for jamie .
i ' m busy chopping tomatoes while she pretends to watch the sweet potato and black bean mixture .
cool beans .
it was one tyree 's grandma would often hum whenever she shelled beans on her front porch when he was a kid .
peter was busy making himself a full english breakfast : bacon and eggs , sausages and beans , and lots of fried bread .
fiji got the items on the rev 's short list and delivered them to his little bare house , and in her own kitchen she cooked between helping store customers , so she could take bobo chicken and dumplings and some seasoned green beans .
it was confusing but fascinating , even though manfred 's mouth was still watering over the baked chicken and green beans with new potatoes that were cooling on his plate .
starbucks has a new scone , called a petite vanilla bean .
a bowl of spicy baked beans followed , along with a saucer of carrot - laced coleslaw .
i swallowed a spoonful of the warm beans and focused on the sauce that coated them , trying to isolate the many flavors .
baked beans , too .
hands shaking , i popped the top off the styrofoam cup , tilted back the container , and let the lukewarm baked beans slide into my mouth .
the guy 's brown eyes flicked around the restaurant , taking in everything from the baked beans bubbling on the stove behind me to the hissing french fryer to the battered , bloody copy of where the red fern grows mounted on the wall beside the cash register .
sophia stood next to the stove , her black eyes flat and disinterested as she watched the beans bubble .
sophia went back to the stove to check on her baked beans .
at the stove , sophia ladled baked beans into glass mason jars to take home to her older sister , jo - jo .
the goth dwarf grunted , gathered up her glass mason jars full of baked beans , and headed out the back door to go home to her sister , jo - jo .
i stood in the pork pit , chopping onions to add to tomorrow 's baked beans .
a barbecue beef sandwich , baked beans , iced blackberry tea , some coleslaw from the dwarf 's metal vat .
xavier ordered two barbecue pork sandwiches , coleslaw , baked beans , and a blackberry lemonade .
by the time i locked the front door and walked back over to the counter , sophia had dished up xavier 's coleslaw and baked beans , and roslyn 's cherry pie with ice cream .
the spicy smells of baked beans and barbecue sauce flavoring the air .
in between scarfing down two hot dogs loaded with spicy chili , onions , shredded cheddar cheese , and sweet honey mustard , along with baked beans and a big slice of my still - warm chocolate - chip pound cake .
roslyn slammed her small handbag down on the counter next to finn , startling him and making him jiggle the spoonful of baked beans he 'd been ready to shove into his mouth .
the beans slipped off his spoon and splattered on his gray suit jacket , along with a healthy amount of barbecue sauce .
how i 'd grabbed the box from one of the rooms in the back and raced into the storefront , packing up all the sandwiches and beans and fries and cookies that had n't been eaten that day .
sophia deveraux and i had been cooking nonstop today , whipping up dozens of barbecue beef and pork platters , gallons of beans , mounds of french fries , buckets of coleslaw , and more .
sophia shrugged in answer to my question , her sharp gaze never leaving the bubbling beans in front of her .
she gave the pot of beans another stir , the muscles in her arm bulging with the small motion .
the goth dwarf knew all about my problems with jonah mcallister and had actually stopped stirring her pot of baked beans long enough to stare over her shoulder at the three of us .
sophia grunted her acknowledgment and kept stirring her beans .
jonah mcallister ordered a cheeseburger and fries , while elektra lafleur opted for a barbecue pork sandwich with baked beans , french fries , and a side of coleslaw .
i finished mcallister 's cheeseburger , while sophia dished up lafleur 's baked beans .
i read my book , sophia cooked her latest batch of beans , the other couple gobbled up their dinner , and my enemies dug into theirs .
` ` it 's a ham sandwich , beans , fries , and two pieces of strawberry pie .
finn had already finished a late lunch of a barbecue pork sandwich , baked beans , and coleslaw , and was ready to move on to dessert .
xavier ordered a double cheeseburger with all the fixings , along with fries and baked beans .
sophia and i served up hot , steaming barbecue beef and pork sandwiches , along with thick , juicy cheeseburgers , sweet - and - sour coleslaw , baked beans , and more .
owen opted for a barbecue beef sandwich with coleslaw , baked beans , and a side of creamy macaroni salad .
sophia grunted , and her black eyes cut in their direction , but the dwarf did n't stop ladling up bowls full of baked beans for the current crop of customers .
i scribbled down their orders , collected the menus , and went to the back counter where sophia was dishing up the latest order of baked beans .
after a few more seconds , the customers went back to their sandwiches , along with the baked beans , fried onion rings , and other hearty side dishes .
` ` well , right now , i want a sweet iced blackberry tea , a bacon cheeseburger , potato salad , baked beans , and a slice of that cherry pie in the cake stand .
he ate them all at once , taking a bite of burger , then one of potato salad , then beans , and finally one of pie , instead of waiting to eat his dessert after he finished everything else .
bria ordered a burger topped with spicy chili and sharp cheddar cheese , onion rings , potato salad , and a vanilla bean milkshake to go with her slice of peach pie .
behind me , the brick wall of the pork pit let out low , sluggish , contented sighs , much the way the diners inside did after finishing a hot , greasy barbecue sandwich , baked beans , and all of the other southern treats that i served up on a daily basis .
he held out his plate , and sophia dished him up some baked beans and fries , and a thick , hearty , barbecued - beef sandwich .
she drew a long , thin lighter out of her jeans pocket , the one she 'd used to light the sterno cans that warmed the baked beans and other food .
then i spent the rest of the morning and on into the afternoon cooking up burgers , baked beans , and the thick , hearty barbecue sandwiches that my gin joint was so famous for .
finally , three hours later , i cleared away the remains of the dessert course , the chocolate souffles that fletcher had made earlier , along with fresh summer berries topped with a light , airy vanilla bean pudding and garnished with thin , crispy shortbread cookies .
sebastian ordered a barbecue beef sandwich , baked beans , and some macaroni salad , along with a cheeseburger , fries , and a triple chocolate milkshake for charlotte .
ten jars of bush 's best baked beans rose above her head and came down on top of the stalker 's skull with a solid , crunchy thud .
corn or beans ? ''
a ceramic dish shattered next to her , spraying green beans over the counter .
` ` green beans .
` ` you continue to stay silent and i 'll cook your frank and beans next . ''
there go the frank and beans , i thought with a wince .
both she and emery had ordered barbecue - beef sandwiches with sides of baked beans , fried green tomatoes , and potato salad .
staring down at my food , the contents of my plate really did n't appear appetizing , but i stabbed into my macaroni expecting it would go down easier than the small steak or the green beans .
he seemed to be enjoying his double scoop of vanilla bean on a waffle cone .
then i sat back and ate the rest of the cold meat and beans .
` ` they are made from ground mesquite beans or pine nuts mixed with tallow or bear grease , and honey .
the roast , country potatoes , green beans , and bread looked good , smelled wonderful , and tasted even better , but when she offered drake a bite of roast dipped in gravy , he refused .
and not one of them meant a hill of beans to me .
` ` except a witch 's fart after she eats a bean burrito . ''
` ` but since you were n't forthcoming with me , your argument does n't amount to a hill of beans . ''
ashe felt queasy as he stared at the roast beef subs craig had laid out buffet style , with chips and baked beans .
he was n't touching the beans ; his stomach was tied in knots as it was .
sali and ashe grabbed plates , put burgers together and loaded any space left with potato salad , baked beans and chips .
the cook had prepared barbecued ribs and chicken for the crowd , with potato salad , baked beans , rolls and apple pie for dessert .
ashe was picking at green beans while he listened to his mother make conversation .
sali picked at his green beans while ashe watched his friend .
sali speared two whole green beans and stuffed them in his mouth .
ashe asked , placing a plate of chicken , mashed potatoes and green beans in front of his mother .
narissa cooked meat later , setting toff to peeling potatoes for mashing and snapping green beans for cooking .
* * * i now understood the words for potatoes , carrots , snap beans and sugar .
they were more than happy with what they were served ; i made stuffed pork chops , sauteed snap beans and squash .
weldon carved up the turkey for everyone and the werewolves stuffed themselves on turkey and dressing , mashed potatoes and giblet gravy , green bean casserole , a broccoli rice casserole in case you did n't do green beans , corn on the cob , yams , fresh rolls , pumpkin , pecan , apple and chocolate pies .
winkler ordered the chicken - fried steak , along with mashed potatoes and gravy , green beans and ranch on his salad .
next is a field of plants , at least twice the size of the other fields i ' ve run past , the corn and wheat and green beans .
measured fields of grain , corn , beans .
the fact that my mom always cooks spaghetti and meatballs on sunday , and the fact that once a month my dad takes over the kitchen and makes his ` ` special stew , '' which is just hot - dog pieces and baked beans and lots of extra ketchup and molasses , and i would never admit to liking it , but it 's actually one of my favorite meals .
i push the button and the coffee maker grinds the beans , empties them into the coned filter and starts to brew .
i finish that bite and decide to try the green beans and- whatever that is - on top of them .
but hand the kid a chicken nugget or a green bean or a stick of celery , and into the queso it goes .
i stared at what was inside : a packet of coffee granules , cans of beans , four eggs .
we ate the beans , scraping the cans clean .
a glass dish of pearled barley , tossed with pine nuts and fat black beans that shone like drops of onyx .
the beans were warm , the nuts brittle and sweet .
i swapped two pills for a sterno , some matches , and a tin of beans at duckett 's jerryshop .
julian put the beans on the can .
when the beans were hot , julian tipped her head back .
clarissa and i exchange a glance and both of us forgo a second helping of the admittedly delicious beans .
string beans .
we pulled red licorice and jelly beans out of the bag to create a face and waves of hair .
9.02 a hole in the sky fried chicken , mashed potatoes and gravy , string beans , and biscuits - all sitting angry and cold and congealed on the stove where amma had left them .
turkey , mashed potatoes with gravy , butter beans and creamed corn , sweet potatoes with marshmallows , honey ham and biscuits , pumpkin and lemon meringue pie , which , after my evening in the swamp , i was pretty sure she was making more for uncle abner than the rest of us .
amma 's mason jars held everything from pickled watermelon rinds and the skinniest green beans to the roundest onions and the most perfectly green tomatoes .
` ` all we have is generic mac and cheese and canned green beans . ''
` ` we ca n't just have green beans for dinner , olivia . ''
i sliced my knee open on the lid of a green bean can when i was twelve .
which is why , when i get home from work the next day and carol asks me whether i do n't mind having hot dogs for the fourth straight night in a row ( the result of a shipment surplus at the stop - n - save ; we once went a whole two weeks having baked beans every day ) , i say that actually , sophia hennerson from st . anne 's invited me and some other girls over for dinner .
hana leans up against the shelves stocked with toilet paper and canned beans , relaxing her arms just enough so i know she is n't mad , and gives me a look like , you better tell me .
i inhale my baked beans and frozen fish sticks so fast i almost puke , and practically sit bouncing in my chair until she releases me .
poor aunt carol : a life of dishes and dented cans of green beans and days that bleed forever into one another .
i pass more rooms , some for sleeping , one mostly empty and lined with shelves : a half - dozen cans of beans , a half - used bag of flour , and , weirdly , a dusty coffeemaker are piled in one corner ; in another corner , buckets , tins of coffee , a mop .
everyone rips the bags to shreds , shouting and whooping as supplies tumble onto the floor : cans of beans , tuna , chicken , soup ; bags of rice , flour , lentils , and more beans ; dried jerky , sacks of nuts and cereal ; hard - boiled eggs , nestled in a bin of towels ; band - aids , vaseline , tubes of chapstick , medical supplies ; even a new pack of underwear , a bundle of clothes , bottles of soap and shampoo .
everyone rips the bags to shreds , shouting and whooping as supplies tumble onto the floor : cans of beans , tuna , chicken , soup ; bags of rice , flour , lentils , and more beans ; dried jerky , sacks of nuts and cereal ; hard - boiled eggs , nestled in a bin of towels ; band - aids , vaseline , tubes of chapstick , medical supplies ; even a new pack of underwear , a bundle of clothes , bottles of soap and shampoo .
at dinner , tack gives me the biggest serving of rice and beans , and although i can barely hold my fork because of the blisters , and squirrel accidentally charred the rice so that it 's brown and crispy on its underside , i think it is the best meal i have had since i came to the wilds .
i ' m too tired to light up the old woodstove , so i set out crackers , and open up two cans of beans , and one each of mushrooms and tomatoes ; whatever does n't need to be cooked .
the air still smells , faintly , like scorched metal and beans .
and remember how we had a picnic one time , and the only thing we could find from the store was canned spaghetti and some green beans ?
` ` fred asked you to pass the green beans . ''
a piece of lamb is sitting , untouched , next to green beans and fresh mint jelly .
he reaches out to touch his mother 's hand , but she picks up her fork and begins eating again , stabbing green beans with such force , the tines of her fork make a sharp , clanging noise against the plate .
we eat rice and beans straight out of a communal pot , using our hands .
i 'll grab a seat on one of the crates of baby formula or canned green beans , and we 'll split a bag of chips and a soda stolen from stock , and we 'll talk about ... what ?
the whiskey bottle is sitting between them , nearly empty , along with a plate bearing the remains of what must have been dinner : beans , rice , nuts .
strangely , i can more easily picture her as a girl , always a little bossy , always demanding to know why she could n't stay up and what was the point of eating green beans and what if she did n't want to get paired , anyway ?
but maybe hana is tired of discussing the quality of the green beans ? ''
the way you said ` ` i love you '' said ` ` i 'll never sleep with you '' said ` ` i will always '' kept a list of all your favorite moments in a composition book and would underline the ones involving me with blue ink screamed at me not to do it not to do it not to do it believed that birds talked to you slapped jack slapped him slapped him slapped him refused to eat any jelly beans but the black ones cried when my cat chester died more than i cried , even helped me dig his grave dug the grave looked the most beautiful when you did n't realize how beautiful you looked the moments i would catch you thinking always wondering if you were thinking of me , knowing sometimes you were and sometimes you were n't you were n't i knew you better than anyone else .
rolling his eyes , carmine picked up a green bean with his fork and flung it down the table at his brother .
leonard , i ' m no good at being noble but it does n't take much to see that the problems of three little people do n't amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world .
i take pieces of beef and spread them across my foil , then pile mushrooms , carrots , potatoes , and green beans on top .
he goes on , ` ` i was gon na see if you 'd trade me your green beans for my chicken o ' rings . ''
` ` maybe in trade you could give me your green beans at lunch today ? ''
i poke my green beans with a fork .
i scrape my green beans onto his tray .
he holds his tray above mine and scrapes his green beans onto my plate .
the menu is full of tacos , nachos , tortilla chips , rice , and beans .
` ` four chimis , extra sour cream , a side of nachos , and a side of black beans , '' vee told him without consulting the menu .
for tonight , hamburgers , baked beans , s'mores .
i cooked us burgers in a pan over the fire and baked beans directly in the can .
as we 're cleaning , when i know the others are n't looking , i throw into a bag the nonperishable items i plan to take to the cave today : dried fruits and berries , nuts , a can of tuna fish , a can of beans .
there are dishes heaped with rice and beans and fresh tortillas , an iced bowl of gazpacho , some kind of fried honeyed - eggplant dish , and like a dozen other spanish dishes that i do n't even know the names of .
we cook githeri , a simple dish of corn and beans .
elswit shucks and scrapes the cobs of corn while i soak and rinse the beans .
now he was all curled up like a little lima bean , his thumb in his mouth and his cherub face peaceful .
dee poked at her green beans .
` ` there 's turkey , yams , cranberry sauce , mashed potatoes , green - bean casserole , some kind of apple crisp thing and pumpkin - kitten ?
frypan and his cooks served up a grand meal of steak , mashed potatoes , green beans and hot rolls .
starr coughed , and the attendant rattle in his chest sounded like beans smacking about in a hollow gourd .
` ` a shitload of jelly beans from doane 's , okay ?
ricky was over again and he 'd brought food for dayna , stuff he 'd cooked himself at the diner , rice and beans and shrimp that smelled like burned garlic .
dad , a psychologist who thinks people are specimens to be analyzed , furrows his brows as he scoops up a second helping of green beans .
i buy all the necessities- beans , rice , and masa flour , and different kinds of meat ( which kiara insisted on being organic even though it cost almost double what the non - organic meat was ) .
tara plopped down next to hanna and immediately started cutting up the impressive pile of food on her plate - she had a hamburger , a square of lasagna , green beans bathed in butter and almonds , and a giant hunk of bread as big as hanna 's palm .
it smelled strongly of espresso beans inside .
a roast chicken , a bowl of mashed potatoes , and a dish of green beans sat in the middle of the table .
as she took a spoonful of green beans , ella 's cell phone , which was sitting on the kitchen island , began to ring .
` ` we 'll have to decide about christmas eve dinner soon , '' mrs . fields said as she spooned some green beans onto her plate , picking up on the topic again .
i think back to last night 's dinner - fish fried in batter , beans baked in molasses , and fluffy buttered biscuits on the side .
the blacksmith did n't have a wife , which meant he always had simple fare , bread and meat , mostly , sometimes a crock of beans .
without asking if i wanted something , he fixed me a plate of beans and roasted meat .
as i washed it down with tepid water , i imagined a roast goose like momma oakes used to make in salvation with all the trimmings : creamy sweet potatoes swimming in butter and honey , brown bread , green beans , and berries in cream .
in that time , the colonel procured cornmeal , dry beans , and morrow dug up a recipe for hardtack , which consisted of flour and water , baked multiple times until the ingredients were like small bricks .
with each soldier carrying his allotment of beans , cornmeal , dried meat , and hardtack , we should do well for the rest of the campaign , at least until the cold set in .
velveeta , black beans , tomatoes , leftover chicken , pepperonis , red peppers , onions , hot sauce .
hot dogs , hamburger , pepperoni , hot sauce , jalapenos , olives , onions , tomatoes , fresh cilantro , chicken , ranch seasoning , black beans , mushrooms and two different kinds of cheese .
mikey was no rabbi , did absolutely no dancing , and rather than mud , he worked in a mixture of sugar , butter , and the brown ground powder of a rainforest bean -- but like his sister , mikey had a will that could move the universe .
` ` i thought they were rotten kidney beans , '' eddie says .
mr . lawly passed out cans of baked beans and ingredients for s'mores all to be cooked over the fire .
` ` canned corn , canned mushrooms , a can of gravy , green beans , pimento , rice and ... . cookies .
i leave the fire roaring and open a can of beans .
i feel around in the pack starling gave me and find two peanut butter and jelly sandwiches , a bag of chips , two bottles of soda , and another can of beans .
i force one down and feed the beans to shiloh .
he had blond eyelashes and sunken cheeks , nostrils like different - sized kidney beans .
i passed the coffee bar , inhaling the rich scent of roasted fresh coffee beans before i entered the main hall .
` ` yo , man , i 'll have the meat loaf slop and a side of yesterday 's green beans . ''
when the city bells pealed three o'clock , she was sitting on the lip of the fountain , munching on what she hoped was mashed beans inside a warm bread pocket .
after i ' ve cleared a quarter of a chicken , barbecued beans , and a big helping of potato salad off my plate , i dare to look up at him .
they put in rice and beans and pico de gallo- '' ` ` i ca n't .
` ` he likes jelly beans , '' he says with a shrug .
then he drops his nose into my palm and slurps the jelly beans right up , munching them noisily .
` ` yeah and eating uncooked beans and rice . ''
following her train of thought was like trying to keep track of a jumping bean .
together they 'd provide a filling bean that could be ground for its sweetness . ''
yup , the germ of a rumor was like the magic beans in the jack and the beanstalk story .
annmarie suddenly displayed a fascination with the placement of the kidney beans in her chili , scooping each bean individually and placing them on top of each other .
annmarie suddenly displayed a fascination with the placement of the kidney beans in her chili , scooping each bean individually and placing them on top of each other .
drake will be demoted to picking beans , or cleaning chicken crap .
` ` or i 'll turn you back into the pork and beans you were made from . ''
i heard ari grinding coffee beans and hurried up getting dressed .
grams handed her a plate and we all started to pass down the pork chops , mashed potatoes and green beans .
' bonecrunching giant only gobbles human beans from turkey , ' the giant said .
bonecruncher says turkish human beans has a glamourly flavour .
' as i am saying , ' the giant went on , ' all human beans is having different flavours .
human beans from panama is tasting very strong of hats . '
for instance , human beans from wales is tasting very whooshey of fish .
' human beans from jersey is tasting of cardigans . '
the human beans in wellington has an especially scrumdiddlyumptious taste , so says the welly - eating giant . '
' all of them is guzzling human beans every night , ' the bfg answered .
japanese beans is very small , so a giant will need to gobble up about six japanese before he is feeling full up .
but because i is refusing to gobble up human beans like the other giants , i must spend my life guzzling up icky - poo snozzcumbers instead .
' you is only interested in guzzling human beans . '
every night you could be galloping off happy as a hamburger and gobbling juicy human beans ! '
' eating human beans is wrong and evil , ' the bfg said .
human beans from chile is very chilly . '
human beans is more tasty to them . '
there is no human beans or stringy beans or runner beans or jelly beans or any other beans in there . '
there is no human beans or stringy beans or runner beans or jelly beans or any other beans in there . '
there is no human beans or stringy beans or runner beans or jelly beans or any other beans in there . '
there is no human beans or stringy beans or runner beans or jelly beans or any other beans in there . '
there is no human beans or stringy beans or runner beans or jelly beans or any other beans in there . '
he is lying there snuggy as a sniggler and watching the human beans walking on the street below , and when he sees one that looks like it has a whoppsy - good flavour , he grabs it .
' i is not understanding human beans at all , ' the bfg said .
' you is a human bean and you is saying it is grizzling and horrigust for giants to be eating human beans .
' but human beans is squishing each other all the time , ' the bfg said .
human beans is always killing other human beans . '
human beans is always killing other human beans . '
a trogglehumper for the fleshlumpeater ' they is always having fifty winks before they goes scumpering off to hunt human beans in the evening , ' the bfg said .
i is never eating human beans !
i swear i has never gobbled a single human bean in all my wholesome life ! '
' i hope you will forgive me , ' he said , ' if i tell you that human beans is thinking they is very clever , but they is not .
' that is all the giants zippfizzing off to another country to guzzle human beans , ' the bfg said .
' that is al the giants zippfizzing off to another country to guzzle human beans , ' the bfg said .
' for years and years i is sitting here on this very rock every night after night when they is galloping away , and i is feeling so sad for all the human beans they is going to gobble up .
i is never showing myself to human beans . '
' the giants is guzzling human beans ... no , not that one ... nor that one ... here 's one !
' i is thinking , ' the bfg said , ' that your queen will be happy to have a nightmare if having a nightmare is going to save a lot of human beans from being gobbled up by filthsome giants .
they is always resting like that before they is galloping off to guzzle another helping of human beans . '
' because you is guzzling human beans , ' the bfg answered .
` ` red sandalwood and patchouli , vanilla beans , lavender twigs and sage and cinnamon leaves , whole nutmegs , garlic bulbs , cloves and rosemary - everything you wanted and more . ''
` ` and will there be awful meals , with food made from recipes , with garlic and tarragon and broad beans in ? ''
the rest of the counter was covered with bowls of broccoli and rice casserole , cranberry sauce , green beans , corn , gravy , mashed potatoes and to my surprise , spaghetti .
the light dappled the herbed roast chicken , the wild rice and string beans , the blackberry cobbler in sundae glasses .
in no time , she 'd served me up a platter of enchiladas , narrow as cigars , lightly drizzled in salsa verde and dolloped with sour cream , along with a side of black - bean salad and another of crispy fried zucchini .
in the kitchen , i found a box of takeout pizza with two slices of plain cheese saved for me , plus a homemade three - bean salad .
so i 'd polished off another of isabella 's customized delicious dinners at the bar - fish tacos , along with tiny avocado bean cakes - and afterward she 'd let me go without a word .
licorice , jawbreakers , caramels , gingersnaps , cookies , marshmallow treats , peppermint sticks , gumdrops , malt balls , jelly beans , lollypops , chocolate bars , and numberless other sweets burdened the shelves , some sheathed in shiny wrappers , some visible in clear jars .
epilogue new jobs for john ` ` you guys need any more bean dip ? ''
half - empty bags of chips littered the coffee table , along with a platter of bagels , several tubs of cream cheese , a bowl with remnants of onion dip , an empty bean - dip container , and a dozen paper cups .
trevor and the coyote returned with a can of bean dip .
trevor asked , popping the tab on the bean dip and tearing off the lid .
he scooped up some of the pasty brown bean dip and put the chips in his mouth .
her eyebrow lowers as she selects a few cans of beans out from a top cupboard .
` ` coming from the girl who refused to eat anything but pork ' n ' beans for two straight weeks when she first showed up at my house . ''
` ` i used to take a french press , only this one time i forgot to grind the beans beforehand . ''
the station was pretty far - a good twenty - five miles east - and a lot higher , adjacent to a fire lookout tower situated atop steep bluffs hemming a small lima bean of a lake .
` ` raccoon and white beans , and there 's tea . ''
alex spooned a mouthful of beans and meat .
the pantry was as well stocked as the woodpile , stuffed to overflowing with canned goods ; boxes of dried fruit , powdered milk , and instant eggs ; packets of beef jerky ; bags of sugar and flour and baking soda , as well as tins of baking powder ; cartons of oatmeal , grits , and barley ; dried beans ; two sacks of potatoes ; onions and garlic ; and , of course , mres .
the other wagon was chockablock with a motley assortment of propane tanks , a couple roadside flares , canned vegetables , sacks of flour and dried beans , bottles of cooking oil .
a stream of rotten rock cascaded down the walls with a sound like beans over tin , and in a few seconds , his mouth was filmed with dust and grit .
a couple cans of refried beans only buy you so much time . ''
what if i was to tell how some kid thinks he can buy me off with a measly can of beans ?
like a blackened can of beans set to heat in a campfire .
not that he minded : he 'd choked down so many beans and franks in the bush , he hoped he never saw another hot dog .
` ` naw , nothing 's worse than ham and motherfu ... uh , lima beans , '' bode said , with a sidelong glance at emma .
julie and i had worn matching ` ` country '' outfits that nobody out in the country could ever pick beans or herd cows in : custom - made dresses with knee - length skirts standing almost straight out like we were square dancers .
he gave me a glass of water , a clean dish towel with a bag of frozen edamame beans in it to hold to my head , and we wandered through his house , looking at his lack of furniture and material goods and plethora of bamboo mats and potted plants .
i abandoned the bag of beans in the kitchen sink and we headed back outside and downstairs to wait for star .
knowing that dinner would be canned beans unless i made it , i rummaged in the fridge and put a pot of leftover soup on the stove to simmer until my parents got home .
i am unambitious with dinner , because we do n't have anything other than dried beans , and i ' m sick of beans .
i am unambitious with dinner , because we do n't have anything other than dried beans , and i ' m sick of beans .
i 'd have more energy if i were eating something besides beans and apple cake , too , but we 're both going without better for the same reason .
i boil beans - infernal beans , it feels like that 's all we eat - and simmer inside my skin , planning what i will say to him when he gets here .
i boil beans - infernal beans , it feels like that 's all we eat - and simmer inside my skin , planning what i will say to him when he gets here .
finn casts a glance toward our dinner , beans with a lump of bacon donated by dory maud .
we sit down and eat our beans with the lump of bacon .
you 'll drive three cars at the same time and gabe will decide to stay and we 'll never have to eat beans again . ''
i turn my face toward the living room in time to catch a sock full of beans in the mouth .
and of course , by soot , i mean beans .
truth be told , i ' m not unhappy to see any of them : gabe , because it 's been so long since we ' ve had dinner with him ; the chicken , because it 's not beans ; and tommy falk , because his presence makes gabe cheerful and goofy .
if i could have dove and my space and a sack of beans , i 'd call that enough . ''
piper - his girlfriend at the time - and he had spent the evening eating take - out sushi and throwing edamame beans at the doll in an attempt to provoke some demonic activity .
well , there are stories of some of the diminutive sorts eating beans and things like that , though i ' ve never seen it .
` ` meat loaf , mashed potatoes , green beans , and some rolls . ''
in the restaurant , ashley was working on a sloppy hamburger about the size of my head , a plateful of fries buried under globs of ketchup , and a big bowl of baked beans .
spiky bushes laden with tiny red coffee beans lined the road , and behind them glossy banana plants sprouted , bundles of ripening violet bananas clustering from their stalks .
i immediately recognized tomatoes , melons , lettuce , green beans and a myriad of other produce .
the conveyor belt was more like an escalator , as it had a system of large rectangular trays which rose automatically when the belt was on an incline , to keep the food containers level ; and paul asked me if i felt like behaving like a tray of beans .
i want to eat it with potatoes and beans next summer , taylor laughed , and tim , please stop calling me sir .
such things as corn , green beans , spinach , beets , spaghetti sauce , soup when i had satisfied the list down to rolled anchovies with capers , i started on the other goods .
it took a concerted effort to sift the weevils from the flour we had left , still it was a great dinner weevils and all accompanied with canned green beans and a fresh salad wilted with hot vinegar , sugar , and joyces homemade bacon bits .
as the company faltered , it became ruled by the bean counters that stifled innovation and cut quality , their favorite answer was always , take it , or leave it .
aw cap'n- now who could ever get sick of corn bread , beef and beans ?
back there at the harpoon cottage , there d always been a pot of baked beans .
i had been throwing stuff together for so long , eating biscuits , beef , beans , and pork , that i did nt know what real grub tasted like .
we had cases of tomatoes and peaches in cans , a sack of sugar , plenty of flour , beans , dried fruit , rice , some big cans of arbuckle , and cans of pork and beef .
there s country ham and green beans .
he laid out some half - frozen chicken , got down some rice , broccoli , cheese , baked beans , and a few other things .
you start cooking the rice and beans and ill go look for those books while i m thinking about it !
ok . i m going to chop up some onions to put in the beans .
i do nt know why she wanted beans with all this stuff , he mumbled , shaking his head .
alex carried over a steaming plate of chicken , mashed potatoes , green beans , a roll , and drink .
though now kaplansky my step father- tells me that he avoids talking publicly with somebody in that language , as here its thought to be non - intelligent and a proof of lower class people well , said wolfee , if you are familiar with yiddish , you know what bobkes are i think its common beans , said nahumik , i know that from my step - pa , who once told my mom , still while we were in israel : the arabs had not shot bobkes on the jews , as people now think .
nahumik agreed , and after the growing season they picked the beans .
they peeled the baseballed fruit of the beans , separating it from its green yellow cover , and nahumik brought that home .
nahumik had not looked at them in recent dayswhen the two friends pulled the containers out of the under - tub place , they saw that all the harvest had grown mold : like cobwebs peeped between and over the beans ; the fruits color became grey and a smell of stink penetrated the boys noseswolfee was a good friend .
at their sides there were spices envelopes and juices bottles and dried beans packages .
he shouted at an acquaintant , a supplier of dried beans and lentils , who had known what meat a man could obtain .
after a dozen tries , the special embryos of the centsurety project , still no bigger than beans , seemed to be thriving .
the peas , broccoli and green beans would be easyopen and sort .
besides , it had been several days since johns rabbit trap had been fruitful and they were all getting tired of biscuits and canned beans .
dinner was roast lamb with biscuits and mashed potatoes plus preserved green beans from dierdres root cellar .
up until then , we relished every little pleasure or luxury we could getwhether it was a hot bath or a real chicken dinner instead of beans but as soon as we knew this period of our lives had a time limit on it , it seems all we could do was focus on the things we were missing and were waiting for us back home .
today its chicken and dumplings , string - beans and apple cobbler .
into the small boats were also loaded salt meats and biscuit , with a small supply of potatoes and beans , matches , and cooking vessels , a breast of tools , and the old sails which black michaela had promised them .
elizabeth had been a good friend of my great - uncle , a woman of considerable eccentricity herself , but with better taste and less used tins of baked beans in the pantry .
there was a can of baked beans , in fact there was a whole collection of them .
and even though the past several weeks living at my great - uncle 's house had made me believe that i would never look upon a tin of baked beans with anything but disgust again , i actually cracked a huge grin .
first , grinding coffee beans is the limit of my culinary skills .
the beans of the atin bush are roasted , ground and used as a hot or cold drink .
the beans and the drink are dark purple in color and slightly bitter in taste .
in the place of the fowl a dish of haricot beans made its appearance -- an enormous dish in which some bones of mutton that at first sight one might have believed to have some meat on them pretended to show themselves .
she looked to see if the dish of beans was still there ; the dish of beans had disappeared .
she looked to see if the dish of beans was still there ; the dish of beans had disappeared .
then he spilled his beans like a piata whacked by baseball bat .
vanilla beans and the sound of rain give way to something else .
he hopped off his horse for a fresh can of beans finishing over the fire .
( another deputy watched despairingly at the sheriff gobbling the can of beans , wincing as the man tilted it against his lips and shoveled the last of the beans down his gullet with scoop after breathless scoop . )
( another deputy watched despairingly at the sheriff gobbling the can of beans , wincing as the man tilted it against his lips and shoveled the last of the beans down his gullet with scoop after breathless scoop . )
` ` yeah , '' the sheriff answered , beans falling down his front and mashed across his teeth , syrup dripping into his beard and cheeks .
a small egg crate in the corner appeared to contain some canned goods and a bag of dried beans .
conversationally she said , there s some beans and franks left , as well as some spam .
pyers settled them in behind the couple on a seat made of a long sack of beans slung over the tops of three little barrelsa year 's supply of brandy , he informed them .
once pyers was satisfied with cades story of young love , they talked of other things , and he could often retreat with elaina to the wagon bed to sprawl across sacks of beans in a comfortable silence .
before they left base camp and before his order to saddle up , lock and load , sarge had stashed away , in his ruck , cans of beans and dicks ( as the troops call them ) , most of the others loaded up on the pirs which were lighter and were developed for the long range patrols ( lrps ) .
what everyone hated was those god - awful big white beans and that that .
- it was ) which floated in a bucket full of grease on top of the beans .
however , sarge , being an ol alabama boy , loved his beans and ham , but they had to be heated to melt the grease .
sarge would then search around looking for some wild green onions to add to the beans , once heated a feast fit for a king .
he only wished he had some cornbread to go with his beans !
the beans served two purposes for sarge : one - he got to eat something satisfying that he enjoyed ; two - he got the entire tent to sleep in all by his lonesome .
there was a small queue but she did n't mind waiting , and when she reached the front of the line the woman behind the stall handed her a huge cone of flatbread overflowing with strips of bacon , sliced sausage , dry - fried beans and melting cheese .
what , you mean those are nt cans of refried beans ?
i sprinted through the tree line and could smell the faint aroma of firewood and baked beans -- i could nt believe the fucker was still alive after all these years .
the walls are covered with lattice , which hold up tomato plants , beans , and melons on the lower regions .
what you have nt seen is that we have over 300 types of vegetables , herbs , other plants and fruit in seed form or dormant , in storage units ; we will rotate crops , replacing wheat with a crop of green beans , which adds nitrogen to the soils , or hydroponic growing chambers or bags .
mr . rose and suzi have grown everything on this table in their two hangars , from the lima beans to the tomatoes and from the meat to the dessert fruits .
her mother speared a green bean and put it in her mouth .
beans , squash , peas , corn , potatoes , tomatoes and two rows of sunflowers . ''
if we planted them from north to south and the corn in front of the beans , the beans would be shadowed in the morning light by the corn stalks when they ' ve grown their tallest . ''
if we planted them from north to south and the corn in front of the beans , the beans would be shadowed in the morning light by the corn stalks when they ' ve grown their tallest . ''
chris hesitantly picked one of the green beans being careful to avoid the strange purple ones and took a small bite off of the tip .
the sun warmed , juicy bean seemed to melt in his mouth but had a refreshing snap to it all at once .
chris exclaimed as he popped the rest of the bean into his mouth .
later , they sat on the back porch as they broke off both ends of each bean , snapped them in half and threw them into a bowl sitting between them .
chris could feel the heat of the kitchen waft out of the window behind him as hanna and mrs . browley prepped the cans for the beans .
mrs . browley stated as she pivoted around back into the door with the bowl of snapped beans .
chris knew that growing your own beans , snapping them , cooking them and enjoying them around a large table of family was simpler than stealing a can and eating it alone in an alley because the first scenario was more gratifying .
mrs . browley asked handing chris a bowl of green beans .
he could smell the fresh coffee beans and the generous measure of jerez sherry that laced it .
they not only put corn in the crib , but also beans and other storable food items .
i m thinking grilled spam , baked beans , fried potatoes and canned peaches ?
if you wanted something cold , you had to get that frozen bean curd stuff .
microscopic beans , you heat them up and then make them bigger , jordan replied , one of the best inventions ever .
the beans grew to normal size and then hollie pulled out another bag .
but neither the hides nor the tallow brought what they once had , and the chumash , who for years had brought otter skins to the rancho to trade for iron beans , and squash now brought fewer and fewer because there were fewer and fewer indians and otter .
after they were seated in the cocina and had a plate of leftover beef , beans , and squash steaming in front of them , and a cup of coffee that would raise a blood blister on a leather boot , alfonso turned to clint .
meat , cheese , sauce and bread ( tortillas if you want to get technical ) are the mainstays for the tex - mex diet with rice and beans thrown in for gastric pleasure .
vuk was seated near the ladder that led to the roof , eating some baked beans from a can .
for something as simple , he held up his meal , as a can of beans ?
a can of beans may mean the difference between life and death .
so then we should ration the food out , no man should eat well while another man goes hungry , vuk offered up his beans to the men around him but they refused and waved it away .
murdering others for the gun on their back and the beans in their pockets , said vuk .
using his finger vuk scooped the last of the beans out of the tin and tossed it aside .
there he found cans of beans , cans of pasta and a larger alice pack which he took , ditching his ship - issued patrol pack .
he was boiling coffee while he munched on cornbread and finished a plate of beans .
had she been at her parents house , she would be eating beans on toast and listening to the silence of the unnaturally empty house creaking around her .
you ' ve got your packages of burritos , cans of refried beans , tubs of sour cream , jars of mayonnaise , boxes of macaroni & cheese , cans of whipped topping , cups of desert pudding , bottles of soda water , chewing gum , ketchup , packages of hotdogs , loaves of bread , pre - cooked frozen turkey breast , and quick bake brownies , all wrapped up in packaging that will still be here in two hundred years .
the meal was the mid - day one , the one some deemed lunch and so was of the light kind with eight pounds of roast beef with mashed potatoes , gravy , bread and green beans .
as if on cue the soldiers from the south threw beans cherished by the north into the muddy waters of the rio grande which made it an even darker reminder of the rift between the countries .
* * * on deck calvin savoured all that katherine had cooked even the green beans .
buns and beans as you requested , sir .
meanwhile down in the forest , superintendent hicks shifted the focus of his concentration from his can of beans and searched the surroundings as faint scraping and screams came to his ears .
slices of glistening ham and turkey , pillowy mounds of mashed potatoes with gravy dribbling through their contours , rice and peas , macaroni and cheese , green beans , plantain and bacon dressing , and a roll topped with a sliver of butter .
cans of baked beans and tomato soup rolled off the pavement and splashed into a puddle the size of a duck - pond .
they had coffee and met his wife and two tow headed kids , then went to the root cellar and got fifty pounds of potatoes in a sack , and ten pounds of dried beans in an old flour sack .
` ` could you use a pound or two of good coffee beans ? ''
they picked out a sackful of food : a slab of bacon , two loaves of fresh bread , salt , sugar , coffee beans , some cans of sliced peaches , and a bunch of dried fruits and jerky .
he made a fire and took the bag of dry beans the rancher had given them .
he fried slices of bacon and gave eagle three raw slices to put in with the beans .
` ` wait until you taste my beans and bacon for breakfast ! ''
then he used a pair of gloves and lowered the bean pot into the hole directly on top of six - inches of glowing coals .
they had eaten bacon sandwiches for breakfast and three cups of coffee each along with a chew of dried apricots , but the beans interested them .
he lifted off the top of the bean pot and the smell of the white beans cooked with the bacon won them over .
he lifted off the top of the bean pot and the smell of the white beans cooked with the bacon won them over .
they lined up to spoon out beans on their plates .
my old mom used to soak beans overnight , then cook them for a day and a half . ` `
they laughed together , ate half the beans and put the rest in a pot with a lid they could seal and strapped it in with the rest of the food .
this time they let the beans boil over the continuous fire .
willy boy looked over at juan who was stirring the beans and adding water .
` ` juan , when the hell those beans going to be ready ? ''
they had eaten beans and bacon for an hour and pronounced the mix delicious .
after a delicious meal of baked beans , eggs , and bacon washed down with a nice cup of tea , we turned in .
` ` good grief , elmer , beans ' n sauerkraut again ? ''
willie prepared a wonderful feast for us of fry bread , pork , beans , rice , lettuce , and fresh tomatoes .
claire eventually found some sugar , behind the tins of beans and packets of pasta .
homer went into the general store and had the clerk help him bring out wooden crates , barrels and sacks of flour , beans , dried fruit and vegetables , slabs of smoked bacon packed in bran , jerky , coffee , sugar and lard .
after many weeks of beans , hard tack and coffee , the fresh meat looked inviting to her .
from one of the carpetbags , bax laid out several cans of beans , two tin plates , and two forks .
` ` hope you do n't mind cold beans , '' he said as he opened one of the cans .
matthew was n't wild about beans , hot or cold , but he was too hungry to care .
` ` beans sound fine , '' he said .
as hungry as he was , he found that beans were still beans , and he was n't quite that hungry yet .
` ` if you say so , '' he said , climbing back up onto the tree to where his plate of beans sat waiting for him .
as bax scooped up the last of his beans , he said .
baxs gaze drifted to matthews plate of untouched beans .
the cowboy looked ready to comment , but before he could , matthew shoveled two heaping scoops of the beans into his mouth .
as soon as bax had his back to him , matthew spit the beans out on the other side of the fallen tree ; the beans on his plate quickly followed .
as soon as bax had his back to him , matthew spit the beans out on the other side of the fallen tree ; the beans on his plate quickly followed .
` ` you made a mighty quick finish of those beans , '' he remarked as matthew nonchalantly proceeded to wash his own plate .
` ` i always eat beans that way , '' he lied .
` ` i tried beans , but apparently they 're the one thing he 'd rather not eat . ''
two waitresses and a waiter ran to tables , laden with barbecue , cole slaw , baked beans , and bread .
gerrys mother and father are sitting down for a classic comfort meal consisting of chicken fried steak , mashed potatoes and gravy , green beans , dinner rolls , and by doctors orders - a salad .
once free , matthew turned to the door and began working on the hinges using the spam lid and a # 10 can of pork and beans as a hammer .
a savage bag of beans moving at nearly ninety miles per hour whooshed out of the darkness and struck the first intruder in the chest .
let me see here , could it be beans and rice ?
or maybe its rice and beans !
he went to the front of the screen , written in chinese cuisine , had his favorite marinated goose , lemon chicken , bean curd spinach .
still the old woman came , but this time was not croaker , but a dish of fermented bean curd spinach .
think of that year , with the fermented bean curd soy meal of the day .
next year you start high school , must be exciting , victorias mom says standing on my left hand side placing a massive pile of mash potatoes on my plate next to a massive piece of meatloaf and pile of green beans .
one of the soldiers opened the room to hand out the food ; he sneered at them , curling his lips , and gave out the beans and potatoes .
so ill also get a couple mexican food caterers to get up here lickity - split ready to serve tons of rice and beans .
* * * mason , derie and jason sat at a picnic table in the park , eating burgers and beans , drinking cokes .
jason dug into his beans with his fingers .
jason scooped his beans and then slapped at them with the fork , playing .
for the main courses , caterers worked tirelessly in the kitchen preparing : fried chicken , baked potatoes , bread , rice , beans , macaroni and cheese , potato salad , macaroni salad , and a dozens of other side dishes .
we can start a fire , cook up some beans , and drink some beers .
she laughed loudly and responded to the sheriffs non - existent dialogue , continuing the pretense for the benefit of the other diners , sure thing sheriff , eggs , bacon , hashbrowns , beans and toast coming right up , she bluffed .
drawing his favorite knife , he opened a container of beans .
famished , she annihilated both plates of beans and wolfed down two candy bars .
doc helped her in the kitchen , preparing beans on the stove , while rego cut up vegetables on the counter .
avoid the beans , coffees middlin , do nt miss the biscuits .
a riding sort of fellow who , having reached his fill of chicory coffee , baked beans and stone pillows , had decided to spoil himself with a night of sybaritic comfort .
she led her visitor to the kitchen , took down the coffee grinder and dropped a handful of beans into the hopper .
its a load - a dried up beans burnt to a black crisp n ground to a stench - a dust a - washed over with water .
the kidneys are shaped like beans , the size of your fist .
sunday screamed but the vendor did nt seem to notice for she called out to people to buy her tomatoes and string beans .
food was mostly flour , coffee , salt , and a bag of dried beans .
after a supper of beans and bacon , followed by hot black coffee , johnnie found sleep slow to come .
when the cooks served up a hash of wild pork and beans , they all sat around in the gathering dusk mulling over again and again every idea that anybody could come up with as to where the rustlers could possibly have gone .
beans , peas , squash , onions , berries , nuts , cabbages , yams , wheat , oats , peanuts , okra , black - eyed peas , tomatoes , rice , oranges , melons , chocolate , southern women were the great gardeners , hunters , fishers , and cookers that survived the civil war and the great depression up until now , laughs with the beaus .
it was an old building , which had been utilized for stacking vegetables and as granary for rice , corn , beans , lentils , and other seeds that the farmers would then send across the country .
with the dawning of a new day and a new lease on life , i hastened off to my favorite breakfast joint and ordered one of everything on the menu eggs , bacon , sausage , ham , grits , beans , cereal , muffin , hash browns , toast , and a big pot of coffee .
then what makes you think they re beans ?
jus smelled like beans is all .
they feel like beans .
and some green beans and tomatoes .
her mother placed a plate of eggs , beans and tomatoes in front of her eat up , then you have to get your things ready for school .
she ate her beans with her fingers and poked at her egg .
it was potatoes , beef , and green beans , and it did nt taste half - bad .
they loved deli , with cold vegetarian beans and all sorts of cold meats like tongue , roast beef , corn beef , turkey and all sorts of sandwiches smeared with mustard , onions , tomatoes , mayo , dill pickles that made your mouth water , even swiss cheese slices too all topped off with slightly hard rye bread !
he kept the fire small and the smoke a minimum while unpacking hard tack , pinto beans and coffee .
next to the scent of nenas skin , damp from exertion , only roasted coffee beans from coatepec could compare .
muddy squatted next to the fire and stirred the beans .
muddy stirred the beans with his back to nena .
the fire burned low , so muddy transferred the cast iron pot of beans to a rock and put the pot of coffee over the embers while they were hot enough to bring it to a boil .
he threw a clump of hard tack in with the beans and put the lid back on the pot , once again enjoying the simple rhythms of daily life .
because i can make you a wonderful black bean frittata with fresh tortillas , if my son would cross the street and get me a dozen eggs .
she turned up the heat under a pot of beans , stirring them slowly .
after a few minutes of scavenging the garden , a plate of fresh picked carrots , nuts , beans , and potatoes sits before me .
he felt hungry and his meal , thupka and curry of beans was served soon and as he was not willing to take any alcoholic drinks , he was given fruit wine with mild alcoholic content and he relished the sweet - sour taste of the beverage .
there were about hundred buddhist lepcha families in the village , most of whom were peasants and they used to grow all sorts of vegetables , cabbages , cauliflowers , beans , beets , gourds , cucumbers , peas , radishes , red potatoes , carrots etc .
they brought tons of food that wo nt spoil quickly -- dry beans , sugar , wheat , pasta , rice , legumes , dried fruit , and raisons -- but they need perishables like fruit and vegetables that only siberians can get safely .
he did n't like fibbing to such a scary woman - and crossing his fingers under the counter would n't amount to a hill of beans if she found out - but somehow he just knew that if this evil lady wanted to stop master george from doing whatever he was trying to do , then those letters needed to get in the mail , no matter what .
` ` you go on inside and stuff yourself with turkey and beans while little old rutger walks his long journey home .
he waved me over to where he was sitting once i collected my tray of salisbury steak , powdered mashed potatoes , canned green beans , and some sauce that was so dark it almost looked like tar .
johns fork made a loud clank against the plastic plate as he stabbed a green bean .
green beans and a biscuit .
ill have the country fried steak and green beans , adam said .
christian paused the forkful of baked beans at his lips .
the dark - skinned man grabbed a tray of fried chicken and red beans and rice and sat at a nearby table , eating alone .
the nat - king coleslaw company exonerated itself by making a number of discrete political campaign contributions , after which they enjoyed great success marketing their latest product , mona lisa lima beans .
then came the rich aroma of coffee beans being crushed at another , followed by something being cooked with garlic somewhere and the sweet fragrance of scented flowers coming from somewhere else .
ipid forced himself to join him , but mentally noted that there were very few cogs that could afford to brew the expensive beans from the island of kiz .
teth bent and began pulling handfuls of creeping weeds from between the rows of beans .
the beans had not been ground fine enough and had been over - boiled , but it was better than nothing .
it was a sizable town situated just to the east of the forest and seemed well named given the lush fields of wheat , corn , and beans it was tucked between .
the front would come in and they would have the sounds of a bean sidhe 's shrieks all around their house .
knowing my love of all things coffee , he tracked down a pound of kopi luwak , coffee beans that were , as the packaging discreetly read , ` ` the world 's rarest coffee beverage . ''
she had nary a blemish and smelled of rose pedals and vanilla beans .
how does adzuki beans and forbidden rice , topped with marinated chicken breasts sound ?
mike rose without hesitation and went to sit at the table as cora added a bowl of mashed potatoes and a platter of green beans .
if you would please bring coffee beans and a grinder .
a few minutes later i sat with an old fashioned coffee grinder on the table before me , complete with a cup of choice grade coffee beans .
a simple purpose , the grinding of coffee beans .
eventually i asked benedict what he recommended and this , naturally , was a grinder and bag of beans that cost more than my entire net value times two .
i settled for a cheaper bag of beans and left feeling vaguely like a rape victim .
regardless , the action of grinding the beans and sipping the brew created the desired relaxing and spirit draining effect .
i poured a cup of beans into the grinder and got busy with the process , letting out a monstrous yawn as i did so .
i did as i was told , grinding up my beans till they were a powder and pouring them into a mug .
the rows of white , blaring lights shining upon him from on high , the aisles of crackers and beans and cookies , oh the cookies and the cakes and the pizzas galore , the burgers the beef , the waffle mix , and more .
joseph scooped the green beans up with his spoon , lifting the gelatin to his mouth and swallowing without chewing .
the green beans , on the other hand , his father said , are a bit mushy , i think .
he took another bite of green beans .
tonight , dinner was apple pie , followed by hot dogs and baked beans .
their blood tests must reveal 6082 mg of testocytosan , .07.04 mg of urolinosine , and pure caffeine distilled from coffee beans of south american ( except brazil ) origin .
with his computers red light now gone back to steady green , wynnet disengaged himself from the recent past , as he was often wo nt to do , and let a new barrage of facts compound the air between him and the holoscreen : comparative prices of the worlds most popular and recent models of antigravity recreational vehicles ( arvs ) , the daily life schedule of an anonymous asian from the current months most productive corner of the world ( lhasa ) , three perfect lima beans , and the worlds most beautiful ( computer - elected ) female face .
they waited in companionable silence until gerald arrived with a tray bearing plates of ham , bread , onions , and beans .
in the night , dardan sent liam to fetch supplies from the kitchen : beans , dried fruit , salt beef , hardtack .
the long tables inside bore baskets that would normally hold lettuce , squash , cheese , bread , beans , and all the other sundry goods needed for a well - stocked kitchen .
the relindos guards probably were nt searching the beans and flour when he brought it back .
pine trees were raised at every large intersection , decorated with the traditional strings of beads and dried beans and fruits .
the soup was a delicious mix made from lambs meat and black beans .
the smell of beans , rice and chicken wafted up to me , tempered with the tang of the salsa and guacamole .
the sugary crispness of ripe honeydew melon , the touch of a moscatos harsher sweetness , the double bitter bite of coffee beans covered in silky , rich , decadent dark chocolate .
he opened a can of beans and set the can in the fire .
he stirred the beans now and then .
she nodded and stared at his fire , at the can of beans cooking .
when you were hungry , a can of beans smelled like a feast .
he watched her eat several spoonfuls of beans , then said , ` ` you mind if i ask you something ? ''
he motioned for the beans , and she smiled and gave them to him .
its a drink made by slowly pouring hot water through ground up coffee beans .
the beans are picked from plants , then roasted .
from there , they re ground up , put in a special filter that lets the water soak into the ground beans , but then come slowly through into a mug to drink from .
sunflowers mostly , some corn and beans too .
brick turned to her , and he had a can of baked beans in his hand , it was open , and he was using his fingers to pick the sauce - coated beans out and put them in his mouth .
brick turned to her , and he had a can of baked beans in his hand , it was open , and he was using his fingers to pick the sauce - coated beans out and put them in his mouth .
at that moment brick finished off the beans and he smiled .
for tonight , our culinary delight was hot dogs and beans mixed with occasional grains of sand that the desert breeze graciously provided .
precisely , i said , then traded a small bag of cocoa beans for the carving .
indole reached over and picked the tin of beans from off the fire with his sleeve .
` ` probably just finishing a mouthful of beans . ''
he ca n't just live of beans .
even fewer days start at dawn when the night before was spent huddled in a cave with the unsettling smell of burnt mushrooms hanging in the air and only a tin of beans for supper .
he took the empty can of beans from his bag , filled it from a horse trough and set it on top of the fire .
well , then , we ve got my speciality sausages , smoked bacon , both locally farmed of course , mushrooms , hash browns , poached eggs , fried eggs , the finest drippydizzle beans , and fried bread , blanche said , taking a small notebook and pen out of her pocket .
soup thick with crab meat , soft bean curd in hot paste and diced shrimp , turnip cakes fried crisp and brown .
please give her baked beans on the side and salad as well , and a large glass of cranberry juice .
miriam had four cups of tea , each ninety pence , the lunch special is five pounds , plus baked beans on the side which cost seventy pence , and a large glass of cranberry juice cost two pounds pandoras jaw dropped .
baked beans was the first thing she ate , by accident .
she growled at the ocean water , amanda saying what is it , beans ?
sharon started making the full works for breakfast : sausages , bacon , toast , fried mushrooms , fried eggs , fried tomatoes , beans and spaghetti hoops in different bowls , so we could dish out what we wanted .
it did n't occur to me at the time to ask where the chicken came from , or the mashed potatoes , green beans , or homemade biscuits .
sallie and i were sitting on the porch breaking green beans .
` ` hand me some of them butter beans , newbie , '' he said .
and how to find the ones with hidden talents , like half - breed samuel who seems to know just how many beans are in those guessing jars .
i ' ve seen him wrong just once , and that 's only because they used a filling , it was n't all beans ... .the point is , i never would have learned about my men without drinking with them ! ''
you re a crap for beans , ai nt ya ?
the only food was a can of beans , peanut butter and white bread .
she was making tortillas and beans for us , and we were on our mats , waiting .
because it was harvest , the storyteller and i went to his milpa and picked maize and squash and beans , and when we returned to his hut i told stories while he listened and corrected .
they raised the exchange for maize , squash , and beans .
they cut away the squash and severed the beans .
all the hip - high maize plants were taken by the greedy river spirits , the squashes and beans and gourds were gobbled up .
everyone has brought a little something wrapped in a maize huska bit of bird , some beans , some maize gruel .
there is nothing rich , just tortillas and beans .
in truth the maize and squashes and beans are juicy and satisfying , there are fat pumpkins , everything that is delicious comes from the good earth .
today had proceeded as expected , with a simple shopping trip down to the farmers market on the river wisp , where shed purchased a few eggplants , cabbage , and string beans to bring back to her chef .
he flung out an arm and caught himself on the edge of a table , sending a bowl crashing to the ground , tossing beans into the air .
matt fried some of the sliced bacon , from his pack , with onions and beans .
jann handed petr a metal plate filled with fried bacon , beans , cheese , and a thick slice of bread , get it in - ya .
mom moved along the countertop , slowly pouring green beans into a glass bowl and setting it aside .
the pot contained hunks of prime caribou meat , sweet tubers , and beans that simmered in thick gravy .
now though , she knew better ; as he reached toward the top of the espresso machine to put fresh beans in the hopper , the morning sun streaming through the window reflected on the soft down on the parts of his arms that were n't covered by his white button - down shirt , giving him a golden sheen .
when they got to dg , khalil was on the register , talking to a customer about the origin of the beans for the daily blend .
sacks , canvas bags full of beans of some kind .
the beans pressed into me , suffocating .
the meal was mostly vegetable stew , with a little mixed rice and beans and a very small amount of melted butter as a sauce .
so i want to have a pile of middleweight sacks of rice and beans hidden away .
the man , who came here with a huge eagle on his arm , may not be enough interesting , so she ignores us and scatters the beans , that she has been holding in her hands , on the table .
and then pick the beans in groups of seven your side .
his wife is the albanian woman who sits at that table and is all ears what the romani woman tells : if there are six beans it means .
damn dock workers are on strike , and my entire shipment of columbian beans is stuck in customs .
inside he found sixteen bags of doritos , two cans of beans , one of them opened , replaced , and forgotten during binge munchies , and a box of frosted flakes .
the beans smelled like a dead cat .
and it had started as such a good day ... lenk had n't planned on much : a breakfast of hard tack and beans , a bit of time above deck , possibly vomiting overboard before dinner .
over the past few days , i ' ve been stabbed , slashed , punched , pummelled and smashed by various people and things without the luxury of pay or anything more than a bowl of beans and the complaining of the people i somehow manage always to find myself surrounded by . '
she used lean meat , dark kidney beans , carrots cut small , a bottle or so of dark beer , and freshly sliced hot peppers .
there was a table on the other side of the room laden high with coleslaw and beans and cornmeal hush puppies and chicken and ribs and black - eyed peas , and by midafternoon the house was filled with people weeping and laughing and shaking hands with the minister , everything being quietly organized and overseen by the sober - suited messrs . jacquel and ibis .
in the morning the captives were fed beans and ship 's biscuits , and a mouthful each of vinegared lime juice , harsh enough that their faces would twist , and they would cough and splutter , and some of them would moan and wail as the lime juice was spooned out .
we 'd bought a frozen pumpkin pie and opened a can of green beans .
we coaxed manfred into going with us , and we ate hot biscuits with gravy poured over them , and some hamburger steak , and some green beans .
the right recipe for them includes homemade tortillas ( which i buy at the corner comedor along with my rice and beans ) and good oaxaca cheese .
after one bite , he augmented his quesadilla with a spoon of rice and beans .
i scraped the leftover rice and beans into the trash and then bundled it up in a tiny plastic shopping bag .
a hostess sat us down with two menus , and i decided on the mixed parrillada with nopales and beans .
we all met up in the kitchen , where eva simmered some bean soup that smelled like heaven .
the bean soup would n't be done for hours , and i wanted sleep .
the waitress at ma 's had packed us two blue plate specials , which turned out to be meat loaf and green beans .
while i ate cold meat loaf and green beans , i skimmed through the collection of yellowed articles , most of which dealt with the town losing bids for contracts , developers building elsewhere , businesses closing down , and other crappy developments .
concern did n't stop me from enjoying the homemade food : fried chicken , green beans with bacon , sweet potato casserole , ambrosia salad .
the nice thing about the neighborhood , there were several tortillerias and taquerias within a couple of blocks , where i could buy rice and beans .
i got tacos al pastor , rice , and beans .
pigeons everywhere and the scent of coffee beans in the air .
cutlet , hash chop , stew , ragout , fricassee , mince , collops , souffle , dumpling , blancmange , sorbet , gruel , sausage , not to have a sausage , beans , without a hear , kickshaws , jelly , jam .
the old man followed him patiently along the rows , while brutha spoke beans and herbs .
` ` beans , peas ... you know .
' soss , egg , beans and rat 12p soss , rat and fried slice l0p cream - cheese rat 9p rat and beans 8p rat and ketchup 7p rat 4p ' ' why does ketchup cost almost as much as the rat ? '
' ... spyin ' on me with magic , i told'em , bean soup , see here ... and then everyone was dancing , you see , and then afterwards there were two of the wizards in the street and one of them was going on about catching the music in a box and mr dibbler was interested and then the coffee house exploded and they all went back to the university ... buggrit , buggrit , buggrem , see if i do n't . '
the problem was not putting them to work but stopping them from working ; if you set a golem to digging the garden and then forgot about it , you 'd come back to find it 'd planted a row of beans 1500 miles long .
' i could n't subtract a fart from a plate of beans . '
' it 's what happens when people spend five hundred years trying to get a stone circle to work properly and then someone comes up with a little book with a page for every day and little chatty bits saying things like ` ` now is a good time to plant broad beans '' and ` ` early to rise , early to bed , makes a man healthy , wealthy and dead , '' and do you know what the most important thing to remember about culture shock . '
' -only i ' m partial to a bowl of beans and i ' ve never been beholden to no one nor nobody , ' the old man said , still staring at his lap .
the peasant had a handful of beans and the king had so much he would not even notice that which he gave away .
or cold beans . '
i at least cleaned all the beans off- ' ' well , we 're not actually alone , are we ?
just to taste her beans baked upon the toast a man would give up a cycle of the universe ! '
' cocoa is just a rather bitter bean , after all . '
nor were dangerous beans , donut enter , darktan , hamnpork , big savings , toxie and all the rest of them .
dangerous beans .
maurice thought about the names he knew - hamnpork , dangerous beans , darktan , sardines ... ' sounds like an ordinary kind of name to me , ' he said .
' i did n't expect this ... ' somewhere below maurice 's paws , and about a street away , the one local rat that the changelings had found alive was crouched in front of dangerous beans .
' what 's that word dangerous beans invented ? '
we were all frightened but we talked and we trapped it and hamnpork saw it off whimpering ... ' to her shock , peaches saw that dangerous beans was crying .
and then there was just dangerous beans , peaches , and maurice .
' peaches and dangerous beans , ' said keith .
peaches and dangerous beans had gone .
sweeper went back to the garden and found vimes still staring at the empty baked - bean tin of universal oneness .
these days , no one had to eat beans .
i ' ve watched him sit down to a meal of pot au feu with white beans , and that was an impressive sight , drumknott , which i will not easily forget .
tonight , as they were eating their stew ( with black beans ) , miss treason said , ` ` the wind is rising .
one plate of beans can take a year off your life .
tiffany helped the old woman with her buckets , helped make some butter , patted her very old dog , had beans on toast , and then- ` ` i think i ' ve got something here for you , '' said mrs . umbridge , heading for the little counter that was twoshirts 's entire post office .
' double egg , chips , beans , and a trollburger , hold the onions , ' he rasped .
the eggs were bright and shiny , the beans glistened like rubies , and the chips were the crisp golden brown of sunburned bodies on expensive beaches .
granny weatherwax carried on shelling beans in the sun , much to nanny 's annoyance .
she put down the bowl of beans and looked thoughtfully at the trees .
` ` ` ` ' the good mother makes bean soup for the errant boy , ' ` ` said the voice behind the door .
` ` ' the good mother makes bean soup for the errant boy . '
the next course was fat pork , beans and floury potatoes .
` ` he does like beans , '' samuel added , his hand under his nose to block out the smell .
` ` good morning , bryn , '' a voice that was too cheery for this early in the morning emitted above the sound of coffee beans whirring in the grinder .
` ` adding cash is completely different than adding beans . ''
woven baskets were being brought out to the clearing , so large they required two men each to carry , and full of foodstuffs : small pale yellow kidney beans spotted black , hard and dried ; red - brown grains of sorghum ; small onions of yellow and purple - red ; more strips of the pungent dried meat .
eve asked , as she opened the freezer to grab the beans .
there was a beat of silence as eve poured the beans into the grinder , then sydney whispered , ` ` i guess the new me is more attractive , too .
pressing on the lid of the grinder , eve turned the beans into fresh grounds .
again the rattle came , like beans in a jar , and eve frowned .
alec pulled the bag of coffee beans out of the freezer .
as eve took the bag from him and poured the beans into the grinder , her hands were steady but she was shaking inside .
come back full of pep and beans .
i 'd go home , graciously and with understanding , and come back tomorrow full of pep and beans , or whatever the hell she was talking about .
then abner marsh waited , and took what solace he could in a lovely dinner of roast pork and green beans and onions , with half a blueberry pie afterward .
there was turtle soup and lobster salad , stuffed crabs and larded sweetbreads , oyster pie and mutton chops , terrapin , pan - fried chicken , turnips and stuffed peppers , roast beef and breaded veal cutlets , irish potatoes and green corn and carrots and artichokes and snap beans , a profusion of rolls and breads , wine and spirits from the bar and fresh milk in from the city , plates of new - churned butter , and for dessert plum pudding and lemon pie and floating islands and sponge cake with chocolate sauce .
he ate a leg of lamb in mint sauce , a mess of turnips and snap beans , and three helpings of tapioca , but even that did n't calm him .
that day in 1860 he was sitting there peacefully , drinking a glass of wine and waiting for the waiter to fetch out the roasted duck and yams and snap beans and hot bread he 'd ordered , when he got interrupted .
our coffee hangout had local artists ' pictures showcased on the walls , several bean - bag chairs to hang out in , and even stacks of board games and books for patrons to use while they enjoyed yummy caffeinated beverages .
i love those string beans ! ''
we had country - fried steak , mashed potatoes , and lima beans at a near - duplicated kountry good eats , and it was actually very tasty .
some generous soul had brought a thinly sliced roast , but i passed it by , and instead got some broccoli , a fruit casserole baked in some kind of curry sauce , a roll , and a cold three - bean salad .
i felt like if i concentrated , i could follow the beans all the way back to the rich colombian ground that nurtured them - back to the plant that bore them - back through time , all the generations .
i stared down at the coffee cup , dived down into the structure and felt it from the inside out , the cool heavy reality of the ceramic , the earth - rich scent of ground beans and water .
first i give them all the food in my pack , grain and dried beans mostly , but there 's enough to hold them for a while if they 're careful .
gale and i head down to lunch , where we 're served bean and onion stew , a thick slice of bread , and a cup of water .
he ate a small breakfast of cold tortillas and beans , and disconnected his pistol from the van 's power cells and tucked it into his holster , where it was a warm , comforting weight on his hip ; out here , you could never be sure when you were going to run into a chupacabra or a snatchergrabber .
ramon opened a can of black bean soup - one of the self - heating kind - and ate it with a beer .
he got a can of black beans , a couple of tortillas , some eggs from the back of the refrigerator , and a hunk of cheese .
the beans dropped from their can to one side of the heating skillet , hissing and popping as the juice started to boil .
he crumbled a handful of cheese over the beans , then slid the tortillas onto plates .
ramon was silent as he served up the eggs , spooned the beans and cheese over the top , got the coffee brewing .
the coffee was warm , the beans cold as the table .
ralph went upstairs , dumped a can of beans into one pot and a couple of hotdogs into another , and walked impatiently back and forth through the flat , snapping his fingers and occasionally running his fingers through his hair , as he waited for this impromptu bachelor 's supper to cook .
the beans were bubbling in their pot , the hotdogs boiling in theirs - only it looked to ralph almost as if they were dancing in there , doing the bristol stomp to the old dovells tune .
he paused with half the pot of beans and franks consumed .
what she did n't say - but what ralph was sure she was thinking was i also see you sitting there an eating beans right out of the tin , like some ragged street - person who never learned any better ... ` ` i have a habit of remembering what i see , roberts .
he put the pot of beans aside and began to slowly rub his hands together .
he saw shadowy furnace - pipe 's , grimy with dust , a snowblower covered with a large sheet of dirty transparent plastic , gardening equipment lined up to one side of a dim cylinder that was probably the water heater , and cartons stacked against one brick wall - soup , beans , spaghetti sauce , coffee , garbage bags , toilet - tissue .
the sky spoke of rain to come ; but the light was broadening quickly , and the red flowers on the beans began to glow against the wet green leaves .
i had n't had anything to eat in three days but jerky and a few beans .
in the morning , he ate a small breakfast of cold tortillas and beans , consulted the survey maps , and started up the southern slopes , looking for the collision line .
when it came up , he wordlessly handed me my bag of four tacos , two bean burritos , and a tostada .
` ` those have beans and rice in them ? ''
see the big bags of coffee beans and the boxes of teabags ?
now i think we 'll do a side of the green beans i blanched and froze from the garden last year , then we 'll ...
they ended up with four barleycorns , two melons , and two beans .
that 's what comes of beans and barley bread '' .
` ` he has melons in the fields , beans and barleycorn , and .. ` ` .
the melons went one way , the beans another , the barleycorns a third .
dried beans , dried fruit , everything . ''
there was no hint of the roast , gravy or long , thin buttered beans that had made up the rest of elaida 's meal .
out of the corner of her eye , she saw a slender serving woman climb the steps carrying a plate of beans and steamed radishes for semirhage 's midday meal .
` ` i- '' cadsuane raised her hand , and semirhage practically leaped off of her lap and scrambled onto the floor , eating the beans .
she hesitated beside sarene , who watched with fascination as the forsaken ate beans off of the floor .
no beans , no vegetables .
soldiers from the band hunkered down , chopping vegetables and stewing beans with the furtive expression of men who had been given firm instructions .
there 's a knock on one of the connecting doors while i ' m mopping up the juice from my baked beans .
it was so good - not just a sauce but a thick pottage of lentils and soft cooked beans and pepper and spices .
using gravity and the alchemy of heat , water , and strong coffee beans , the machine turned out a brew that was n't a potion , but sure tasted like magic .
he scooped coffee beans into a grinder .
dinner consisted of mashed potatoes and spam , both drenched in dark gravy , and green beans .
there are boxes of pancake mix and half - eaten bags of chips ; a half - dozen cereals , cans of beans and tuna , two jars of honey , cemented to the shelf by a sticky , golden ring of overspill ; sardines and pasta and bags of rice in which mites have started to nest .
i made it through all nine months on tinned green beans , tuna fish , and a little bit of beer .
he did n't want to bring even a can of beans .
she had nt worn it since their most threadbare time , when they lived on day - old bread and that vile , watery onion and black bean soup .
he was living on beans and rice , bread and sanka until he knew whether he d make the cut .
the specialty of the house is squab , he announced , it comes fried with a spicy black bean sauce , potatoes , zucchini and corn pone .
* * * * sitting in the dank motel cubicle i d inherited from the departed production manager , i fought to digest the wieners and beans laid on for the companys supper in the motel coffee shop a defunct enterprise revived temporarily for this production .
chapter 4 trudging through the dust and weeds at the edge of the highway toward the riverview motel and another bout with its evening cuisine - linoleum hamburgers maybe , or pork and beans in which the pork was a local improvisation .
truth is , explained bob , the pa owed me for stuff when he had his accident , the widow ai nt got two beans to rub together , so i figure if she and glenn work something out i might just get paid .
as if it had nt been a trying enough daya terrible rehearsal , a chastisement from madame giry concerning her lack of dedication , and the continued nonappearance of the angelshe still had to come home to a pathetically - tiny tenement and a small plate of beans and some old lettuce to remind her of the pathetic poverty in which she lived .
she drew a trail through the tiny mound of beans with her fork , growing more and more depressed as she wondered if the angel would ever come .
asked mamma , filling christines plate with sad , soggy string beans and a small amount of tough beef .
she could prepare fried rice , pork and beans , and fried egg .
there was only about 60 pounds of beans and 40 of dry bread left and the germans were getting closer .
the other four partisans loaded bread , lard , flour , salt , beans , and other foods onto the sleds .
they stored the meat , along with grain , dried berries , beans , and some roots and tubers , in stone pits in the ground at the edge of their camp .
now he had enough to cover a weeks rent on his room and have a little left for a decent supper , something better than the can of beans he d warm on the hot plate in his room many nights .
after the steak and beans and another drink , billy announced they were staying the night .
therefore beans and peas , as well as live dry weat grains ( that horses are regularly used to eat ) - all were served half boiled , so that the hardness of food would be felt .
she turned to a cook who was standing thereby and told him : you take a big spoon and taste these green beans .
she turned to the chief cook , and ordered him to taste the beans .
he did that , and she stayed next to him while his mouth was quickly swallowing a bowel of beans .
buck stuck true to form with a rare lunch steak , red beans and cold slaw .
they lived on buffalo meat , spuds and beans until the buffalo were gone and by that time there was enough beef to replace the buffalo , so i guess you can say it 's a family tradition . ''
six months ago , much to his dismay , rita blaine took a rock pile buck was sure did n't amount to a hill of beans and was now turning into a trend setting multi - million dollar development .
eventually we did order dinner blackened catfish , beans and rice .
june 15th , 1866 -- dover pennsylvania sarah picked the last of the string beans .
it was too hot for beans already and the plants were dying .
the beans were all snapped and washed .
she put up eight pints of dilled string beans : two for momma , two for annie , two for emma , one for mr . haught and one to keep .
while the jars of beans cooled on the table , sarah went out and worked in the garden .
at five , a plate of beans was served to him , and dan feared that he might not be able to hold out .
he was thinking about the soups made out of his potatoes , barley , tomatoes , leek , carrots , cabbage , beans , onions and other vegetables .
the words were said in a no nonsense manner that got hank to thinking that this mex would just as soon shoot him over a can of beans as look at him .
he was pleased to realize that the gallon or so that he must have just drank , did a good job of taking the edge off his hunger , but that s not to say that a well done steak and a plate of beans would nt do him a whole lot of good right about now .
he paused to shovel in a few more bites of some of the best tasting beans he d had in a long while .
what grains or beans do you have ?
and so alex was able to acquire some beans and peas to give some needed variety to his diet .
after the meal , which consisted of the meat that the longhunter had in his game bag and some beans mixed with corn that he had fried in a little fat over the fire , they fell to talking , after cleaning up the remains of the meal and packing away their gear .
it had consisted of brown beans and cornbread with some leftover ham from breakfast , but it was good and he was grateful .
three young ladies walked into the room carrying plates of food , small portions of meat with beans and cornbread .
he had brought his wagon along with some fried chicken , corn , green beans , and cornbread .
there s also some green beans , turnip greens , and hot biscuits .
becky had baked a ham with green beans , mashed potatoes , and corn on the cob .
becky had also sent some of the mashed potatoes and a few green beans that had been left over .
he laughed and reached for the beans .
polly had a look of irritation on her face as she continued , i had asked him to bring in the last of the shell beans before dinner , but i have not so much as laid eyes on him since this morning .
were gon na have cornbread and beans with maybe a little ham .
they were wolfing down two large steaks with some homemade biscuits and beans .
full of the beans and salt pork that parkman had cooked , he fell into the first peaceful sleep he had known in some time .
underneath the smell of cabbage and beans swirled the hint of blood .
tessa had waited supper on him and he walked in to find that shed made a meatloaf with potatoes and green beans .
only one can of beans and a dozen hardtack biscuits remained from the stores he had brought along with him from denver .
he had supplemented his diet along the way with fresh meat killed along the trail and he thought that if he pitched his camp early in the evening , he might have time to scout around and stir up some game to cook with the beans .
` ` we could n't never buy enough whiskey to fill that gut of yours , ol ' man , ' less it gets some meat an ' beans in it first . ''
he soon reappeared carrying a plate with four big hunks of half - cooked steak on it and a steaming pot of red beans .
he said no more , but scooped up some beans with his fingers and put them in his mouth , then took a drink of the hot coffee .
he camped that night in the thick forest , building a fire only large enough to boil a pot of coffee and heat a can of beans for supper .
near dusk , marjorie prepared a meal of canned meat , beans , and corn bread which she carried around and served to the men on guard .
after he buried deston he made a proper camp with boiled coffee , fried bacon and beans , and a night of peaceful sleep , but he was still haggard and exhausted .
ridge watched as a plate of roast meat and beans was set on the table in front of him .
ridge wolfed down his plate of beans and beef and was about to leave the building when binnaker called out to him from the bar .
ridge was getting a little tired of this steady diet of meat , beans , and bread , but at least it was hot and there was always plenty , and he reminded himself that it was worlds better than a lot of things he had put in his mouth and called food before .
the innkeeper had provided a bag of coffee , hardtack , bacon , some beans , a coffee pot , frying pan , small pouch of sugar , a cured ham , a powder horn half filled with powder , some percussion caps and a colt .44 caliber , six - shot revolver complete with holster .
coffee , bacon and beans make pretty good eating .
they fried beans sliced off some salt - cured ham and opened up hardtack and washed it all down with freshly brewed coffee .
lets load up with supplies we need beans , bacon , salt , flour , coffee , sugar if they have it and whatever else you think we need to get to scarlett .
no matter what else might be said about cornersville , kansas , ever since the first trader threw up a sod hut and began selling gunpowder , lead , canned beans , and rotgut whiskey twenty years before , it had never been a dull place to live .
then when the day was ended , he was usually the one assigned to gather wood and chips for the cook , or to tend to the horses of the other men while they marched off to the chuck wagon for coffee and beans .
chapter thirteen though there were many other things about cornersville that ridge would be glad to leave behind him , he knew that when he was gone he would certainly miss the good meals he had enjoyed at mabel cain 's cafe after spoiling himself for more than two weeks on her thick steaks , generous portions of fresh vegetables , and smooth , rich coffee , it would be a chore returning to the beans , bacon , and hardtack of the trail .
now why do nt ya grab a plate of beans and beef for your mother ?
she grabbed a tin plate and forked on it , a slice of hot beef , then splattered beans .
mom cooked us beans on ration and also rationed the water that was nearly gone .
sunup came early and i could smell mom cooking fresh beans and bread on the grill .
use dried goods like jerked beef or eat those beans cold with water .
i watched them eating and one offered me a plate of beans and a cup of fresh coffee .
i waited a while and a pretty bargirl in a brilliant long blue dress brought me a glass of cold milk and a plate of steak , beans and corn to eat .
the views were endless as we all chatted and cooked beans with a keg of beer to drink .
these grizzly bears , they re a big mean bunch , i commented as i ate a part of that hot steak , and then forked some beans and a chug of beer in my tin cup .
i gave him some tobacco , canned peaches , brown sugar and dried beans .
what do you think the difference is between stepping on a banana peel and bumping into a sack of beans ?
they had been simple pinto bean tacos but my mother could make a feast out of nothing .
one day when i turned too fast , not noticing he was behind me , i dropped a sack of uncooked pinto beans on his feet .
after having dinner , pinto beans and some green salsathat was all we had , leonardo and i went to the vegetable shack .
at some point the area around kaskaskia goes from growing enough corn and beans to feed themselves , to growing enough for export .
they poled up to baton rouge and sold the corn and beans there .
they learned to work in the fields and plant corn , beans and tobacco .
they were able to save most of the corn and some of the beans , but the hot sun , with little rain , assured them of no tobacco or even pumpkins in the fall .
little corn and beans were yielded in the previous year , so there was little seed to begin this year .
* * * they camped on the open prairie , eating a supper of biscuits and beans heated over an open fire , followed by tinned peaches packed in thick , sweet syrup .
within thirty minutes of stopping to make camp , they were well into a meal of fried pork , tinned beans , and hardtack .
the coffee beans were fresh and boiled just enough to release their flavor .
margaret served fried chicken , corn on the cob , mashed potatoes and gravy , green beans that she had canned during summertime , biscuits topped with apricot preserves , and apple pie for dessert .
as each finished their allotted portions of ham , sweet potatoes , green beans , a slice of bread , and piece of fruitcake , excuse me was spoken and they moved to the parlor .
they dined on roast pork , sweet potatoes , green beans , and a wonderful chocolate cake fresh from the oven .
hurriedly , he grabbed a plate and filled it with a drumstick , potato salad , pickle , coleslaw , and baked beans before margaret could swallow a mouthful from her second plate of food and start lambasting him again .
as always , mrs . olson prepared a feast : roast ham topped with brown sugar and raisins , sweet potatoes , green beans , corn , rolls topped with butter and apricot , strawberry or rhubarb preserves , and apple pie for dessert .
samantha had her live - in cook prepare rods favorite meal : thick steaks , well done for him ; baked potatoes ; green beans ; and pecan pie for dessert .
it would have given her a decent life in retirement ; now she could barely afford to eat baked beans .
higgins the itinerant labourer intoned despondently , bloody hell , and to think i spent all day over at watford shifting sacks of beans !
i stare at my breakfast of beans , cornbread , and tea .
there were some things that he had seen before including several kinds of vegetables , corn , beans and orchards of apples , peaches and plums .
there would be roasted chicken on the first day , then the stringy remains boiled with the spelt porridge the next , and the bones left in a stock with beans the day after .
he was jack of all work in the household ; fetching and carrying , mostly , getting water from the cistern , grain or beans from the dried stores , lugging a fresh amphora of wine in from the storehouse .
beans , peas and herbs were picked and then laid out to dry in the autumnal sun on the stone veranda that faced south .
after they had loaded up the wagon with flour , corn meal , beans , bacon , and several quilts , emma guided the wagon north up bain street toward the river bottoms and old commerce .
prudence wept as she was given a side of bacon , some corn meal , and a basket of beans .
the smell of cornbread and beans wafted into their noses .
after bowls of beans and cornbread , the children began to bring out their handmade items to show to the guests .
and pick a mess of dem snap beans , too .
chicken with some o that good low country rice and string beans and the best lemon cake .
maybe we could make some beans too .
there were cans of chicken noodle soup , corn , green beans , carrots , potatoes , and even a couple cans of chili .
the night before , she had walked into a 7 - 11 and stolen some generic brand of canned pork and beans .
fish , rice , beans , soy milk , flour , those things would still be around but the prices were surely going to climb .
whatever is left , rice , flour , beans and fish are in extremely short supply .
looking at the platters on the tables , i see a meat substance , some green beans and a dinner roll .
beans , peaches , green beans , and more .
beans , peaches , green beans , and more .
french cut green beans .
i like green beans , grung said .
well , fearless leader , would you prefer home - style baked beans or beans and franks ?
well , fearless leader , would you prefer home - style baked beans or beans and franks ?
i m in the mood for baked beans , ellie said as she tossed lily the beans and franks .
i m in the mood for baked beans , ellie said as she tossed lily the beans and franks .
and i do nt mean the beans .
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
the royal zoo is closed - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the royal zoo is closed 309 the 182 a 143 and 108 of 83 in 70 he 70 to 64 was 47 his 45 sweeney 44 it 39 on 33 as 28 with 23 were 23 that 22 or 22 from 22 at 20 for 19 an 19 into 17 no 17 i 16 had 15 by 14 its 14 their 14 not 13 you 13 they 12 if 12 so 12 like 11 him 11 man 11 there 10 what 10 too 10 is 10 one 9 me 9 last 9 why 9 but 9 mass 9 them 9 through 8 she 8 was n't 8 just 8 be 8 off 7 i ' m 7 her 7 up 7 do 7 take 7 read 7 out 6 can 6 who 6 you 're 6 this 6 some 6 how 6 nothing 6 graffiti 6 said 6 it 's 6 did n't 6 when 6 could n't 6 across 5 people 5 even 5 would 5 right 5 sometimes 5 good 5 made 5 until 5 all 5 black 5 every 5 mouth 5 about 5 stared 5 here 5 always 5 these 5 enough 4 going 4 set 4 could 4 want 4 thumbprint 4 never 4 wearing 4 way 4 under 4 confucius 4 whole 4 went 4 your 4 did 4 much 4 only 4 paper 4 big 4 know 4 other 4 another 4 wanted 4 well 4 world 4 would n't 4 think 4 old 4 morning 4 dead 4 maybe 4 trees 4 then 4 thought 4 hand 4 see 4 modern 3 already 3 get 3 something 3 he 'd 3 racist 3 past 3 gave 3 after 3 any 3 wall 3 where 3 bus 3 make 3 uh 3 ones 3 seemed 3 office 3 yeah 3 meant 3 being 3 clicked 3 over 3 got 3 shot 3 time 3 human 3 closed 3 days 3 mean 3 began 3 shortcake 3 hell 3 city 3 everything 3 pants 3 have 3 dog 3 life 3 sky 3 places 3 down 3 own 3 lived 3 face 3 home 3 might 3 water 3 shadow 3 light 3 blood 3 yet 3 between 3 though 3 day 3 since 3 harem 3 mother 3 background 3 small 3 once 3 either 3 tried 3 stalled 3 around 3 first 2 opera 2 hats 2 everyone 2 resembled 2 matter 2 trenches 2 p 2 better 2 square 2 doc 2 table 2 country 2 job 2 white 2 briefcase 2 that 's 2 go 2 universe 2 thunder 2 tiger 2 age 2 sweeney 's 2 bottles 2 hope 2 today 2 pigeons 2 fire 2 hungry 2 wine 2 shoot 2 fat 2 coffee 2 lips 2 neighbor 2 bloody 2 little 2 mailboxes 2 those 2 away 2 dirty 2 metal 2 poured 2 shit 2 mouths 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 ocean 2 bed 2 neck 2 than 2 schizophrenic 2 symbol 2 piece 2 image 2 impotent 2 back 2 came 2 someone 2 do n't 2 new 2 send 2 s 2 money 2 more 2 stop 2 information 2 there 's 2 horn 2 doctor 2 upon 2 west 2 come 2 next 2 homicide 2 everywhere 2 eat 2 cat 2 against 2 flickered 2 inside 2 mind 2 except 2 quit 2 nobody 2 holes 2 carved 2 fremont 2 air 2 give 2 may 2 hall 2 different 2 jesus 2 now 2 retreated 2 far 2 makes 2 sound 2 coat 2 golden 2 crowds 2 chasm 2 such 2 guess 2 ancient 2 afraid 2 teeth 2 cry 2 has 2 dying 2 buddy 2 hotel 2 shovel 2 apple 2 events 2 fastened 2 clouds 2 searching 2 moved 2 apartment 2 shouted 2 professional 2 things 2 few 2 should 2 waiting 2 doors 2 cup 2 car 2 fingers 2 wrote 2 below 2 call 2 open 2 here 's 2 pressed 2 flog 2 alexander 2 war 2 bowl 2 cage 2 happening 2 moment 2 eyes 2 beginning 2 fires 2 hawking 2 crack 2 cold 2 had n't 2 thoughts 2 getting 2 prescription 2 gazed 2 burned 2 shrink 2 several 2 heart 2 legs 2 three 2 two 2 silence 2 each 2 screw 2 plot 2 full 2 cipher 2 however 2 considered 2 still 2 will 2 zoo 2 cause 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 moon 2 problem 2 bomb 2 sun 2 remembered 2 plum 2 free 2 hour 2 royal 2 space 2 book 2 hollywood 2 looked 2 children 2 ever 2 appeared 2 lost 2 maggy 2 wear 2 o ' 2 dollars 2 pioneer 2 guy 2 true 2 ground 2 which 2 found 2 nearly 2 cigarette 2 window 2 floor 2 ate 2 walked 2 tell 2 cockney 2 stage 2 elephants 2 street 2 been 2 name 2 door 2 buried 2 courtesy 2 glasses 2 head 2 she 'd 2 brought 2 thing 2 along 2 drop 2 stupid 2 live 1 bedrock 1 pings 1 gray 1 twenty 1 hominids 1 fuck 1 strip - mall 1 cerebrum 1 mural 1 bullhorns 1 death 1 booth 1 lies 1 loaded 1 recollected 1 blinds 1 gone 1 goddamned 1 crown 1 obey 1 stoplights 1 penalty 1 failed 1 local 1 theologians 1 fish 1 texans 1 truck 1 adders 1 suspicion 1 skateboard 1 hive 1 show 1 sufficient 1 abiding 1 breath 1 icbms 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 stigmata 1 drunk 1 artless 1 bronzed 1 matted 1 excess 1 cracks 1 commented 1 veteran 1 drugs 1 arms 1 degenerate 1 building 1 vernacular 1 waitress 1 banker 1 happy 1 green 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 feasting 1 yellow 1 dominoes 1 b 1 paralyzed 1 brim 1 vast 1 bulldozing 1 nosebleeds 1 fridge 1 escalators 1 pious 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 expression 1 wonder 1 saint 1 invented 1 learning 1 cabinet 1 sleep 1 bedrooms 1 drifted 1 both 1 sailor 1 overcome 1 transit 1 concrete 1 sloshed 1 drinking 1 couch 1 transients 1 wet 1 scribed 1 hail 1 tv 1 candles 1 third 1 premature 1 casting 1 leviathans 1 shock 1 pigeon 1 spray 1 occasion 1 afford 1 bottom 1 mortar 1 approach 1 hot 1 incidentally 1 eighteenth 1 scotch 1 safehouse 1 foreign 1 district 1 bleeding 1 sock 1 underdog 1 dens 1 late 1 foot 1 plan 1 tak 1 yolk 1 shudder 1 worker 1 pat 1 coda 1 exist 1 transformed 1 groan 1 socrates 1 necessary 1 sport 1 natural 1 pot 1 humming 1 fix 1 card 1 espresso 1 alchemy 1 cult 1 dawn 1 galactic 1 whispering 1 primordial 1 meat 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 artists 1 represented 1 plastic 1 perched 1 inherit 1 splattered 1 striding 1 hair 1 aircraft 1 sea 1 tie 1 hill 1 freeway 1 stalin 1 disjointed 1 polyphemus 1 dimness 1 noriega 1 tuned 1 turban 1 near 1 five - mile 1 he 's 1 trapped 1 action 1 polar 1 woke 1 many 1 slave 1 buxom 1 god 1 gravity 1 church 1 massacre 1 ejaculations 1 stolen 1 college 1 watching 1 shelter 1 gravy 1 wrong 1 hiss - boom - bah 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 dark 1 janitors 1 implications 1 crap 1 dirt - blacked 1 german 1 seized 1 tints 1 inspiration 1 shelling 1 fast 1 instinct 1 empathy 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ballsy 1 norma 1 ripped 1 telepathically 1 doozies 1 emaciated 1 cigarettes 1 puzzled 1 bristled 1 callous 1 neighborhoods 1 riding 1 funnels 1 syllable 1 they 'd 1 switch 1 pathos 1 j 1 knights 1 metaphysical 1 horn - rim 1 filament 1 revved 1 say 1 underdone 1 brick 1 pit 1 freaking 1 tragically 1 imprezio 1 diner 1 barn 1 kept 1 pancakes 1 length 1 woodwork 1 collective 1 understand 1 whirled 1 split 1 biological 1 passed 1 monologue 1 anxiety 1 blats 1 canvases 1 bug 1 conversation 1 apothegm 1 button 1 speculated 1 bangs 1 99 1 dusty 1 touring 1 goes 1 we 1 buildings 1 itzhak 1 bas - relief 1 testosterone - aggravated 1 dropping 1 g - string 1 soon 1 wipe 1 end 1 homeless 1 scavenging 1 limestone 1 purely 1 neatly 1 great 1 independence 1 stomachs 1 particular 1 without 1 jeff 1 pictures 1 department 1 wristwatches 1 11 1 endless 1 woman 1 sticky 1 zero 1 cells 1 ankle 1 nebula 1 chasing 1 perceive 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 jean 1 supple 1 vanity 1 cops ' 1 five - star 1 beehive 1 lenin 1 irrational 1 india 1 1788 1 d 1 stumbled 1 struggled 1 chest 1 esteemed 1 vatican 1 theological 1 child 1 comfort 1 foreigners 1 grown 1 organizations 1 pretty 1 thud 1 ammonia 1 innocent 1 bentov 1 nose 1 tripped 1 wide 1 finger 1 screamed 1 delusional 1 start 1 spattered 1 supernumerary 1 leftist 1 actually 1 sweated 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 fireman 1 obeying 1 pleasant 1 plaster 1 hiss 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 exodus 1 cap 1 diabolical 1 asteroids 1 rebuff 1 blown 1 madness 1 rats 1 peanut 1 vesuvius 1 detritus 1 bugs 1 hoof 1 sake 1 salon 1 soldiers 1 prey 1 ted 1 patterns 1 argot 1 regarding 1 ceiling 1 hoping 1 palatable 1 most 1 writers 1 roof 1 look 1 passenger 1 hometown 1 desert 1 flocks 1 misery 1 shrieking 1 topple 1 kin 1 windmilling 1 ducked 1 gelded 1 yawned 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 smashup 1 76 1 bandits 1 left 1 fact 1 seen 1 shifted 1 refer 1 vowed 1 noisy 1 sweep 1 means 1 garbage 1 utilitarian 1 thoroughly 1 recall 1 underrepresented 1 armed 1 crush 1 coffin 1 screen 1 cherub 1 atom 1 probably 1 postscript 1 slime 1 plenty 1 maze 1 fixated 1 swaggart 1 disgorged 1 fly 1 dignity 1 gum 1 less 1 vodka 1 decided 1 lovingly 1 cargo 1 skull 1 stuck 1 crashing 1 lately 1 sunrise 1 instruments 1 teeming 1 deserted 1 trey 1 circle 1 died 1 crucifix 1 science 1 mr 1 slashed 1 churches 1 worry 1 scraped 1 grew 1 millennial 1 mob 1 fizzled 1 committee 1 stretcher 1 calcified 1 whale 1 glass 1 relegated 1 wax 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 habit 1 excavated 1 chronicles 1 engine 1 hiding 1 appraising 1 brush 1 focus 1 scratch 1 begin 1 geologically 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 superstructures 1 likely 1 peeping 1 sighed 1 political 1 somebody 1 steady 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 valleys 1 i ' ve 1 france 1 salvo 1 ditch 1 escape 1 genuflect 1 handball 1 brave 1 pregnant 1 ellipses 1 sleek 1 confuses 1 manual 1 sigh 1 demolished 1 carpet 1 lovecraft 's 1 twitching 1 turnout 1 makeshift 1 follows 1 design 1 worried 1 american 1 slit 1 olives 1 wingtip 1 planted 1 occurred 1 muttered 1 parents 1 caroming 1 term 1 ash 1 university 1 what 's 1 quarantined 1 trickling 1 fueled 1 phosphorescent 1 flightless 1 chords 1 entered 1 immunized 1 discovered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 teams 1 hung 1 soft 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 kilroy 1 blared 1 washington 1 have n't 1 earnest 1 inscrutable 1 worse 1 lone 1 suckers 1 genocide 1 doctors 1 critics 1 so - called 1 muzzle 1 arizona 1 row 1 beheld 1 rippling 1 prances 1 sheaves 1 none 1 pool 1 napkins 1 is n't 1 scales 1 erratic 1 trolling 1 insurance 1 all - star 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 marker 1 early 1 fig 1 murder 1 trade 1 hurry 1 form 1 telescopically 1 morris 1 vanished 1 ribs 1 ca nt 1 continental 1 automatic 1 impatiently 1 overwhelming 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 walls 1 floe 1 hurried 1 consensus 1 tigers 1 ah 1 steeples 1 veins 1 impulse 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 dali 's 1 weekday 1 faults 1 peyote 1 universal 1 waited 1 recitation 1 best 1 paradigms 1 korean 1 aloud 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 psychotic 1 tattoos 1 biblically 1 animals 1 cortex 1 also 1 bled 1 asphalt 1 folded 1 quest 1 aboard 1 shacking 1 satchels 1 thunderheads 1 hunkered 1 albeit 1 coach 1 seahawks 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 assume 1 galleries 1 strung 1 paw 1 parameters 1 receive 1 slammed 1 starters 1 baseball 1 cut 1 papers 1 welles 1 precisely 1 easy 1 coming 1 tortoise 1 broom 1 join 1 ruined 1 authentic 1 plains 1 packed 1 likes 1 rolling 1 camera 1 safer 1 arches 1 page 1 sam 1 socket 1 estimation 1 shape 1 compulsion 1 example 1 amsterdam 1 mrs 1 north 1 violins 1 computer 1 staccato 1 convulsive 1 coagulated 1 rorschach - eats - escher 1 christ 1 high - strung 1 abyss 1 shortly 1 physicist 1 you 'll 1 spark 1 u 1 chinese 1 bulls 1 breached 1 avarice 1 imperative 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 quavered 1 globe 1 showed 1 filled 1 string 1 rustled 1 upstream 1 attraction 1 grunted 1 seabeds 1 suddenly 1 bottle 1 pakistan 1 poets 1 production 1 boiled 1 michelangelo 1 outskirts 1 flower 1 anguish 1 frown 1 throat 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 week 1 despite 1 curtain 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 israel 1 korea 1 shiny 1 alien 1 stingers 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 grabbed 1 submarine 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 ice 1 columns 1 pointed 1 chin 1 message 1 belly 1 encyclopedic 1 spent 1 magic 1 softly 1 chickens 1 taste 1 returned 1 carrier 1 portuguese 1 perhaps 1 greasy 1 gabe 1 loop - de - loops 1 self - limiting 1 trying 1 gives 1 above 1 help 1 consciousness 1 noise 1 cruel 1 wobbly 1 facts 1 obviously 1 rags 1 authoritarian 1 seal 1 studied 1 figures 1 cracked 1 lights 1 nonexistent 1 curses 1 bit 1 grasp 1 birds 1 urban 1 knew 1 swig 1 trigger 1 sure - enough 1 flounder 1 laundry 1 snakes 1 nature 1 mayfly 1 eye 1 market 1 fight 1 colossal 1 sculptors 1 blue - haired 1 mitts 1 swam 1 vomited 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 certain 1 elicits 1 barrel 1 amount 1 china 1 police 1 swooned 1 told 1 celebrity 1 blowing 1 prophecies 1 famous 1 promised 1 intervals 1 gondwanaland 1 trickled 1 indoor - outdoor 1 fine 1 heads 1 pol 1 caverns 1 chick 1 entr'acte 1 hide 1 smiling 1 w 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 thieves 1 watch 1 properly 1 presses 1 paragraphs 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 glyphs 1 empire 1 hip 1 known 1 atop 1 shotgunned 1 disaffected 1 reformed 1 unyoked 1 positively 1 squalid 1 teepee 1 ho - hum 1 curled 1 bullied 1 grief 1 palpitations 1 rituals 1 laurasia 1 salad 1 digital 1 stunned 1 house 1 sports 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 amounted 1 earth 1 outside 1 center 1 glitzy 1 knowing 1 pundits 1 print 1 breadth 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 lighted 1 calculus 1 glimpsed 1 substance 1 although 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 girl 1 wondered 1 lance 1 prestidigitation 1 heavies 1 humanity 1 agreed - upon 1 quickest 1 speaking 1 red 1 practically 1 unlaced 1 infrequent 1 might ' ve 1 apologetically 1 zen 1 ants 1 unless 1 ablaze 1 timid 1 kick 1 orchestra 1 mostly 1 slogans 1 hours 1 canvas 1 crevices 1 jacks 1 wavering 1 supercollider 1 anyway 1 proliferated 1 frozen 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 speak 1 darkness 1 cymbal 1 sad 1 gorillas 1 warned 1 tick 1 adam 's 1 painted 1 ticket 1 recesses 1 stoics 1 kudzu 1 informal 1 suits 1 typeset 1 self - styled 1 portfolio 1 high - rise 1 details 1 trademark 1 childhood 1 height 1 trundling 1 bullring 1 cappella 1 klaxon 1 bathroom 1 fleshly 1 swelling 1 memorial 1 climbed 1 russia 1 staggering 1 caught 1 grass 1 domesticated 1 oh 1 specialized 1 language 1 bag 1 carrying 1 recording 1 emotional 1 media 1 radiation 1 pick 1 nerves 1 cackled 1 somber 1 blue 1 drive 1 oscillator 1 mail 1 saved 1 somewhere 1 polyester 1 date 1 wheel - well 1 rubber 1 buy 1 wield 1 sometime 1 whips 1 mirror 1 orbit 1 outrage 1 widening 1 interrogative 1 static 1 lasted 1 coliseum 1 stand 1 fist 1 undulating 1 calling 1 brand 1 care 1 subterranean 1 heat 1 brass 1 squirming 1 map 1 reverberations 1 fujimoto 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 metropolis 1 case 1 eerie 1 predator 1 bucket 1 haze 1 bred 1 surface 1 slip 1 painters 1 sweeny 's 1 defined 1 fearless 1 complexity 1 smelling 1 brandished 1 unoccupied 1 pithy 1 animal 1 changing 1 circles 1 shins 1 cheap 1 purple 1 lowercase 1 despised 1 crawled 1 frenchman 1 clash 1 licked 1 wound 1 truly 1 grin 1 allen 1 citizens 1 seat 1 happened 1 engendered 1 lutheran 1 remnants 1 random 1 smart 1 answer 1 starbucks 1 half - expected 1 napoleon 1 butts 1 buck 's 1 sumo 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 blokes 1 surge 1 opened 1 shtick 1 added 1 rocket 1 grab 1 murky 1 hottie 1 hammering 1 couple 1 large 1 sense 1 dwarf 1 brothers 1 mystics 1 lawyers 1 hands 1 sidewalk 1 physically 1 gathered 1 helm 1 are 1 memories 1 rabbit 1 become 1 my 1 central 1 silverware 1 letter 1 smeared 1 murmuring 1 karma 1 ha - ha 1 muzak 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 plate 1 krakatoa 1 rosary 1 cousin 1 prufrock 1 sandwich 1 thinking 1 camelot 1 microwaved 1 guards 1 cockroaches 1 serenade 1 splinter 1 overpasses 1 enraged 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 crosswalk 1 hearts 1 heaven 1 tagged 1 calendars 1 work 1 psychiatric 1 downtown 1 maneuvers 1 cruisers 1 tongs 1 epoch 1 service 1 emerged 1 forever 1 plummeted 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 jimmy 1 horror 1 revollution 1 feeling 1 nubile 1 outta 1 peeled 1 nanotech 1 dumb 1 multitudinous 1 circuit 1 spectrums 1 nomenclature 1 remotely 1 pencil 1 sleepy 1 sleeve 1 amalgamation 1 transplants 1 countries 1 trumpet 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 finished 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 panic 1 customer 1 accompanied 1 flexed 1 bird 1 double 1 squeeze 1 xenophobe 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 restraint 1 spoons 1 year 1 sprawled 1 among 1 muscles 1 talon 1 soap 1 hitler 1 fawn - eyed 1 crawling 1 steerage 1 hash - house 1 proportion 1 breakfast 1 wealth 1 hovered 1 wind 1 cover 1 preference 1 knocked 1 seagulls 1 skin 1 milliseconds 1 combed 1 rain 1 preoccupation 1 interred 1 mash - allah 1 theories 1 captured 1 teacher 1 very 1 nonetheless 1 blinking 1 warrant 1 tight 1 were n't 1 became 1 dry 1 stairs 1 ledges 1 dilated 1 numbers 1 percent 1 exactly 1 smashed 1 traffic 1 stars 1 crackpot 1 dragnets 1 stuffed 1 preferably 1 curtains 1 torched 1 coverage 1 artificial 1 bear 1 drift 1 algorithm 1 ring 1 sailor 's 1 pudding 1 billion 1 sat 1 zookeeper 1 vitus 1 roadmap 1 hunk 1 tower 1 lunatic 1 cars 1 deep 1 meticulously 1 cop 1 regularity 1 bouncing 1 domes 1 quality 1 encrypted 1 food 1 often 1 raw 1 vision 1 thus 1 panicky 1 conjecture 1 warps 1 flowed 1 hundred - thousand 1 meteorites 1 antenna - twitch 1 felt 1 resonated 1 revolving 1 named 1 branches 1 smirking 1 query 1 prison 1 isosceles 1 bags 1 evolution 1 incorrectly 1 allow 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 propriety 1 dim 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 nude 1 volcanic 1 proximate 1 overrun 1 fiend 1 eaten 1 clay 1 coke 1 alarm 1 boss 1 hike 1 delicious 1 copasetic 1 dryers 1 chain 1 obsessing 1 territory 1 fumbling 1 put 1 slid 1 trash 1 catching 1 filtered 1 prehistoric 1 visited 1 chaos 1 nothing 's 1 coalition 1 motorcycle 1 beer 1 drones 1 plaza 1 exhibited 1 theoretically 1 problems 1 turbans 1 commercially 1 hysteria 1 must 1 whorls 1 needle 1 looters 1 faces 1 beans 1 pocket 1 herbal 1 faded 1 bow 1 pulled 1 shoes 1 oppy 1 astride 1 anybody 's 1 gods 1 radar 1 crackling 1 dogs 1 bum 1 boards 1 watched 1 machines 1 chanted 1 suffered 1 within 1 led 1 tongue 1 covers 1 new - wave 1 cosmic 1 somewhat 1 stream 1 off - key 1 ready 1 jellyfish 1 dope 1 trip 1 track 1 she 's 1 pills 1 because 1 tiny 1 statue 1 bank 1 decade 1 tour 1 train 1 parka 1 deflated 1 monogrammed 1 mantra 1 sideways 1 treacherous 1 asked 1 blew 1 knees 1 done 1 gaping 1 spring 1 struggle 1 iran 1 studded 1 hammer 1 triple 1 candlewick 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 cake 1 sledgehammers 1 orson 1 oblong 1 shore 1 synapses 1 scores 1 spear 1 nightmare 1 buffalo - skin 1 nor 1 wadded 1 scared 1 decency 1 wander 1 prop 1 swallowed 1 woody 1 skeletons 1 coast 1 remote 1 chromatic 1 stark 1 drying 1 apprehend 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 promises 1 fruit 1 scratched 1 darkened 1 malignant 1 further 1 masochist 's 1 dictator 's 1 sign 1 daycare 1 change 1 are n't 1 laughed 1 friggin ' 1 thirty 1 called 1 spy 1 puppets 1 lurked 1 suv 1 looming 1 bibles 1 unnatural 1 stress 1 disenfranchised 1 extinction 1 ghetto 1 flaccid 1 foamed 1 cried 1 does n't 1 shaking 1 sinister 1 speculation 1 conviction 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 onward 1 mindless 1 slavered 1 sort 1 game 1 drank 1 mariners 1 counterclockwise 1 former 1 slang 1 c 1 fantasy 1 out - sprinting 1 training 1 devolved 1 fifty 1 while 1 herd 1 cradle 1 refrigerator 1 held 1 pierced 1 slobbered 1 fiddle 1 bullet 1 shutting 1 rappers 1 heroin 1 unshakable 1 school 1 popeye 1 hoops 1 conspired 1 fell 1 pause 1 stepped 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 paint 1 wore 1 pod 1 holocaust 1 granite 1 charities 1 habitations 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 present 1 starlet 1 heavy 1 decaying 1 night 1 wherever 1 bursting 1 intellectual 1 flare 1 would - be 1 waldo 1 common 1 cockroach 1 wept 1 supposed 1 tag 1 excommunicated 1 terrorized 1 sang 1 century 1 brahma 1 spelled 1 temples 1 quiet 1 boil 1 clock 1 list 1 glowering 1 ineffably 1 glance 1 leave 1 billboards 1 irritated 1 section 1 babies 1 tunnel 1 side 1 contours 1 ax 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 social 1 completely 1 homes 1 short 1 starboard 1 recliner 1 paid 1 seventy 1 atheists 1 cinematographer 1 snore 1 gleaming 1 traces 1 stephen 1 epiphany 1 rattling 1 us 1 gulag 1 stinking 1 shop 1 butter 1 years 1 bought 1 fur 1 foundation 1 tweaking 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 hugged 1 shambles 1 repair 1 mosaics 1 counter 1 soul 1 before 1 checked 1 handwriting 1 room 1 high 1 h 1 consumed 932 .
mars inwardly groaned , hating the thought of having to share her single serving of gourmet blend yet again , the careful process of grinding , boiling and pressing the java beans a morning ritual that she had happily shared with meister alone , who thankfully never demanded a cup .
nine little red beans .
the strongest of them went back to her sitting in a rocking chair , shawl draped across her shoulders and breaking green beans fresh from the garden .
a pot full of green beans sat next to it .
elsie scooped out large portions of beans and potato salad .
i stuck it in the plastic bag elsie had used for the bread , thinking i would use it as seasoning for soup or beans .
the rest amounted to a few spoonfuls of green beans and a sliver of the bread she had baked earlier .
one of the two remaining hams sat in the middle , framed by bowls of mashed potatoes , green beans , and corn .
somehow , the canned corn and beans ended up tasting like they d just come out of a garden .
josh devoured his food , laughing at the good - natured yet concerned expressions his mother shot him while he feasted on his roast beef , mashed potatoes , green beans , and salad .
we ' ve got the house blend of the finest south american beans .
with the greatest of ease , she grinded the beans , filled the baskets of the chamber and pressed the automatic brew button .
my daddy used to take a wagon down to the general store and come back with big blocks of butter and cheese along with sacks of beans , rice , potatoes , sugar , and flour .
they found a few cans of green beans and some spinach .
we have to ration , so tonight , we will have spam for meat and beans or spinach for veggies .
we had finished our breakfast of fried spam and green beans and occupied ourselves with lady tasks .
we had two cans of green beans , one can of spinach , four cans of pork - n - beans we got from our zombie couple , and in jones pack , i found two beers .
we had two cans of green beans , one can of spinach , four cans of pork - n - beans we got from our zombie couple , and in jones pack , i found two beers .
it should have just been us the guy we rescued had already polished off my can of beans .
i passed the first can of green beans with a plastic spoon to jones on my left .
ruthie finished and jones handed her the can of beans .
then i had beans , two kinds , and then i wait .
apart from the front lantern , half a dozen small fires were scattered in the camp before them , crackling with spring - moist wood and the early smells of roasting meat and beans .
reinhouer responded in the affirmative , and was pleasantly surprised to learn that young henry was an able cook , him having prepared a hearty meal of beans and ham .
devalier , as he finished the last of his baked beans , turned his attention to reinhouers research , and began to inquire as to how he had set upon that path .
no darling , it is like some baby decided to vomit lima beans all over you .
karla asked , spooning the last of the baked beans out of her bowl .
they moved quickly into the warm house , where fatima had cooked a large pot of rice and beans over a wood - burning stove .
he shoveled a combination of rice and beans into his mouth .
on the flip side , there was nothing more frustrating than losing a dog , which was the reason alvin was trampling around on drover mountain instead of sitting down to a bowl of beans or a corned beef sandwich .
mccoy nearly choked on a bean sprout .
someplace with deep - fried green beans and cowboy hats . ''
a scatter of chocolate coffee beans across a generic white caf saucer , both dark and milk chocolate .
dry , roasted beans filled up the cup around the wax , fragrant in the warmth of the flame .
at 6.00 a.m. the crewmembers were rounded up and escorted into the dining hall - nicknamed the last supper - room - and were dispensed with the luxury astronaut breakfast of grilled lobster tails and baked potato with butter and sour cream , or if they preferred , they could opt for the standard mix of sausage , bacon , eggs and beans .
` ` you ' ve been so good that i left you some barbeque beans .
jams and jellies , squash , green beans , pickled okra , tomatoes , salsa , apple sauce , you name it ; it was there .
eat a few of mrs . wiggins beans from a jar , sit in his chair to stare at the blank tv .
the dinner i had planned that tragic night was trout almandine with green beans and rice .
suddenly ravenous , i went to the kitchen and pulled out a can of beans .
three weeks and two days into finding out i was pregnant , i was down to the last two cans of food , both beans .
then the last two cans of beans went into the bag along with a can opener .
with great care and slow movements , i took my bag from my back and took out one of my precious cans of beans .
i thought maybe bob would be waiting for another can of beans at the least .
i took three bags , my can opener and a can of beans .
how about cold chicken noodle soup with crackers , baked beans , and spam ?
jackie dished out cold chicken noodle soup , baked beans , and spam , just like she promised , on paper plates .
i could have eaten a whole other can of baked beans , and i did nt even like them .
gram had outdone herself : braised beef roast , glazed carrots , string beans , garlic mashed potatoes made from scratch , and fresh baked rolls .
mike stretched out on his bed roll and stared up at the star filled sky while buster stirred away at a pan of beans .
buster looked up from his beans .
buster scooped up a plateful of beans and handed it to mike then loaded his own plate .
this time he desired something other than fish , so he prepared himself a bowl of baked beans and buttered toast to go with it .
michelle and i sat on the couch and each had a plate of mixed beans for dinner , while the husky ( which i dubbed fluffy because of his fur ) ate his own plate of beans in front of the fireplace .
michelle and i sat on the couch and each had a plate of mixed beans for dinner , while the husky ( which i dubbed fluffy because of his fur ) ate his own plate of beans in front of the fireplace .
michelle nodded and ate another spoonful of beans .
i hated mixed beans .
i took one last spoonful of the awful mixed beans and decided enough was enough .
i placed the plate on the floor and fluffy ate the rest of the beans .
michelle ate the last of her beans and placed her plate on the table which stood next to the couch .
after getting marias stuff all settled in bres room we made a big dinner ; chicken tacos , rice and beans .
maria asked the cook to make green chicken enchiladas , rice and beans for dinner and he happily obliged .
cora latham had filled their plates with pork chops , brown beans , corn bread , green beans and sliced , fried potatoes .
cora latham had filled their plates with pork chops , brown beans , corn bread , green beans and sliced , fried potatoes .
amy opened a can of beans and took some hotdogs out of her refrigerator .
but it had been worth the effort , or it would be in a few more weeks when the vegetables , peas , green beans , carrots , a few watermelon , and tomatoes , started to ripen .
then she wondered if beer or gunpowder were harry potter jelly bean flavors .
lorie was nt sure , but she kind of wanted some jelly beans now .
i shoved the turkey , green beans , and sweet potatoes in my mouth thoughtlessly .
marjorie asked as she sniffed her sambuca and swirled the coffee beans around the bottom of the glass .
you ' ve got to have jelly beans .
i 'd bet a million jelly beans on it .
alice , who claimed to have been a girl scout , proved her skills by making a neat little fire and then heating three cans of what she called ` ` hobo beans . ''
i told myself it could n't be what it looked like , that it was probably iron fence - palings , or something , but ... '' tom sighed , looked at the rest of his beans , then put them aside .
ray , hunkered over his cooker and stirring the beans next to the sausages , raised his free hand and gave it a flip .
' i ' m sorry about passing gas that way - i never did anything like that before , not even in the army when it seemed like we ate beans every day - but i feel better . '
even the smells are getting to him : musterole and beans and floor - oil and coffee and brine from the pickle - barrel .
he looks past the heat - shimmering stove , down the aisle where beaver 's hungover father is now making a listless examination of the canned beans , past mrs gosselin at the old scrolled cash register , and out the front window .
i had been angry , although at mrs . fevereau rather than at poor gandalf , and i had no idea what toothy frogs had to do with the price of beans in boston .
the swordfish i ordered was delicious , the green beans snapped between my teeth , and the cr me br l e was almost too rich to finish ( but too rich to leave ) .
on the nbc affiliate which served southern and western maine , they were replaced first by a local chat - show ( a large , motherly woman in a gingham apron showed how easy it was to slow - cook beans in your crock - pot ) , then by a game - show where celebrities cracked jokes and contestants uttered loud , orgasmic screams when they won cars and boats and bright red dirt devil vacuum cleaners .
now her parents ' divorce seemed like very small beans .
starting in july , there was picking as well as hoeing - peas and radishes first , then the lettuce and the tomatoes that had been started in the shed - boxes , then the corn and beans in august , more corn and beans in september , then the pumpkins and the squash .
they began with pu - pu platters , and richie made a childish but amusing business of broiling a little bit of everything over the flaming pot in the center of the platter he was sharing with beverly - including half an egg roll and a few red kidney beans .
` ` what in the world does that have to do with the price of beans in peru ?
moose had eaten three plates of baked beans the night before , and the fart was almost as loud as a shotgun blast .
there was no mistaking that sound ; beverly had heard it enough in her own house , usually on saturday night , after the beans and franks .
henry knew what resulted from consuming large amounts of baked beans .
this result was perhaps best expressed in a little ditty he had learned at his father 's knee when he was still in short pants : beans , beans , the musical fruit !
this result was perhaps best expressed in a little ditty he had learned at his father 's knee when he was still in short pants : beans , beans , the musical fruit !
rena 's beans were her pride .
when she turned up sunday evenings in her old green de soto ( a naked rubber babydoll hung from the rearview mirror , looking like the world 's youngest lynch - mob victim ) , she usually had the bowerses '' beans steaming on the seat beside her in a twelve - gallon galvanized - steel pail .
the three of them would eat the beans that night ( rena raving about her own cooking all the while , crazy butch bowers grunting and mopping up bean juice with a piece of sonny boy bread or simply telling her to shut up if there was a ballgame on the radio , henry just eating , staring out the window , thinking his own thoughts it was over a plate of sunday - night beans that he had conceived the idea of poisoning mike hanlon 's dog mr chips ) , and butch would reheat a mess of them the next night .
the three of them would eat the beans that night ( rena raving about her own cooking all the while , crazy butch bowers grunting and mopping up bean juice with a piece of sonny boy bread or simply telling her to shut up if there was a ballgame on the radio , henry just eating , staring out the window , thinking his own thoughts it was over a plate of sunday - night beans that he had conceived the idea of poisoning mike hanlon 's dog mr chips ) , and butch would reheat a mess of them the next night .
that morning henry had put up an enormous quantity of leftover beans , and the four of them had eaten the whole lot at noon , sitting out on the playground in the shade of a big old elm .
alfie naugler , who had a farm out on the naugler road in derry ( it is gone now ; where alfie naugler once grew his peas and beans and beets , the interstate extension now runs its 8.8 mile , six - lane course ) , begged to disagree .
i went down there one day to get a jar of waxed beans for our supper .
i got the beans and was about to go back when i heard a rustling movement under one of the old boxes .
i pulled the can opener from a drawer and began spooning out the beans into everyone 's bowls , noting the absence of our usual cheerful dinnertime discussion - or any discussion at all .
in all small towns , scandal is always simmering on the back burner , like your aunt cindy 's baked beans .
to this he added some dry goods - flour , sugar , beans - and several loaves of ready - made bread .
it was thursday night , and the meal was traditional - beans and franks .
bill norton grilled the franks on the outdoor grill , and ann had had her kidney beans simmering in molasses since nine that morning .
in eva 's the men are getting together whatever they have to get together : tv dinners , canned corned beef , canned beans which are woefully unlike the beans their mothers used to bake all saturday morning and afternoon years ago , spaghetti dinners , or reheated hamburgers picked up at the falmouth mcdonald 's on the way home from work .
in eva 's the men are getting together whatever they have to get together : tv dinners , canned corned beef , canned beans which are woefully unlike the beans their mothers used to bake all saturday morning and afternoon years ago , spaghetti dinners , or reheated hamburgers picked up at the falmouth mcdonald 's on the way home from work .
... after i ate a can of warmed beans , i felt better .
it was n't hard to get the can of beans , but it was difficult to heat them .
the problem was that , while the warm beans slipped down my throat easily and warmed me up , filling my stomach with a soothing heat , it never lasted .
` ` i heat up a can of beans or soup or whatever i can find while i ' m out and about -- '' oh , yes , out and about .
when he came back to real things , he was lying on the floor with beans and mashed potatoes in his lap and his mommy was holding him and crying and daddy had been on the phone .
smallest , she thought dismally , looking at it there were twelve burners , two regular ovens and a dutch oven , a heated well on top in which you could simmer sauces or bake beans , a broiler , and a warmer - plus a million dials and temperature gauges .
after the walk behind the overlook , he and mommy had come back and she had fixed him his favorite lunch , a cheese and bologna sandwich plus campbell 's bean soup .
after he had finished checking over the salads his understudy had made and peeked in on the home - baked beans they were using as appetizers this week , hallorann untied his apron , hung it on a hook , and slipped out the back door .
old beans , old corn , a leftover dab of chili ... nothing a man liked to eat .
later that night , after the lights had come on automatically , lloyd had eaten some of the beans he had saved from two days ago .
he was pausing over some canned chili beans when he saw a shadow flit by on the aisle facing him .
we ai n't gon na eat no pork and beans .
another little push or two and you can almost - or perhaps even actually - see the slug trembling on the table , seeming to jitter and vibrate slightly , like one of those mexican jumping beans you can buy in novelty shops , the ones which look like knuckle - sized knots of wood but which actually have a live worm inside .
lily only toyed with hers , ate a few green beans , and then pushed things around on her plate .
the maddening smells of baked beans and hotdogs drifted across , and jack could see wolf 's nostrils flaring rhythmically .
big glass bowls full of home - baked beans were passed up and down the four tables , steaming platters of cheap red hotdogs , tureens of canned pineapple chunks , lots of milk in plain cartons marked donated commodities and indiana state dairy commission .
as jack watched , he gobbled five hotdogs and three helpings of the bullet - hard beans .
he watched dismally as wolf slopped a fourth helping of beans onto his plate .
jesus ate a can of beans ! '
at the image of jesus chewing down on a can of b and m beans , alan had to cover the telephone for another brief moment .
his mom had fixed him home - baked beans and apple pie for dessert and had clucked over how thin he was getting .
herb was watching denny eat string beans , seriously , one by one , using all six of his teeth on them .
in my picture , the parking lot was empty except for a line of campbell 's beans and franks cans , each one larger than the last as they marched toward the viewer 's eye .
a tin can , she thought c bandm beans or campbell 's soup .
then she fixed herself a huge supper of canned baked beans and knockwurst .
' it 'll slow him down , at least , ' bryant brown said the next evening over a dinner of baked beans and hot dogs .
he had done it while that idiotic volunteer fire chief , allison , stood grinning as if it had been a bean supper instead of an explosion that had killed a fine woman .
now the bandm beans on special which had been pyramided in the market 's front window began to fly around hank as they were sucked through the doorway in reality he had somehow opened .
got ta shut the sucker up , hank thought , and as if to confirm this judgement , a can of beans slammed into the back of his head , bounced high in the air , then zoomed into that purple - black bruise .
she made him a giant meal c steak , salad , a baked potato almost as big as a torpedo , fresh green beans , blueberries in cream for dessert .
sitting home , feeding tab his franks and beans and his toasted cheese sandwiches and campbell 's soup for lunch , getting my slice of life from lisa on as the world turns and from mike on the young and the restless .
at a long trestle table there were at least four dozen people , passing platters of corn on the cob and dishes of home - baked beans - pea beans , soldier beans , red kidney beans .
at a long trestle table there were at least four dozen people , passing platters of corn on the cob and dishes of home - baked beans - pea beans , soldier beans , red kidney beans .
at a long trestle table there were at least four dozen people , passing platters of corn on the cob and dishes of home - baked beans - pea beans , soldier beans , red kidney beans .
at a long trestle table there were at least four dozen people , passing platters of corn on the cob and dishes of home - baked beans - pea beans , soldier beans , red kidney beans .
her dad almost always got tanked for these occasions , and usually ate a large plate of cold beans left over from saturday - night supper .
quickly , he stuffed a couple of sealed green beans and mushy peaches into the pack .
they are drinking something from metal tumblers and eating meat and beans from tin plates .
horace scoops some beans onto his plate from a pot they have steaming at the edge of the fire , then he cuts some meat off the spit and passes the plate to temple .
maybe so , but it 's one thing to feel like there 's a few rotten things knocking around inside you like some beans in a can .
i ai n't a brigand , he says and scoops a spoonful of beans into his mouth , nor any other kind of threat to you .
food is served - a stew of vegetables and beans , brick - ovenbaked bread , water sweetened with cactus nectar .
all i ' ve been eating is beans and garden fruit for weeks .
it was all right some years ago , if you liked rustic vacations , and maybe the worst that would happen to you down there would be some soured refried beans .
then helen stooped and pinched a dried mesquite bean between two fingers .
the well of a mesquite tree nearby had been raked , but under a bush the yardman had left mesquite beans in a pile .
it was fun filling the old pots with beans .
stephanie lifted one pot of the wet beans and placed it on her head .
but now stephanie wanted to stir the mesquite beans , and she remembered that the old garage had an amazing collection of tools in it .
just when stephanie was getting really tired of waiting for granny to disappear , and granny was getting closer to the pots with the beans and flowers in them , a dinger went off in the kitchen and hilda left the yard .
the fact that stephanie picked up two of those valuable pots and took them outside to play camp with after hilda left and the fact that they were sitting precariously on a pile of sticks on the lawn and were full of dirty water and mesquite beans was unknown to granny hilda .
sometime later that afternoon , helen decided , the valuable pots crammed with wet leaves and beans would have to be washed and set back carefully on their shelf .
she looked at her plate of half - eaten steak and potatoes and beans .
i opened another one , and it was pork and beans .
no doubt they contain more pork and beans .
so now i m standing in my office , wearing a fur coat i found in a hole in the basement , having swapped one of my shoes for a tin of pork and beans - also discovered in said hole - on the instruction of a schizophrenic clone of me who just appeared from nowhere .
the same etching i made on my cans to tell me whether or not they hold my favourite dinner : pork and beans .
still , a little high - pitched tweep is bugging my noise - flappers as i wait for yopata to heat my pork and beans with whatever fancy beamers or blasters its got to use in this place .
a hot plate of pork and beans is coming my way .
what the heck , i figure , i can put up with just about any kind of bugging so long as i get to enjoy a hot plate of pork and beans .
i ai nt out for long , but i come to just in time to watch him finish off the last remaining scraps of my plate of pork and beans .
i got grabbed on board , as did my can of pork and beans , a shoe and a sandwich .
i ' m still wearing the fur coat and one shoe and i m still holding a tin of pork and beans , but everything else has changed .
i see lights , i see shadows , i see , growing clearer , my can of pork and beans , only with a little note wrapped around it .
if i can just get the center to point at the can of pork and beans , happen i can enjoy my favourite meal over again , and in full this time .
do not touch these beans .
i look up a little from the note , and i see something else new : a pair of shoes , just like the shoe i got shot out at me before , along with those beans .
happen you 'll hand over that there can of pork and beans .
so no , happen i wo n't hand over my tin of pork and beans .
i do n't care what history you have with this tin of beans .
forget about cans of beans and stretch your noggin into grasping that i am commander of the sputnik .
seems a little crazy to me , seeing as how that stuff ai n't half the taste of that can of pork and beans he 's clutching like a little girl holds a dolly .
the only things he seems to hold in any kind of regard are that damned commodore box , and that can of pork and beans .
why do n't we all sit down and eat canned pork and beans to celebrate .
happen al 's gon na get some wind back in his blower soon enough , and for all i can stop him he 'll be running clear to bust my skull in with that can of beans .
happen if he 'd dropped the can of pork and beans i might have grabbed that too , on account of me feeling the need of something to get my strength back .
happen that can of beans is destined for something better .
and still i clutch the tin of beans .
my arms and legs are clasped tight in a sitting position by the ridiculous robot , and still i clutch the beans .
the frustrated and cynical scottish programmer disappears , along with the tin of beans he 's clutching , off to find his shoe , which remains here .
i pick up the tin of beans , shrug my shoulders , and think out loud : ` ` what the hell . ''
i beat the data management manager to death with the tin of beans , and the frustrated and cynical scottish programmer , having ceased to exist , has never felt more alive .
cut snap beans , a - three brand .
i spotted the meatloaf first off , then in no particular order : the mashed potatoes , home - grown green beans , brown gravy , fresh garden salad , hot rolls in a covered basket , and what looked to be some kind of cream pie sitting way down at the end of the table intentionally placed out of reach of those who could not resist the temptation to sneak a slice onto the side of a plate not totally covered with gravy .
as he left she added , ` ` and could you nip to the basement store and pick up some ground beans on the way back . ''
maybe we should go to taco bell so i can get a bean burrito or something .
apparently , choffy was ground cacao beans , more commonly know as cocoa beans .
apparently , choffy was ground cacao beans , more commonly know as cocoa beans .
i remembered seeing something about tribes in the amazon brewing cocoa beans and that the drink gave you energy , was full of minerals and vitamins , as well as antioxidants .
its ground cocoa beans .
i mean , how s that served , like whole on a plate with a serving of beans or something ?
for a can of black beans , hell hand you pinto and tell you they taste the same .
so at the buffet , she loads up on rice and beans .
her meal ended up being seven dollars , all for beans and rice , man !
how could i marry a woman who has no problem paying seven and change for a plate of beans and rice ?
two toasted buns , a chicken patty with our special sauce , tomato and lettuce , and a delicious drink such as our singapore candy cane shake and a mouthwatering side like our mexican jumped beans or chinese great wall of fries all this for only $ 3.99 .
bubba was puttering around in the garden trying to find enough string beans to have for lunch .
it was hard to find beans among all the weeds and vines , but it did nt require a great deal of physical effort .
she said things like , i was in the supermarket the other day and the tins of beans looked so scared , like they were afraid i d buy them .
from there it was transported by a succession of insects , each devouring the next , the reality diluted the farther up the food chain it travelled ; till at the very top , along with beans and carrots , or perhaps a side salad , it found its way into people .
vern walks home , pausing briefly in order to purchase a tin of beans and a loaf of white bread .
lucy came in , bringing the bread and beans , a cigarette stuck to the red lipstick at one corner of her mouth .
get out of my way , and bring some food back with you - no beans or spaghetti .
these are beans .
sparky grabbed a handful of fresh coffee beans from the open tin between them .
sparky chewed more beans .
no person eats coffee beans .
sparky pulled back his plate of coffee beans to shield it from the shrapnel .
sparky tossed a hoof full of beans into his mouth .
i stopped into the ironically named caf whole latta beans and ordered a large coffee and a massive blueberry scone .
sadly yadira opened the foil of the burrito and poked the warm , wrapped beans .
a frustrated yadira raked the mud madly and bombarded the impassive cat , peppering it with flying mud gobs and dry grass tuffs and mesquite beans , all of which in her haste went wide of the mark .
lot of people do nt know them beans cook up soft and sweet .
a toothless man in a guatemalan hat toasted them with an empty beer can left beside a pot of boiling mesquite beans .
they recognized him as the man stirring beer into the beans at the fire .
he s a little bit gordo from the tortillas and beans , but you re gorditayoull have beautiful babies .
yeah , i went on , i was sort of hoping for some hot dogs and beans or something .
an old oscillating fan in the corner swished the scent of my aunts mexican rice and beans around the air .
i cried , reaching for the bean ladle .
you have beautiful hair , estela , he murmured leaning over my shoulder to look into the large pot of tias beans .
i looked down at the single vegetable taco ( no cheese ) , about a teaspoon of rice , and three beans .
literally there were only three beans on the plate .
i wanted to smash those three beans under my fist .
one of my little cousins appeared at his side holding up a plate with a normal - person portion of tacos , beans , and rice .
i should nt feel bad , i said , watching her eat tias beans .
tias beans were ticking time bombs ; my stomach had never been able to tolerate them for long .
my stomach had a new ache that was completely unrelated to tias ranchero beans .
i lifted my hand to touch my face and stopped just short when i saw that it was coated in refried beans .
i was still covered in food and had refried beans all over my hand .
adams going to stick around for hey , bean hands .
i stayed there for two minutes and then pushed open the door , gritting my teeth as adam yelled : bean hands !
i had moved on to coffee beans when i saw the green pants of the krispy kreme delivery guy as he came through the back door .
sometimes one value was uppermost , trailing an equals sign in its wake ; sometimes another , one equally valid , the answer at that moment eating a tin of beans or sleeping childlike in an enlarged refrigerator icebox .
she , my dad , janet and i were gathered around the picnic table , which was heaped with plates of hot dogs , baked beans and potato salad .
i silently questioned my mothers choice of serving beans , especially since i had to share a bunk with janet , the queen of gaseousness .
he held the ketchup bottle upside down over his beans and pounded the bottom of it with the heel of his hand .
i silently cursed myself for eating those darned beans .
i cut a lot of lawns and picked a lot of green beans to save up enough money for these .
mowing lawns , picking beans at ramseys farm , hanging around with these city girls here .
it says baked beans on the side of buses , do nt mean they sell them .
spiritwind clarified , tipping a bag of jelly beans down his throat as a full stop .
spiritwind precariously , yet expertly , slid another fork full of beans into his mouth .
two sausages , two bacon rashers , a fried egg , hash browns , baked beans , tomatoes , mushrooms , toast and tea , all for 4 .
yo - yo piles beans on hash - browns and crams them into his mouth with a yum .
he was the owner of smirk 's ladled soup and beans , where customers would wait for hours just for a sniff of his bubbling broth .
ladled soup and beans was shuttered and closed within the month .
three nachos bell grandes , eight chalupas , twelve bean burritos and a small diet pepsi , heavy ice .
by the time he had polished off his plate of rice and beans that evening in his hovel on his little strip of beach off 3rd street , he had formulated a plan , perfectly logical to his fuzzy septuagenarian thinking .
do nt you think three quarters of a tonne of maize and beans is a little on the excessive side considering the number of schools in the area ?
in the shade of another tree , half exposed under blue canvas by the edge of the clearing across from him , he noticed sacks of food maize and beans , by the look of it .
if lucky , some extra beans .
indeed , jack 's sunrise blend of beans and rice hit the spot .
katrina sat on a can of beans , enjoying how the belt moved like an amusement park ride .
since mum left i had noticed that there had been a steady rise in his reliance on bourbon biscuits and baked beans .
henna put the scraps to soak in a bowl with some beans for a moment as she finished up her chores .
hot beans manna .
he scratched out another ode in his black notebook ... ode to coffee machine ( cup i ) grind my beans and ooze my blend , and in your grits my fate portend , my time is without end .
dc to amsterdam : rubbery chicken , even rubberyier green beans .
it was nt good art , but rather a macaroni and dried bean montage of our savior ralphs sacrifice .
in some , it just produced a craving for macaroni and bean soup .
while the water heated , i boiled a can of cannellini beans , blanched a bunch of broccoli , cooked some cauliflower and nuked a pack of frozen chopped spinach .
when the pasta was al dente , i strained it and tossed it in a huge bowl along with pesto sauce , the beans and the vegetables .
upon hanging up , selena took a huge bite of the bean and cheese burrito she had made for herself .
as they started discussing ideas and jotting them down , xavier devoured the finger sandwiches that selena said were made mexican style with turkey ham , asadero cheese , pinto beans and hot salsa .
i rushed through the process of boiling water and scooping the already ground beans into the french press .
he broke into a melodious bass vocal whose considerable oscillations appeared to be causing a small pan of baked beans to vibrate on the gas stove .
the roll of honour before him included enough sustenance for the village cricket team , and possibly one or two members of the second eleven , but arnolds juices were undoubtedly coming to life as he ran his disbelieving eyes over a small mountain of bacon , a battalion of sausages , fried tomatoes , a sliced truncheon of black pudding , chestnut mushrooms , devilled kidneys , fried bread and a steaming bowl of baked beans which had mercifully survived wheatsheafs singing .
david brent is nt real he muttered to himself , inhaling the expensive coffee beans whilst merely tasting disgust and disappointment in this awful truth .
dave took great joy in finessing his coffee from the machine , and the routine of grinding the fresh beans , through to watching the chocolaty dark liquid ooze down into his espresso shot glass to waiting for the last dark drop to leave the machine making its journey towards the glass , with elegance that demanded his utmost concentration .
pity , i was looking forward to sampling some of your baked beans in tomato jus , garnished with slivers of cheddar cheese .
my sense of taste is irrevocably changed ; everything tastes like crushed white beans with an overlay of garlic , summer savory and olive oileven my breakfast !
toothless stanleys black bean and salsa soup 1 onion , minced 1 - 1/2 cups salsa 2 teaspoons garlic salt 4 cubes beef bouillon 2 15 - ounce cans of black beans , not drained 2 14.5 - ounce cans of diced tomatoes 3 stalks celery 2 tablespoons minced garlic 8 ounces of sliced swiss cheese , divided 1 .
toothless stanleys black bean and salsa soup 1 onion , minced 1 - 1/2 cups salsa 2 teaspoons garlic salt 4 cubes beef bouillon 2 15 - ounce cans of black beans , not drained 2 14.5 - ounce cans of diced tomatoes 3 stalks celery 2 tablespoons minced garlic 8 ounces of sliced swiss cheese , divided 1 .
i opened the bag he d left on the counter and in it found a can of generic pork n beans .
pork n beans ?
that afternoon with the meal on the table and the pork n beans nestled on the shelves of my cabinets , jessie said grace .
after he took a particularly large mouthful of the roasted garlic mashed potatoes , i pictured the can of pork n beans in shallow lucys hand .
the fantasies began again that year but with less impact than last year because in my mind no matter how hard i threw that bag of lettuce the outcome was never as dramatic as it had been when the can of beans cracked him in the head at christmas .
i went into my cabinets and produced the can of pork n beans and asked if that would help .
no longer will i need to fantasize about justice being served to walter through a precisely pitched can of pork n beans .
her mom looked at me suspiciously but i sniffed the air and gave the same look to a guy picking up a can of beans .
leannie showed up with the dipshit , a several - layer black bean dip served up with giant frito scoops .
leannies dipshit layer one 1 16 - ounce can refried black beans layer two 4 ounces sour cream 4 ounces cream cheese 1 1 - ounce package taco seasoning mix 1/3 cup chopped canned jalapenos blend the above together .
layer four 4 roma tomatoes , diced 1 bunch green onions , finely chopped 2 cups shredded mexican - style cheese blend 1 ( 2.25 ounce ) can black olives - drained and finely chopped in a 9 '' x 13 '' baking dish spread the refried beans .
add taco seasoning , corn , kidney beans , diced tomatoes , tomato sauce , and jalapeno peppers .
i ve opened a tin of curried beans and sultanas , but i ca nt get any heat out of this bloody thing .
to add salt to the wounds , if not the beans , in the next pitch with its aircraft hangar - dimensioned tent , the holidaymakers are cooking steaks the size of paving slabs .
and so it is that i spend the first and only night of this ill - fated holiday asleep on the back seat of an old ford consul , with my dad virtually naked in the front , snoring like a foghorn , and farting like a man who has had a late night supper of sprouts , baked beans and prune delight .
by 9.00am , we have packed the ford ready for our journey home , though not before mum and stephen have shared a breakfast of bacon , egg , sausage , beans , black pudding , tomatoes , and fried bread with our hospitable neighbours .
it is the second week of this new routine , and i am experiencing the discomfort of severe indigestion after eating my dad 's baked bean pie speciality .
in hindsight , the baked bean pie was a dish that warranted a mention in egon ronay 's food guide .
he chewed the bread and bean mixture and gave some thoughtful attention to the long row of trees .
ya almost spilt the beans to the captn in there , mcdougal said when they sat down at a table to wait for peon to come out of hedges office .
a little later , still in camp , i opted for a couple of bananas over more daal bhaat , especially after learning that daal bhaat was really no more than a mix of rice and lentil beans juiced up with local spices .
he would wait for the june woman , or the other woman , the bean counter .
she has two mexi - melts and a nacho - supreme with no beans and a diet coke .
it was a shame it did nt always seem to grind the beans properly , and more often than not , i had to make instant from a huge tin of gold blend joe got from the cash and carry .
the cool evening breeze and its refreshing salty scent , mingled with the tantalizing aroma of freshly brewed beans , calmed connors spirit slightly .
` ` very good observation , now lets see if it amounts to a hill of beans . ''
other kids did toad in the hole or barbecue baked beans , i did dressed herring and got an a+ .
salad , coleslaw , green beans , and a dinner roll .
by the time mom gets to the table , the boy has cleaned his plate except for two lonely string beans .
eat your beans . ''
a scowl creeps onto his face and stayed while he jammed the beans into his mouth and then held his nose while washing them down with milk .
he 'd arise each morning at the break of dawn , the aroma of coffee filling the cabin , coffee he made from beans he ground himself .
everything was neatly stowed away -- all of his tins of mcbowel 's exploding haggis , his cans of mcbowel 's inflammable porridge , and the reinforced steel containers of mcbowel 's rocket brand beans .
i had many disasters , one of which had a pigs snout and other questionable parts in a slurry of beans .
demo , a mere philosophy professor , belonged by rights among the lowest of the low , with three or four deranged students , a bit of canvas for a home , and a can of beans for supper .
` ` you can trade it for fifty boxes of mcbowel 's rocket brand beans .
they managed to ignore the armadillos in the overhead luggage racks , but when the flight attendant tried to serve them refried beans they almost went to war .
` ` if you had to spend time in a classroom full of active bowels after the children have feasted on beans and cabbage -- '' ` ` but i do have lots of methane gas , '' warned sweet gas .
they lifted the unconscious man out of the fries and pulled the chili beans out of his nose .
there are more varieties of kisses than colors of jelly beans .
jelly beans , i murmured against his lips .
` ` good grief , that bag is swelling up like a camel at a bean fest , '' said odd camel .
mcbowel 's rotting haggis , with fermented beans .
we are two green beans in a pod , as they say .
chequered red and white tablecloths begging patrons to sit , a mixture of ground roast coffee beans and herbs permeating the space , and pulsed whiffs of vanilla and caramel home - made ice cream invading the senses .
the most familiar is arabica , considered to be the best bean for gourmet coffee roasting .
the rest of the market consists primarily of robusta and liberica beans , which are easier to grow than arabica but are not especially flavorful .
you 'll most likely run into robusta beans in the budget coffee aisle or in instant blends .
truth be told , you 'll probably find liberica beans sitting on a dock somewhere , accompanied by an exasperated coffee broker moaning about his lot in life .
only the ripest beans can be selected for processing , which requires tremendous amounts of labor - intensive work .
if you grind your own beans , the subtle differences in sizes can easily turn your automatic drip masterpiece into a disastrous warholian espresso .
after the ground beans are mixed with water , a thin layer of residue often forms on the surface of the coffee .
so i thought it might prove useful to provide ' yemana rights ' to anyone accused of serving up less - than - ideal java : ' you have the right to grind your own beans .
bundling in his patchwork dressing gown for extra coziness ( and giving himself bonus points for the clashing colors ) , he cooked himself a light and modest breakfast of sausages , bacon , fried eggs , mushrooms , baked beans , fried bread and fried potatoes ( which are a new world food , but one can not have britain without them !
similar to curdled milk or grape jelly beans ?
jelly beans , definitely .
and i fart while eating baked beans in bed .
i do n't eat baked beans , especially in bed .
i thought you liked baked beans .
the paganic cult nowadays involved worship over harmin 's future grave , which was planted with vegetables , beans and flowers a veritable pea patch .
the editor of the wimmin 's page spent her evenings burning baked beans and frying fishcakes for her husband ( construction worker , fat , forty , with skin the colour of old washing up water and bad body odour ) and their four snotty - nosed spotty - faced children who ranged in age from four to fourteen and who seemed to be permanently screaming .
his childhood was very poor and giuliano earned money by selling onions , leeks and beans in genoa , shipping them round the coast in a tiny boat and earning the nickname of bean king .
jonquil jabot is a vegetarian and exists on a diet of pulses and beans .
` ` you ' ve arrived in time for the bean feast , '' smiled jumbuck .
randolph shouted in reply , leaving the pastries for the moment and hurrying to measure out the ground beans and start the large brewing machine working on what was sure to be only the first of many urns of coffee that day .
loreen simply sighed and headed back behind the counter to check the temperature on the brewed coffee urn and weigh out a few more filters full of ground beans for the rest of the morning .
she threw a forkful of rice and beans at jake .
she watched him as he prepared his dinner , a wistful smile on his face as he cranked open a can of beans .
not looking at her , gwynne nodded and stirred his beans in a saucepan on the stove .
which could add up to some nice dollars in a paycheck hurry and would have the bean counters in washington dc gnashing their teeth , scraping by as they were in washington 's economy with its expensive luxury apartments and pricey exclusive restaurants .
good enough if all they wanted were beans and tortillas and an occasional cerveza .
debt , death and deletion animal farms sheps last day dystopia 101 the interactive classroom the future perfect continuous soul chips the mission the i - sad the smartphone addicts and precinct 9 book samples samples from novels the headless chicken ( from letters from the ministry ) the office trinity ( from the screen ) the post modern prometheus ( from kev the vampire ) the inaction man and the sandwich of doom ( from the inaction man ) samples from travel writing vietnam saigon india in - flight commandments china riding the dragon lebanon baalbek articles stale heroes tell the same old story barack backs beans vampires from ghouls to teen idols acknowledgements the following short stories and travel writing first appeared on the following websites .
st . sligo said : they were the opposite of the 1919 black sox , who lost games to spite their owner , the 1984 cubs tried to win to throw it in the owners face , do nt make us out to be losers you bean counting masters of the also - rans and never - rans .
baseball still has magic and i still have more than my share of bad dreams about death , lightning and bean balls .
it was white label baked beans .
ok , at the top of my list would be ( 1 ) the green beans and pears were the best i ve ever tasted .
although to be honest , dale does import the beans from fair trade growers only .
and once i d started tucking in , i suddenly forget all about jed and his mystery character for i loved the broad bean pate starter and i do nt normally like broad beans because they remind me of junior school science class when we were growing them and i ate one for a dare but it was yucky .
at least it lightened the mood and everyone cracked up laughing when it had happened repeatedly ( that will be the chilli beef and beans i had last night making their presence known then ) .
she filled his refrigerator with soy milk and yogurt , his cupboards with lentils and beans .
they splurged and made 15 bean soup with cornbread .
she had personally made the bean soup and cornbread and knew it to be the best meal that had been served at st . mary 's in years .
escape from the south fork only four cans are left : green beans , spam , sauerkraut .
looks like progresso chick peas or beans .
he was fully absorbed by the to and fro , the messages and tales of wrists and elbows , shoulders and fingernails , a host of scrapings , drummings and inclines to speak of beer and boast of women and assignations ... on returning to the community he immediately sought out a broad variety of vegetables , carrots , leeks , potatoes and a quantity of oil , long - beans and cabbage and mushrooms to stew with the beef , the liquid a soup for his ailing mother , her pallid flesh in need of support , jerian himself chewing the meat for her to swallow , feeding her , head propped against a sack of apples , the breathing of the fruit to calm her chest , from his own bowl with his own spoon , that which his father had carved on his son 's birth , his coming into the world that was his the everlasting day , his father past , drowned , his mother taken sick having survived the flood the child recalled via the memory of snapping trees , his frail young body saved by its closeness to hers , sucking at her nipple through the storm .
he was drunk , i believe , but he said he would do it and i thanked him and went on my way to water the black - eyed susans , and then helped mrs . alice with some string beans from the garden for dinner .
i ate a bean burrito with dale and lori at taco bell .
the green beans were so lightly stir - fried they squeaked as he chewed them and caused shivers to run up and down his backbone .
the next day , stillbird built a fire outside her cabin and boiled river water in a large kettle the old women had given her so she could cook some beans .
while the beans simmered in the pot , she walked along the river , stopping to examine everything and listening carefully .
after the first couple of weeks , she went straight to the store , which duane closed for lunch , and they made love in the back storeroom on a bed he made of sacks of beans and rice and covered with his coat .
knowing or not knowing this does nt mean beans to ole andreson .
during the years they d lived together alone in the big old house , both of them graying as it had grayed from weathering , the most frequent words between them were her buy cornmeal , flour , eggs , milk , broad beans , cowpeas , apples , mangoes , musk melons .
and we had good rain , so the corn and the beans came up good .
he had announced to the air , the jackets , caps , coveralls hanging to his right ; the onions , leeks and beans behind him on the shelves , a nodding somnolent audience at first light .
in a week or two she would plant the radishes , cukes , potatoes , tomatoes , squash , green beans , peas , and corn .
he loosened his tie and put on his slippers while gruffly saying , hello , charlene , and then he and his briefcase went down into the basement office , where he remained while the boys returned to the family room floor to play a game of chess , martha and aunt cora made a salad , put the roast and potatoes in the oven and simmered some green beans , and charlie unpacked and called her mother .
just some corn and beans and potatoes and he hunted and fished and they ate fine .
in the corner formed by the main house and the kitchen was a small storage room where chopped wood was stacked and rats ran rampant among the sacks of beans , rice and feed corn .
henry had to go to houstons house , that lazy old liar he had never liked , and wait around while houston finished his dinner of beans and onions and garden greens , and then he had to pace himself to follow old houston who moved slower than any man henry had ever seen , around his yard full of trucks in various stages of decay and fossilization , and find the parts he needed , laboriously written out in large lopsided letters on a list .
tonights repast called for sliced broiled flank steak and scalloped potatoes and seven - bean salad .
one day i saw how my mother was germinating kidney beans by placing them in wet cotton wool .
so instead of looking out the window at the changing landscape around me , i focus my attention on the big plastic jar of jelly beans we bought for the trip at a food warehouse outlet .
the next day , when we hit the prairies , we put the jelly beans away , but soon they re back out and were both popping our favorites .
well freeze carrots and green beans , and well have potatoes and pumpkins long into the fall .
she chuckled , tongue rattling like a dry bean in a tin .
i cautiously raised by runner beans , and there , smashed on the bubbled felt , was a sugarpuff .
single file through the thick brush , the trees growing close together , jeremiah had followed timmie , who followed beans .
gazing ahead between beans and timmie , jeremiah had seen that they were on the edge of a small glade , probably a hundred feet in diameter , almost perfectly round .
jeremiah could hear timmie hiccupping back tears as beans recounted the event .
baked beans if made with the koster family recipe using big chunks of nitrosamine and cholesterol - laden bacon .
as he waited for the rice paper rolls filled with cold rice noodles , grilled shrimp and cilantro , he drank from a glass filled with sweet beans and condensed milk .
after i finish weeding , i m going to pick beans .
i ve got bright light and soft air and beans that are ready for picking .
chapter 28 bett dragged her gathering basket along the row of green beans .
steamed green beans with butter , lime juice and grill roasted red peppers .
bett finished picking out the row of beans .
the beans and grilled salmon drizzled with basil oil and potato salad with new potatoes , peas and peapods in yogurt .
could you get me a bag of pea beans and some sugar ?
even though the pea beans are within legs reach , frank collects them himself as he is afraid his voice may crack if he tries to direct her to them .
after tending to his knee , frank puts beans and salt pork on the stove .
as if to transform his plate into something healthful , the man sprinkled a few sauted green beans on top of his mount leghorn .
the mixed smells of beans , corn , onions and cumin waft through the warm room .
` ` three soft tacos with rice and beans , and a papaya mango smoothie , '' doug announces his choice , and the waitress nods and withdraws .
as they made their way through cereals and pasta , beans and baking goods , gene thought that he was getting better at absorbing what his wife was teaching mainly because in many cases the criteria could be reduced to , do we need it ?
he had steamed green beans and added some finely chopped tarragon on top and made an arugula , lead lettuce , and cherry tomato salad .
the fourth was stocked with aspirin , baked beans , dinty moore stew , chips and other necessities .
had i been hungry , he mentioned , i might ve boiled that little rascal for supper , but for now ill keep to beans and rice .
i know what i used ta think , but i m not even sure bout that anymore , an even if i was that does nt matter a hill of beans .
i guess without faith all those stories would nt mout to a hill a beans and faiths somethin i ai nt been able ta muster in quite a long while .
different foods depending on the cardinal points : at east , she ate her french beans , at south , she bit into her lamb shank with distinct relish , at west , she got her carbs from a dried - out and synthetic - tasting rsti , at north she got her proof .
i soon became addicted to the bean baji they made at the little restaurant in the main square where the buses stopped .
old bargie and the s turn gobbled up the few glasses in the kitchen while the wayward incident served up large portions of beans and cabbage .
so it was , that they loaded up the brewer 's retail truck with supplies of honey whiskey , honey , fish for go'way ! , a pile of beans and cabbage , made a side trip to store the honeyman 's beehives in the deserted yacht club , and set out for the east coast .
he stayed out until dark , then built a small camp and ate jerky and beans by an open fire .
sealed tight inside the turrets of puff pastry , malchicken has installed a savory stew made of chicken and beans .
working with previously frozen chicken parts and dried beans , its hard to control the moisture .
later , i made soup for her , my mothers vegetable bean .
he d seen it when he let the bottom burn completely out of his mothers favorite bean pot that had been handed down three generations .
it usually was n't much , mostly ingredients like flour and sugar and oil and butter and rice and dry beans .
this time it was a roast with mashed potatoes and green beans , like a holiday meal .
` ` think it was , '' mrs . carter replied , stabbing at a green bean with her fork .
there was n't a whole lot to see , just flour and oil and rice and beans , sugar and salt and a few herbs and spices .
jackie a few minutes later jackie came out to the porch , sat down on a step and began eating a steaming big bowl of white rice and kidney beans .
the middle sections were dedicated to bulk products like coffee beans , tea leaves , herbs and spices like cinnamon , cardamom , nutmeg , several kinds of peppers ( not black ) and ginger in their kernel or unground forms .
the beans fell with little plip - plipping sounds amidst the backlight of the glowing streetlampswhich had recently been installed as a part of an urban renewal project to clean up the dowa districts , as a result of recent criticism from activist groups that the social mobility and conditions of living of untouchables , since the caste system was abolished , had not at all changed .
nonetheless , it was nearly impossible to avoid squashing the beans underfoot as the four men made their way back to the police station .
for example , through the timing of his meals , which were not meals , per se , but , more accurately , bowls of insipid gray beans that were sent down to him three times a day by way of dumbwaiter .
the scraping of their toes and heels against the floors , the padded plastic wrap sound of changing diapers , torsos bumping against walls , the reverberations of their flatulence , which could only have been due to the insipid gray beans .
the taste of the beans : a ruse !
he scratched the rash on his palm as he looked at the untouched bowl of beans sitting in the dumbwaiter .
she liked what i had made , soup , toasted cheese sandwiches with beans .
frozen chicken breasts , grilled with fresh rosemary and lemon and green beans on the side .
after years of looking but not seeing , he finally understood the jokegreat fanfare over a hill of beans .
the lumpy filling contained chunks of squash , onions , beans , and other vegetables not readily identifiable .
cannon had prepared an enormous turkey with bacon and hazelnut stuffing , ham , roasted potatoes , green beans with wild mushrooms , cheeses , tuscan olives , pumpkin pie and an abundance of extremely good alcohol .
on the couch , kamil 's wife and his mother - in - law are preparing string beans in big baskets on their laps .
ill get hot dogs and buns , baked beans and potato salad .
even the baby liked a spoonful of the sauce from the baked beans .
breakfast started early in the morning and always included hot hummus , fresh falafel , fava bean dip and other dips , fresh pita bread and an assortment of other dishes .
a couple of the girls , or younger boys would take a few large serving plates to the shops where the vendors spread out the hummus , baba ganoush , and ful mudammas -- a fava bean dip , onto plates and garnish them with olive oil , lemon juice and parsley .
some nights they d make lamb and string beans in a tomato sauce served over rice .
i put the beans on to simmer and was cutting a big chuck roast into bite - sized pieces when katie stopped beside me .
i had the chicken dinner , complete with half a chicken , mashed potatoes , green beans , and coleslaw .
and i had some of your string beans at that , uh , the church anniversaryyou remember .
toms menu included baked beans from the deli and a huge green salad that looked like a lot of work but was really two large containers of toppings from the salad bar at the supermarket dumped on top of bagged lettuce .
he even fixed some frozen green beans .
when your mother makes dinner you better be in the seat on time and eat two helpings , swallow it down even when she makes those lima beans she 's so fond of feeding us .
` ` lima beans , my favorite , '' said jacob , sitting in the head chair until his father pulled the seat out from under him .
` ` the best thing about lima beans , '' he said , with a mouthful , ` ` is the dryness .
` ` dad and i , we bumped heads , '' jacob said , watching as his father transferred some beans to his plate .
ray picked up the beans with his fingers .
` ` do buy more lima beans .
jacob resumed his position at the table , mumbled the prayer , and started eating his beans again , taking three potatoes from a serving dish , mashing one of them while he used his other hand to get a glob of butter .
he nodded his head at rhea , who shook salt on her lima beans .
hugh stood grinning from ear to ear as liz dished out eggs and beans with a doorstep sized chunk of fresh bread .
were parked at the kitchen table with fried chicken , corn , mashed potatoes , green beans , and cornbread muffins .
maybe its what the widows been feeding her green beans , bacon fat , cornbread , leftover chitlins .
i drop by the jitney for two pounds of hamburger , yellow onions , tomato sauce , kidney beans , 3 alarm chili mix and two jugs of wild irish rose .
the fairground is already teeming with vendors selling blueberries , leeks , eggs , early corn , flowers , cabbage , beeswax , zucchini , jams , cherries , biscuits , spinach , red velvet cakes , onions , kale , sweet peppers , fruit pies of every imaginable variety , eggplant , raw milk , asparagus , fudge , butter , preserves , nectarines , cheese , scallions , honey , basil , lettuce , chard , summer squash , candles , pigs feet , honey dew , peaches , carrots , radishes , collards , green beans , herb tinctures , snap peas , cucumbers , live chickens , and green onions .
the farmer 's youngest daughter distributed a plate of beans and rice to kane , leon , and heart of the people .
alma 's plate contained no beans .
alma : i do n't eat beans , kane .
in ancient greece , it was thought that beans contain the souls of the dead .
leon ( chewing his beans ) : as you can see , i ' ve successfully brainwashed alma into thinking she 's in ancient greece .
of course she still succumbed to the aches and the nausea , the bleeding and fatigue , but her breasts had become swollen and tender , her nipples now darkened , and as of late she has developed a deep and unlikely craving for beans .
mendoza was only one of many representatives that the south american country had sent to europe as soon as the war was over , in an attempt to restore pre - war levels of overseas sales of the beans .
huh , he choked down some beans .
after looking over the meager contents of the cabinettonight would be either macaroni with margarine and whatever spices i could find , or red beans and ricei shuffled back to the front room where i sunk into the couch , took the first sip from the bottle that went down far too easily , and turned the mystery of wheatyard over and over in my head .
she could open up the most resistant of beings a well oiled opener battling a rusty can of baked beans .
book 3 chapter 1 isobel was bent over a pot , stirring baked beans with a big wooden spatula .
roast beef , mashed potatoes and gravy , fresh garden string beans , candied yams , and those great home - baked biscuits that she always ate too many of .
rich green broccoli , string beans , papaya the size of watermelons , deep green chile poblanos , small and sweet tangerines , carrots short and thick , sprigs of parsley , episote , cilantro , yerba buena and mint thrown in as a gift .
she poured french roast coffee beans in the coffee grinder and breathed in the invigorating aroma of fresh - ground coffee .
they grow beans , potatoes , tomatoes , peppers , and an assortment of other foodstuff in the large fields along the river .
maggie prepared a hearty meal of meat , beans , and tortillas , and two containers of tequila .
i have baked potatoes and beans to go with the steaks .
two eggs , sunny side up , with sausage , baked beans , and white toast .
he hardly eats anything except baked beans on toast .
there were two tins of heinz baked beans , half a canister of split peas , a jar of honey the top half of which had crystallised , an almost empty jar of vegemite , two cans of campbells condensed soup , and a tin of spam .
mrs . berman and her daughter - in - law shuttled the steaming platters of baked brisket , steamed beans , potato and lokshen kugels from the kitchen .
succotash was nt that lima or shell beans cooked together with corn in a sweet broth ?
whilst tucking into eggs , beans and fried bread stu stayed quiet but as he listened his feelings began changing .
we ve got our emergency kit ready , torches , water , toilet paper , canned food , jelly beans , and all that stuff .
the man had spent all his money on a certain prostitute and bags of beans and flour and sugar when he d first come out to the claim .
she fed his dogs and cooked him cornbread and beans and baked pies .
winnie then bought as many different beans as he could find , and he experimented for days until he settled on a blend and a grind and a temperature for the milk and he gave out free samples as he worked at them and people told him they were good .
but after he made a ketchup sandwich with the last heel of bread , there was nothing but a jar of tomato sauce overtaken by a mold culture , a jar of horseradish , a loaf of tofu , two unexposed rolls of film , and penelope 's macrobiotic wheat germ concoction , which made him gag even when it was just sprinkled on beans tossed in olive oil .
the main course was chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes and green beans smothered in butter .
her face belonged in perfume advertisements and his face in ads for baked beans .
i chose not to give any grief and helped with the green beans and cranberry sauce with mandarin orange slices .
as she wolfed down beans , she rejected his proposal .
that night in pete 's trailer , pete and janie sat across from each other , eating chicken and baked beans .
it is five in the morning by the time everything is done , so with nothing to do for the next four hours , i make myself some beans and a glass of milk , and then i put the present for ben into my backpack and go out for a walk .
after examining the ground , and with a distasteful look on his face , he used his thumb and forefinger as though he was about to play a game of marbles to flick away several palo verde beans , and they rattled to the side nervously like embarrassed old stagehands who had unintentionally interrupted a performance .
as soon as the beans were out of the way , he began setting up his shot .
jack and i shook our heads which was hard to do when you were four years old and squatting on your heels and it made my head dizzy and i had to put my fingertips down on the layer of old palo verde beans underneath me .
it was screeching against the floorboards as it slid in and it dropped a trail of gravel , brown mesquite beans , teeny yellow and gray leaves , and the shiny brown carcass of a beetle first down the floppy ribs and then onto the station wagon bed .
mother once said dottie had been reduced to eating mesquite beans that she collected from trees growing in the arroyos .
he sat there with the dumb box and the dumb little bean elephant on his lap not doing a thing and not complaining either .
a philosophy professor in charge of string beans and brussels sprouts .
i ve spent the last twelve weeks farting my brains out on tofu salads , organic bean sprouts and whole grain breads heavier than paving stones .
meals were served family style - bowls of mashed potatoes flavored with cheddar cheese , string beans and baked chicken spread out across the center of the table .
all the while , tovah ignored everyone ; she cleaned her plate and took a second helping of beans and mashed potatoes .
the woman lived on the third floor of a wooden tenement that smelled of black beans and cilantro .. a half - eaten tacohomemade not the taco bell varietysat on a plate by the sink ..
filet mignon with green beans and a fresh french baguette and then chocolate lava cake for dessert .
` ` there 's actually another reason why i brought you here , '' he continued , forking a piece of string beans .
` ` wait , baguio beans , onions , yup !
hackett was carving and serving the turkey , and the bowls of mashed potatoes , sweet potatoes , green beans with sauteed shallots , cranberry sauce , stuffing , salad , and pureed turnips were already on their way around the table .
my brother and i had a blast running through streams , exploring the inner depths of forests , fishing with a stick , a string , and a rolled - up ball of bread , cooking smores on an open fire , cooking franks and beans in a makeshift pot , and sleeping in the back of our 1977 vega hatchback .
instead he d fill up on green beans and boiled okra which the kids were happy to let him have .
she pulls a jar of green beans from her purse and presses it into the doctors hand .
you do nt have green beans do you ?
i have plenty of green beans .
two of the chatty older women on board were discussing a recipe for cooking green beans without adding salt .
i ve always enjoyed her when she brings me canned green beans and preserves .
and over the next few weeks and months there was a lot more : parsley , figs , green beans , dill , lemons , zucchini , basil , spinach , plums , rosemary , tangerines , kale , asparagus , cilantro , cherries , and a few hot chilies that stung a little .
he fixed himself a lunch of beans on toast and listened to radio 1 while he ate .
her plate had exactly 6 ounces of pork , a cup and a half of green beans , and conspicuously missing was texas toast .
it would consist of muesli , flat round breads , two - minute noodles , freeze - dried veggies , pasta , beans and some rice .
he returned to the viewing screen to see curtis jones , a student celebrating his graduation from iit , slump forward in front of the bean and die .
luckily , gene turned away from that bean ball and took a glancing hit on his left shoulder but he still went down hard .
yaekos mouth had been watering since she entered the home and smelled what were probably refried beans and cheese and warm tortillas and rice .
i ve heard that seagull goes well with a spicy cajun sauce and some string beans .
this scent was like the coffee beans he smelt stored at his fathers farm .
my eyes locked on my plate , focusing on the green beans race had mixed in with the meat and noodles .
she had thought she had tortillas and was going to make bean burritos .
but now , with the moldy tortillas in the trash , and the beans bubbling in a pot on the stove , she asked maisy what she wanted for dinner .
there was a chaotic mess of broken television sets ; scattered , damp and now inedible chocolate bars ; neon tubes torn loose from the windows ; cans of beans and plastic bottles of washing - up liquid ; and torn open cardboard boxes .
he finished his plate of stew , filled with potatoes and turnips and beans and thick slices of bacon .
i mean , give 'em a choice between steak and beans and they choose steak .
he nudged several cans of green beans and stewed tomatoes out of his way and held the door open for channie .
cooks began setting out hams , with a tub of potato salad and a cauldron of beans .
yankees , among other things , put ketchup on their hot dogs and beans in their chili .
but there in his house , even if chili was served separately from beans , sprayberry did not feel texan .
that mingled with the smell of ground coffee beans made abra salivate like pavlovs dog every time she recalled that first meal at the nelsons .
tons and tons of the coco beans , my friend .
the only thing that was done cooking was the beans .
as soon as i hit the door , i know mama has pinto beans on .
i feel the heat from green beans and bacon she has cooking in this big pan on the stove with all this steam coming out of it .
she wo n't look at me , except out the corner of her eye , and she 's grabbed a bag of pinto beans , opened one corner and pours them a handful at a time on the counter .
and she 's already sniffling a little as she sorts through a handful of pinto beans .
i get out of my chair , grab a handful of beans , and figure i can help mama sift through them for rocks and clods .
and she throws a handful of pinto beans at me , feels like buckshot all over my chest , then they scatter around on the floor .
mama 's given up on the beans , grabbed a knife and started slicing on the bread .
connor continued to shovel spoons full of beans and ham from the hock into his mouth until he finished and then he decided to take the bone with him so he could gnaw on it while they rode .
of course they did nt know edgar conroy from beans up here , so it probably would nt be too bad .
he stuffed full of ham , eggs , bisquits , gravy , grits , beans , more gravy , and coffee .
the cowmens special was a barely done two inch thick steak about two pounds , a large baked potato about a pound , and a bowl of red beans about a half quart .
soon , though , wayne would hop on a night train to points unknown , leaving gordy a half - empty fifth of rebel yell , three polka - dot bean bags and a sickle .
half - way through her chicken , bean , and brown rice burrito , amandas phone rang .
you know that the beans and franks are my favorite .
pip along with a lot of the other boys , could not stand cabbage or even worse , broad beans .
sacha looked up from his sausages and mash , a couple of baked beans speared on his fork , a type of food largely alien to him .
did you get green beans ?
this would fade though , her story would be told , and soon lead to no more than smiles across the aisle as townsfolk met her buying beans in the supermarket .
luckily , she cooked a mean three bean salad .
i m just putting the finishing touches on the baked beans .
her red beans and rice were to die for .
or the broccoli and rice or green beans .
did someone put something in her green bean casserole ?
the ladies call those green beans vegetarian .
jill would have served barbeque and the baked beans were pork and beans .
jill would have served barbeque and the baked beans were pork and beans .
then he took their dinner order , cheese and onion pasty with chips and beans for moffat , fish and chips for de la pea .
i do nt think you have any bargaining chips left , and i do nt really see how information you may have makes a hill of beans difference to me .
he wandered further and ended up in a cuban diner a couple of blocks from the beach , where he feasted on fabulous black beans and rice with cuban coffee for under five dollars .
i kept silent ; eating my pot roast , mashed potatoes , and green beans , all of course , smothered with gravy .
she opened a jar of home canned green beans and put them in a pan .
she did give me a weak smile before returning full attention to her eggs and beans .
lets see , chicken , potato salad , kidney bean salad .
dinner that night was as usual bland and unappetizing ; chicken fried steak , mashed potatoes without salt or pepper and of course no butter , and green beans that were tasteless and had the consistency of rubber .
curtiss smashwords edition isbm : 9781476214429 chapter one she looked at him , her husband , sitting at the table , watched him shoveling her baked beans into his broad , bony face and forcing the beans down with mouthfuls of beer from a quart bottle .
curtiss smashwords edition isbm : 9781476214429 chapter one she looked at him , her husband , sitting at the table , watched him shoveling her baked beans into his broad , bony face and forcing the beans down with mouthfuls of beer from a quart bottle .
only her beans , fried onion rings , and salad .
he was eating my baked beans when he went into shock .
somebody , somehow , put peanuts in with my baked beans .
the beans were leftovers from a cookout behind tubb 's bar where henry would hang out .
she cooked peanuts into his baked beans and cut his throat for good measure .
she cooked peanuts into his beans .
he wanted her to explain why she thought it possible that ace put the peanuts in the beans .
he had accomplished his mission by warning otto , but stillwho put the damn peanuts in the beans ?
she chopped the onions , opened the cans of beans , and did things like that .
do you have any theories on how the peanuts got into the beans ?
somebody at tubbs cookout stirred a handful of peanuts into the beans just before the beast took the leftover beans home .
somebody at tubbs cookout stirred a handful of peanuts into the beans just before the beast took the leftover beans home .
you two cooked the killing beans , and the nuts had to be cooked inthe way i figure itor skull would have tasted themlike he would have if somebody at the party just stirred them in .
you do nt have time to bother with who put the peanuts in the beans .
those two women cooked the beans , bricker insisted but his brow was furled .
yeah , they cooked the beans , but they were nt the only ones in the kitchen at the time .
he was in the kitchen when the beans were being cooked .
in his stomach , i found baked beans , beer , lettuce , beer , tomato , beer , lots of onions , beer , maybe thousand island dressing , beer , and a peanut protein marker .
but they were usually growing corn or beans , pumpkins , or golf courses .
there is nothing as earthy and satisfying as home grown beans .
you went a little heavy on the arabica beans .
i want to learn how to roast my own coffee and i want to play around with the beans , mix my own blends .
i keep thinking that if i have a chance to play around with the beans , i can make the same blend .
i even went so far as to ask the guy if i could buy some of his beans , but he refused .
you pinpoint where you were in tanzania and ill try to guess what the basic formula for the region is , using the local beans and what the roasters generally add .
and i can order whatever green beans you think you might need from my supplier .
i paid the bills , put in supply orders , and by noon , i was ready to roast coffee to replace our dwindling supply of beans .
he would add the green coffee beans in the proportions i gave him and each batch would go through an eighteen - minute process .
if we did it continually for the next four hours , we d end up with about twelve pounds of beans , enough to last about two days at cadys cakes .
here was a man who just showed up one day , and before i knew it , he was baking my cakes and roasting my coffee beans and saving daisy from a man who wanted to do her harm .
after i finished my chicken and was shoveling in red beans and rice , i told him about nick .
but where how why would she have castor beans ?
rufus might have been just as excited by his roast beef , mashed potatoes and gravy , green beans , side salad , and spoonbread but he was able to talk between bites .
well , it looked like i was going to be spending it on coffee beans and half - and - half .
one of our members brought us a new blend of coffee beans from mozambique which i am very fond of . ''
right then , my left hand landed in something brown and smelly , and since a mexican restaurant was nearby , i prayed it was refried beans , not the waste products of a human or dead animal .
that did nt mean a hill of beans if there was nt anything substantial between the ankles and neck .
` ` so , '' june said from around a bite of hot - pepper green beans , ` ` you actually got to see the inside of clarkson 's house .
he 'd been dreaming that he was aboard ship again , opening giant cans of green beans , and the ringing of the phone mutated into a shipboard klaxon sounding general quarters .
a two - burner coleman stove occupied a wall shelf with a can of white gas next to it and there were a few unopened cans of beans and beef stew .
chicken - fried steak , mashed potatoes loaded with whole milk and butter , green beans in bacon grease , and homemade biscuits with honey - butter .
the smell of simmering red beans and rice wafted out of the kitchen .
she does nt skimp on the beans and rice and the sangria is always ice cold .
i grabbed a piece of eggplant parmesan and some green beans .
i m sure we will have potatoes and corn and coleslaw , beans , and you name it .
she plopped down at her usual place on a well - worn wooden stool , and said , pinto beans are on the back burner , and the coleslaws in the refrigerator i brought some soft rolls for the pork .
after trying every combo of pork , coleslaw , bean , and bun we could think of , betty huckleston and i sat back in our chairs , dazed by the food we d just consumed .
shredded beef enchiladas , christmasred and green chilesatisfied my hunger , and regina inhaled a large smothered beef burrito , two chile rellenos , two tacos , refried beans , and spanish rice .
in between bites of carnitas and creamy pinto beans , i brought them up to date on the shannon - barry - andrea - cowboy - maybe - phil connections , speculations , and scenarios .
in jail they d done chins on kitchen doorframes and used sacks of beans and number ten cans and jugs of bleach to lift .
and black beans with queso fresco .
same with my black beans : soaked overnight and then cooked , portioned , and frozen .
bridget placed a solitary , perfectly cooked black bean on her left index fingernail and flicked it at darren .
hot brown rice and beans topped off the meal .
pete stared down at his plate and pushed his house - made tator tots into a line opposite a row of garlic green beans .
you got ta eat , irita said while they waited in the chow line where the mayor and several city commissioners were dosing the crowd with baked beans , potato salad , and hotdogs .
while kenny fired up the gas grill , willow brought out her bean dip , salsa , and tortilla chips , and i grabbed the drink orders , which bur filled in the butlers pantry .
i followed with the vanilla bean ice cream and a scoop .
i do occasionally eat meat , but i get most of my protein from beans and i ' m one of the few people you 'll meet who really does get five servings of veggies a day .
a bowl of potato salad and another bowl of three bean salad sat along side .
dinner was traditional southern fare : pan - fried chicken , mashed potatoes , green beans and biscuits , with a lemon meringue pie for dessert .
she ate some mashed potatoes with a huge serving of green beans .
every day she made that disgusting soup with lima beans and called it stew - for - stewie .
but not often is a man - sized robot looking like its made of red and yellow jelly beans and his partner , a series of golden rings making a human - shaped slinky spring , are transformed almost into a blur of action , performing a running dash beyond olympic records .
the beans have ricin in them and are toxic from just one small bean .
combine 6 cups cooked sliced potatoes , 3 cups cooked green beans , and 2 cups cooked sliced carrots .
he still broke beans , hulled peas and shucked corn from the little garden behind his house .
the wind blows the night away and at dawn the skies are as crisp as a snap bean .
again they were cooked to perfection , with a rich garlic flavor to the green beans .
i want more than that , i stated , finishing off the last green bean .
miss tammy jos farm fresh green beans .
' i heard the row , ' i said , as he ground the beans .
pierre sniffed the beans and grunted approval .
bev had combined several cans of beans , tomatoes , and some dried pasta , along with some leftover ham she found in the freezer , making a hearty and tasty soup which trent claimed was as good as his mother 's bean soup .
bev had combined several cans of beans , tomatoes , and some dried pasta , along with some leftover ham she found in the freezer , making a hearty and tasty soup which trent claimed was as good as his mother 's bean soup .
the air , moist and cool , mixed with a scent of fresh roasted coffee beans .
we had pork chops , parsley boiled potatoes , canned beans from marys garden , and for dessert we had jell - o with little pieces of fruit in it .
the combination of flavorstortilla , eggs , beans , cheese , and green chilefilled me with satisfaction .
they had a ham , two plates of fried chicken , potato salad , green beans , and various jell - os in several colors .
chocolate - covered coffee beans , he announced , giving some to seth .
its getting light , i observed while the other two noisily gnawed their beans .
concentrated fruit juices and fruit pulp , dried blueberries , and even dried beans , tomatoes , and broccoli .
i knew , too , that i should n't have eaten all those beans for supper .
it is a terrible thing to haul a canoe , two fishing rods , paddles , lifejackets , one tackle box , binoculars , insect repellent , sunscreen , a canteen of water , a vitamin c jar full of scotch , dry socks , a first - aid kit , a spare hat , paper towels , toilet paper , matches , a portable cookstove , a good paperback , maps , a filleting knife , two lengths of rope , a pot for boiling water , a frypan , some oil for frying fish , various snacks , a couple of frozen steaks , plastic bags , sleeping bags , dried rice , one tent , inflatable mattresses , spoons , teabags , three cans of beans , headache pills , plates , an inflatable pillow , raincoat , sweater , soup mix , cups , bowls , whistles , forks , small fishing net , duct tape , camera , can opener , bailing bucket , and overpriced yuppie folding saw over a set of really snarky portages for a weekends fishing and then to realize you re going to be crabby and miserable because you did nt get any sleep .
which is why i d opened the cans of chili beans and heated them up while he was getting more firewood .
and those chili beans .
like people who snore , and people who eat beans for breakfast and fart all night .
there s lots of beans in that mix ?
ca nt make healthy chili without beans .
sasha had learned quickly that grinding the beans , setting up the water , and putting the coffee maker on the timer the night before made for much easier mornings .
he had lectured her about the oils in the beans and the temperature of the water .
the second was to head to the kitchen to grind coffee beans .
that puppy not only ground the coffee beans and delivered the coffee into an insulated carafe that kept it fresh and hot for hours , butoh , bliss ! it also delivered frothed milk in 10 seconds flat .
instead she improvised a main - dish saladblack beans , corn , tomatoes , rice , sweet onion , romaine , and avocado in chili - lime vinaigrette .
and after tasting the cuban black beans , chaz thought he could consider reyess seconds a compliment .
she headed for the coffee grinder and dumped in some beans .
` ` so tell me , doc , what 's that article westphall wrote got to do with the price of beans ? ''
hilda slid two hard fried eggs onto a cold plate , added a dollop of baked beans , and fished two rashers of streaky bacon from under the grill where they were rapidly turning black round the edges .
the aroma of the gourmet beans filled the kitchen , and i took a steaming cup into my home office .
amanda fed me a plateful of green beans with almonds sauted in peanut oil .
it was pretty much all staples : bread , rice , milk , beans , a few tins ; nothing too extravagant there .
henry pushed the refried beans around on his plate and looked down at his left hand where his wedding ring was still around his finger .
henry finished the last of his tacos ; he did nt really feel like eating the cold refried beans or the rice .
gwalchmai gazed at her , and then flopped onto the bench near the row of beans .
the menu had innumerable choices on there but if you listed all the ingredients it essentially came down to bread , toast , bacon , eggs , sausage , baked beans , black pudding , mushrooms , tomatoes and chips .
i do nt think we should be rushing out looking for people buying fava beans and a nice bottle of chianti just yet chief .
sometimes he would buy a loaf of bread or some own brand beans but it was always the vodka first .
after coffee and a torch - lit hot dinner of baked beans , sardines and two chocolate bars , i settle for the night .
pacing away , towards a second window , one opposite the first , i grab a roll of kitchen paper and a tin of beans i had left out for my breakfast .
outside i push the window shut then wrap the tin of beans in several layers of kitchen paper .
i cooked the most dee - licious lamb you re ever gon na taste , henry said , setting out several juicy chops on plates that were already steaming with mounds of mash potatoes and green beans .
so the special for the sheriff was pork chops , potato , green beans , and corn bread .
as hungry as i was , the fare of beans , mashed potato , ham , and biscuits looked and smelled like a gourmet meal .
we got the non - heated version that contained cold beans , crackers , cold vegetables , rice , and cheese .
i do n't even want to make her eat her green beans for fear she 'll kitty me . ''
charlie turned toward the voice , surprised to see vern glover , diminutive death merchant , munching some coleslaw and ranch beans .
we prepared three plates of spaghetti , waldorf salad , and green bean casserole , and set the table as best we could , what with having to search for the forks and napkins and glasses .
they moved to a small table at the other end of the porch where sallie was arranging lunch - butter beans , squash , stewed tomatoes , and corn bread .
simeon lang was finishing monday 's dinner of pork and beans from a can and four slices of stale white bread when the jailer appeared and stuck a package through the bars .
cotton and beans . ''
he was telling ingrid bergman that she was getting on that plane with laszlo and that the problems of three little people did n't amount to a hill of beans in this world .
blomkvist had never heard of lisbeth salander and was happily innocent of her report delivered earlier that day , but had he listened to it he would have nodded in agreement when she spoke of his loathing for bean counters , saying that it was not a manifestation of his left - wing political radicalism .
` ` mom likes the string beans . ''
you do n't like string beans , do you , uncle matt ? ''
the kitchen was stocked with canned food and they 'd suppered on chili with beans washed down with cokes from the refrigerator .
tonight we had baked ham , sweet potato casserole , green beans with small new potatoes , homemade rolls , waldorf salad , and hummingbird cake for dessert .
she pulled out the bags of cookies and smelled the bag of coffee beans that had been included .
to her side , cooper was scooping out coffee beans to put into the grinder .
i nearly dropped a can of beans on my foot as it hit me .
i grinned at her as i put the can of beans into her bag , feeling hope surge through me .
he licked his lips and dug in , cheese and re - fried beans spilling onto the table .
i watch chunks of meat , beans and sauce run down my happy yellow walls .
tonight 's menu consisted of roast chicken , garlic mashed potatoes , and roasted green beans - a jude ryder favorite .
i shrieked when my hand accidentally grazed the casserole dish holding the green beans that had just been baking at three hundred and fifty degrees for more than an hour .
` ` jelly bean ? ''
she asked as she added corn on the cob for jared , fresh green beans for wyatt , and a couple bunches of asparagus for quinn before reaching for a few plump eggplants for jared - eggplant parmesan was one of his favorite dishes - and a bunch of salad stuff for herself .
it had cost her close to fifty dollars but had been totally worth it to see his face as the brown beans poured out in all directions .
` ` and baked beans down your pants . ''
i know that 's how you felt when i played my guitar , but that 's what you get for putting those baked beans down my pants .
` ` so does baked beans on toast sound good for dinner ? ''
chapter three - the bean thing devon turned the corner , looking over her shoulder .
` ` well , it 's not the bean thing , '' he said , shaking his head .
or maybe , just maybe , apologize for the fact that i was now covered in sour cream and refried beans instead of sitting there arguing with each other about who was better at playing angry birds .
from now on , it 's mung beans and grilled chicken all the way . ''
from now on it 's mung beans and grilled chicken all the way . ''
some college - age , hormone - ridden a**hole will guess the number of jelly beans in her jar , and the lucky bastard will get to kiss her .
` ` so we need a jar that size , and we need to fill it with jelly beans and then count them .
` ` if it were emily , i 'd buy every f**king pickle and every damn jelly bean in the state of new york .
logan and i go shopping , and after we get all our supplies , he looks at me and says , ` ` i hope you like pickles , dude , because we 're going to have to eat this whole jar so we can fill it with jelly beans . ''
he washes out the jar and dries it , and then we start dumping jelly beans into the empty container .
i slide on my sandals and pick up my jar of jelly beans .
he reaches into his pocket and pops a handful of jelly beans into his mouth .
it looked to be some slab of beef , accompanied by au gratin potatoes , green beans , and a dinner roll , complete with a knife and fork on top of the plastic wrap .
just like rose had said , and from the looks of the fried chicken , baked beans , and potato salad stacked high on plates , it looked like the food was pretty darn good .
after making a dinner of cold meatloaf sandwiches and potato salad for the guys and dropping it off at the bunkhouse , we 'd slaved away making pie pastry , picking green beans , and peeling , coring , and slicing apples .
i could n't tell how many deep conversations mom and i 'd gotten into when i thought she needed nothing more than help drying the dishes , or plucking green beans , or any one of the other everyday tasks she liked to use as a gateway to something big .
` ` i know the last time you saw one of these was when your mama was still home and turning tricks to put beans and bread on the table . ''
the scent of freshly ground beans drifted from the kitchen .
she took him out , ground the coffee beans , and got the pot started .
he started to pile food on the plates , adding meat , pasta with arugula , white beans , and roasted shallots .
` ` i read some of it , '' i admit as i stand on my tiptoes to put a can of beans on the top shelf .
he piled my paper plate with a thick , juicy ribeye and baked beans , food i 'd missed out on over the last few days on the road .
uncle jim was scooping a batch of baked beans onto a plate and pursed his lips as soon as he saw me .
i speared a few beans with my fork and ate them before my appetite totally disappeared .
i made a pot roast and green bean casserole . ''
okay , so maybe i ' ve learned five things and have one more thing that i 'll miss : ( 5 ) being with ethan all the time - as long as ethan 's with me , i ' m fine with being cold , getting covered in pine needles , and eating beans straight from a can .
` ` two , katie , '' he asked and she handed over two plates of rice and beans .
there were bowls full of mashed potatoes , creamed corn and green beans with bacon .
i was basically miserable without cricket , so why not tack on the added bonus of smelling like i 'd been marinating in a coffee bean bag for twelve hours a day , right ?
polly is bringing her world - famous baked beans , and gertrude is so excited to play the organ for you .
she 's only got a year or two left in her ... '' baked beans ?
even though it was my idea to get married on thanksgiving , it was humorous to me , and i had a serious case of the giggles when the nurses started bringing in trays of turkey dinners complete with stuffing , mashed potatoes and gravy , cranberry salad , and green bean casserole .
i guess a potluck with baked beans would n't have been so far off the mark after all .
the cheese enchiladas already had my mouth watering when tristan spooned some black beans and rice onto my plate , and leticia followed it with scoops of fresh pico de gallo , guacamole , and sour cream .
we really should have had two servers on today , but with a little energy surge from me and some extra patience from the customers , everyone got their apple and vanilla bean crepes or andouille sausage and caramelized onion crepes in a timely manner without me dropping a single order .
even after i 'd made my way to the church , loaded the couple of cardboard boxes brimming with pyrex and ceramic dishes full of scalloped potatoes and green bean casserole into the back of the jeep , and turned down the main road to the camp , i 'd gotten nowhere in the convincing myself department .
i ordered black bean soup and rice at the restaurant .
i managed to feed her for a while , some soup heated on the stove , then some bread and beans i bought , found , or stole .
you can eat a bug , or worm , you can snatch a can of beans or a hunk of hard bread from a market stall .
her second goal had been to never , ever have to move back to a place where friday night fun meant boozing it up at the local vfw and a fancy dinner involved cloth napkins and a higher cut of prime rib , with bits of bacon in the green beans they served on the side .
i stabbed a few green beans on my plate .
eat a can of beans and sit on the pilot 's head ?
after the waiter brings our drinks , jill orders the wild salmon with green beans and i opt for the sauteed filet of sturgeon .
` ` not caviar , but he likes weird salads with beans and sprouts in them . ''
i swallowed the last noodle and bean sprout , and went to find out who the game thought i was .
` ` or i could make the cheesy , green chile , black bean dip i had planned for luncheon - esque time tomorrow .
his brows drew together a centimeter before he reminded me , ` ` we had that green chile bean dip during the last movie . ''
as promised , tack came over with grocery bags full of food to make our dinner that i discovered was going to be chops , potatoes and green beans .
then i got green beans to cook .
and he melted butter to pour on his green beans and sprinkled them with real , crispy bacon bits .
` ` or when you 're makin ' your baked beans .
my baked beans were so good they had to be a whole other topic .
` ` i expect a knock on my door , you 're makin ' pizza or your beans . ''
there were four different kinds of beans ; it was spicy , meaty and flavorful but not too hot and he topped it with grated cheese that was all melty .
` ` poppy seed with raspberry and cream filling and vanilla bean frosting , '' i told him , he blinked at the cake , his eyes lifted to mine , he blinked at me then his eyes dropped back to the cake and he licked his lips .
she did n't get into hawk , she did n't press , she did n't pry , she just dug into cam 's famous , spicy red beans and rice ( well , actually , it was n't cam 's recipe , it was her great - grandmother 's and i tried to get her to give it to me but she said we had to exchange blood transfusions and go through adoption proceedings for her to do that without getting disowned so i just ate hers and considered myself lucky ) and sucking back her cosmopolitan so i was free to continue obsessing because hawk still had n't called me .
i crossed off tortillas , cheese , ground beef and refried beans and added munchies and brownie mix .
` ` well , '' i did a quick mental inventory , figured he would n't want tuna or ranch - style beans for breakfast then suggested , ` ` we could have pop - tarts . ''
hop dragged my suitcase upstairs while the kids alternately explored and chattered to me and i made chicken fried steak , mashed potatoes , thick white gravy with loads of pepper and green beans .
they 'd just given me pork chops , mashed potatoes , gravy and green beans and finished it with homemade apple pie and ice cream , all of which probably tasted good if i could taste anything .
we had mashed potatoes , gravy and green beans with the pork chops and , um ... ice cream with the pie . ''
* * * * * we were back at the a - frame , my stuff was in the house , the groceries unpacked and i 'd just slid into the oven my world famous nachos ( this was n't strictly true , i had n't won a competition or anything , but i called them that anyway because they were really good ) smothered in kidney beans and hamburger meat spiced with taco seasoning and a mixture of three cheeses ( cheddar , colby and monterey jack , the latter two they did n't have in england ) on which , after desired cheese melting , i would load salsa , sour cream and fresh jalapenos with tomatoes for max which he told me he loved but i hated .
i was preparing another chip with some beef , beans and cheese that had slopped onto the plate when i heard max command , ` ` come here . ''
these included ella treating them all to her ` ` famous texas chili '' , shit so hot , walker could n't taste the meat or beans , just the heat .
as for himself , canned corned beef , vienna sausages , spam , chili , ranch - style beans , shambles 's day old baked goods and colt 45 . ''
` ` al lives on a diet of canned meat cut by canned beans .
` ` even outlaw al needs something special for christmas , '' i informed him then threw the two cans of spam to join the four cans already in our cart which were jockeying for position with a variety of other canned meat , beans and cat food that would n't go to starbuck and apollo .
minced beef was followed by canned tomatoes and kidney beans .
he set up the coffee machine , pouring some water into the one compartment while putting the ground coffee beans into another .
` ` well , i ' m excited about working with her too , '' she said , pulling open the door to the cafe , sending the warm aroma of coffee beans crashing into my senses .
as soon as i smelled the fragrant aroma of coffee beans , it was like pulling on my favorite old t - shirt .
all of a sudden isabella acted like making breakfast was her idea , rounding up the eggs and swiping the bag of coffee beans .
a plate of bacon , just crispy at the edges , with two eggs sunny side up , and a dollop of baked beans .
for the record , i ' m allergic to garbanzo beans . ''
` ` well , thankfully , i ' m not a huge fan either but my entire life i had to avoid a three - bean salad because people always seem to put garbanzo beans in it .
` ` well , thankfully , i ' m not a huge fan either but my entire life i had to avoid a three - bean salad because people always seem to put garbanzo beans in it .
` ` i hope you like chicken breast with wild rice and fresh green beans .
cool beans ? ''
after a beat , sophie grudgingly said , ` ` cool beans . ''
eat my rice and beans as if it 's not the last time i 'll ever spoon them out of these metal bowls .
i lean down and put my forehead against the steering wheel and sigh , like i ' m five years old and being asked to eat my green beans .
we had salty edamame beans , using our fingers to split the pods open .
everyone had laughed a few minutes ago when fin fin tripped over his own feetand dumped a plateful of potato salad , pistachio pudding and baked beans all over her .
not this time , she thought , digging into the potatoes , beans , turnips , stuffing , and the roasted goose .
sausages , ham , eggs , fried tomatoes , baked beans and toast completely filled a plate that would normally hold a goose .
oh yeah , caitlin said , shoveling a small pile of beans into her mouth .
my mother nearly choked on her green beans , and my father put down his knife with a deliberate clunk .
gram sat perched on a stool at the counter , a cutting board and a bowl of green beans in front of her .
they bought thick steaks , corn on the cob , two baking potatoes , chili beans , and sodas .
mandy stirred the beans and toasted slices of bread .
phoebe asked her son , as she dished some more green beans onto his plate .
she stumbled and hung in his grasp like a sack of beans .
bags of rice and beans would see us through the next few months .
baked beans with pork and potatoes .
after sallys visit , i set about making dinner , preparing the beans and pork and placing dishes on the table .
i could buy a weeks worth of rice and beans for that cost .
he was sitting at the counter with sophie on his lap and the two of them were topping and tailing string beans .
and just as i m about to erupt with excitement , ms . brenda sticks her head out the back door and yells , red beans will be ready in about thirty minutes !
carrots and corn were always welcomed , but the little boy turned up his nose at the sight of peas , string beans , broccoliin short , anything green .
we filled the paper bags with things like canned tuna fish , dry beans , corn niblets or yams , and boxes of pasta , instant mashed potatoes , cereal and pasta .
assuming you do n't mind beans and dehydrated stew . ''
stew and beans for supper ? ''
someone had already got a pot of beans and stew on the grate .
to him , it meant ribs slathered in sauce , pork with beans , grilled corn , and various kinds of mayonnaise - based salads .
i want to make my tomato and green bean salad , spicy cucumber slaw and chocolate - filled raspberries , but i always get avocados , broccoli , spinach , and cauliflower too .
were learning about how plants grow , so we placed lima beans in these bags a couple weeks ago .
its an adorable book by brent ching called the little lima bean .
grammy said nothing grows without love , so here miss abby , kiss the lima beans .
after , we eat jelly beans with turkey sandwiches ; we sit on the cherry wood chairs in the dining room where the bay window overlooks queenie .
i remember it clearly : we were sitting on the couch eating jelly beans and drinking dr . pepper .
your favorite candy was jelly beans , especially the black ones .
you missed the dance , and you would never dance again or eat candy corn and black jelly beans .
i woke up , went downstairs , found my basket ( dorrie insists ) and gorged myself with chocolate eggs and jelly beans .
we are eating jelly beans and sliced melon off a crystal plate and we have tall glasses filled with lemonade and a lemon wedge on the sides of our glasses .
you are eating jelly beans from a bag .
i can tell by the way you bring the jelly bean up to your mouth and look at it before you eat it .
in the kitchen , while the cook ground the beans , heated the water , and then put the combination through a plunger , yvette opened the latest package .
it was the way he said it , the assumption i d do what he suggested , that i could treat myself to a piece if i lived off processed soy beans and spent an hour in the gym every day .
teddy and fletcher laughed at her then as teddy put coffee beans in the grinder to make a fresh pot .
nelson was able to heat up baked beans , which seemed like an extravagance since we d been eating room temperature food since garys .
we dipped crackers in our beans and ate it like stew .
johnny had made a small fire while we bathed , and there was some kind of meat roasting over it ; there were baked beans in a steel camping pot and even plastic , re - sealable bags with something like dried bananas in it .
bowls containing pasta salad , baked beans , and a potato dish flanked it .
by the time i reached the stage of mopping up the rice and beans with a leftover bit of tortilla , what started as the sprout of an idea blossomed into a full - fledged plant .
the aftertaste of roasted coffee beans with a hint of a foreign flavor lingered .
a huge bag of tortilla chips nestled next to a can of chili without beans .
there was macaroni and cheese , green beans , brussels sprouts , and roasted beets .
i was particularly proud of the green beans , cooked in a brown butter sauce with almonds .
this place is so well - stocked , kate said , then added , these are phenomenal , as she stabbed a green bean with her fork .
having to keep the broccoli from bullying the beans , the squash from beeting the pumpkin , get it ?
she also had a stubborn streak just like her grandpa and vehemently refused to eat green beans with a clear no .
the faint scents of the day 's cooking lingered in the air , buttermilk bread , peppery beef stew , molasses baked beans .
maebry , carry the bowls of string beans and carrots , that 's a love . ''
carrots in a butter glaze steamed up at her , emitted a delicious aroma , although when she breathed in the green beans with crumbled bacon , her stomach rumbled hungrily .
she studied the section of coffee beans , debating .
she nearly dropped the ten pound burlap sack of coffee beans she 'd reached for .
the aroma of rice and beans and herbs made her stomach growl .
some veggies and dip , chips , beans if i knew we needed all this , i would ve stopped by the store .
he found a can of beans and opened it , gripping the portion of the lid that he 'd left on to scoot it into the fire .
the biscuits hung over a small portion of hot embers from a forked stick and the mush bubbled next to it in the half - buried bean can , when jessie stirred .
fried chicken , mashed potatoes and gravy , green beans , biscuits , and even my apple pie . ''
he d ordered chips and guacamole , tortillas , black beans , and plantains , a full plate of chicken and broccoli , and he also had an over flowing pina colada in his hands .
billy cooked up hearty camp food : steaks , potatoes , beans and his specialty peach cobbler .
hey , you nasty little creep , quit shoving or ill bean you one , she threatened , moving forward .
becca ordered the fried chicken platter with collards and okra and zach got chicken - fried steak ( no direct relation to fried chicken ) with mashed potatoes and gravy and green beans .
so we need a jar that size , and we need to fill it with jelly beans and then count them .
if it were emily , i d buy every fucking pickle and every damn jelly bean in the state of new york .
logan and i go shopping , and after we get all our supplies , he looks at me and says , i hope you like pickles , dude , because were going to have to eat this whole jar so we can fill it with jelly beans .
abigail set ty in his high chair and walked to the stove to stir a pot of beans warming for lunch .
jenny set a plate of sliced vegetables on the table and brant lifted the pot of beans with a pot holder and ladled scoops onto everyone 's plates .
grinning , she set the book aside , and then hurried to ready the house for the children 's return and stir beans simmering on the stove .
the beans had nt rehydrated much and the flavor was a combination of salt and chemicals .
she still thinks that we wo nt be able to cook a proper meal and we would be living on beans on toast .
it was then that richard the third came to take me to his basement duct taped gainst the ravages of ofeelya -- the basemint filled with an extra heavy duty generator , fat red emergency candles , and shelves stocked with dust covered paacalisp beans .
` ` it smells like wet dogs and spoiled lima beans . ''
chapter eleven kelly was sitting next to jack at the dinner table , but he could nt read her face as they all passed around bowls and platters ; filling plates with her moms homemade chicken , macaroni and cheese , salad , and green beans .
sarah realized the less that was said the better , so she and john politely listened to the others conversation as fortune began the meal by serving a clam chowder soup , followed by ham , sweet potatoes , beans and corn pone .
he started rattling off dishes quickfire black bean salad , cornbread , chicken fried steak , tortilla soup and apple pie ... sarah blinked .
i want you to do the black bean salad .
chapter sixteen salad cornbread baked beans barbecued ribs peach cobbler wow , said sarah .
yes sir dale turned down the dutch oven on the baked beans and turned his attention to the ribs that he d been smoking .
i m done for now chapter twenty - one dale finally got that bison chili made for dinner and it was good exceptionally good he cooked it in two large dutch ovens with peppers , black beans , tomatoes and lots of spices .
sakura chuckled and began grinding the coffee beans .
just when she was starting to grind the coffee beans , her phone beeped .
todays menu was a favorite : do it yourself hard shell tacos with plenty of spiced beef , cheese shreds , refried beans , and other assorted taco fillings , with salsa and chips on the side for those of hardy constitution .
if you do that , ill see if there s any place we can get some franks and beans for supper , maybe find something entertaining for later .
she has absolutely no time for 10 - kilo sacks of special mashing potatoes , or baked beans , or any kind of chocolate , and of course she does nt buy frozen pizzas or multi - packs of sausages .
suzie rolled her eyes and waved the phone at petya who was busy rinsing soaked kidney beans in the sink .
` ` beans .
petya did nt reply , just scooped about a pound of chopped garlic sausage into the pressure cooker with the kidney beans and started peeling garlic .
the salmon was delicious , of course , as was the caesar salad , green beans soaked in butter and bacon , and the ice cream with blueberries for dessert .
the grating of coffee beans and mixing of beverages ebbed and flowed above the sounds of conversation from the active place .
shredded beef , shredded chicken , black bean , bean and cheese , fajita chicken , fajita beef , brisket , and fish .
shredded beef , shredded chicken , black bean , bean and cheese , fajita chicken , fajita beef , brisket , and fish .
noah laughed and nearly choked on a bite of bean , cheese , and blue corn shell .
the galloways usually ate a simple dinner consisting of a precooked chicken , rice and beans .
they would pretend they were eating an extravagant turkey with stuffing , marshmallow covered yams , green beans , wild rice , and pumpkin pie for dessert .
he boiled two pigs hearts , cooked wild rice , and steamed green beans .
julian was helping her dutifully , already wearing dads apron and handling the green beans .
she roasts her own beans just down the road here .
mulled wine - combine one bottle of red wine , 1 cup of cognac , 3/4 of a cup of sugar , 2 cinnamon sticks , 3 whole cloves , 1 teaspoon of grated nutmeg , 1 vanilla bean , 1 star anise , 1 sliced orange , and 1 sliced lemon into a sauce pan and simmer for twenty - five minutes .
and a black bean ice cream tart .
her expert fingers rubbed refried pinto beans on one side of the sliced lengthwise pan blanco bread , and she put ham slices on the other .
she placed a generous amount of jalapeo pepper strips on top of the beans before closing the bread roll together .
instead , they both ordered appetizersspicy hot chicken wings and nachos loaded with cheddar cheese , pinto beans , and ground beef .
shrimp cocktail , bruschetta with a white bean pure , asparagus spring rolls , and stuffed piquillo peppers with goat cheese were all on the list .
they left their bless your hearts alongside their green bean casseroles and jell - o molds and went off whispering about what a disappointment those maddox and smith children had turned out to be .
even after everything lindsey packed there had been more green bean casserole and ham salad than anyone should have to deal with .
next time ill bring butter beans , too .
butter beans were big lima beans with fat back or , in a pinch , a piece of salt pork cooked until they were soft as butter .
butter beans were big lima beans with fat back or , in a pinch , a piece of salt pork cooked until they were soft as butter .
she scooped some beans into the grinder and pushed the button .
after a marvellous breakfast of bacon , egg , baked beans and fried bread the soldiers were led to their barrack rooms , twenty - four to a room .
he dumped the contents of her plate , a few remaining bites of hot dog and some baked beans , into a pie tin before moving on .
my mind had been made up for me , especially when she placed a heaping plate of chilaquiles with egg mixed in , rice , beans , and a pink tinged liquid in front of me .
he winked and piled some rice and beans , all mixed together , onto his spoon .
he gave these to darcy to hold onto while he paid for fresh olives , tomatoes and string beans .
the two were sitting around the big kitchen table after a tasty meal of scallops a lorange entree , followed by a main course of chicken normandy , stuffed tomatoes , glazed carrots and fresh green beans .
the cupboards were bare of everything except a really old looking can of beans .
i strode into the kitchen and removed the old can of beans from the cupboard .
there were bowls with different ingredients in them : coco beans , coco butter , sugar , cinnamon , nutmeg , and coriander .
apparently , tristan had already roasted the coco beans since the kitchen already had a brownie smell permeating throughout .
the mayas valued cacao beans so much that they used it as a currency .
the mayans and aztecs believed cacao beans came from paradise and would bring wisdom and power to anyone eating them .
the top choice was tomatoes , followed by lettuce , green and red bell peppers , snow peas , beans , corn , garlic .
noodles and wontons and beef in a black bean sauce .
sherelle stopped in the middle of placing an edamame bean pod in her mouth .
she tossed the bean pod in the trash .
while mark ordered a veggie bean burrito with guacamole , cheese , rice , lettuce and tomato , cheyenne ordered taquitos with rice and beans on the side .
while mark ordered a veggie bean burrito with guacamole , cheese , rice , lettuce and tomato , cheyenne ordered taquitos with rice and beans on the side .
she had piled potato salad , corn on the cob , baked beans , ribs and chicken on her plate .
then he scooped another scoop of vanilla bean and added it to the pile .
as he scratched his chin , debating whether beans would work better than soup , he heard the sound of the garage door opening .
you should have seen baby seth with green beans up his nose . ''
chapter seven as they entered caf 101 , the smells of roasted coffee beans and pastries brought back grief - free days spent studying .
locally caught rainbow trout with fingerling potatoes , and green beans with pistachios and mint , followed as the entree .
as ian fried onions , peppers , and black beans , kira studied his house .
when she took the first bite , the flavors of chilies , cilantro , and cumin merged with the veggies , beans , and rice .
they had runner beans and courgettes and whole rakes of salads and herbs .
the ladies often had sardines or baked beans on toast for their evening meal but the gong always rang through the house .
what would the neighbours say if they saw drills of potatoes and broad beans ? '
she nibbled on a crisp green bean .
` ` um , do you like green beans ? ''
` ` yeah , i like green beans , '' hassan said , trying to change the subject as quickly as possible .
he walked in and sat down before a plate of rice , green beans , and what appeared to be very small chickens .
and so it was that colin dined that evening primarily on rice and green beans .
` ` i hate green beans . ''
a confrontation over green beans would be detrimental to her plan .
timmy judiciously sorted through the vegetables until he 'd located three stubby green beans .
` ` i do n't mean to be rude , mom , '' timmy continued , burying a green bean deep in his pile of mashed potatoes , ` ` but you ca n't throw a ball worth a darn and i need to practice .
` ` now eat your green beans . ''
` ` with green beans and a tossed salad . ''
joy dipped her fork into the beans and cheese .
and she 'd even made dinner again - black - bean soup , corn bread and a salad .
he 'd apparently enjoyed the meals , although she 'd never thought of roy fletcher as the kind of man who 'd appreciate a bowl of black - bean soup and buttery corn bread .
` ` here , '' she said , ` ` stir these beans . ''
if civilization comes crashing down at midnight , the last thing i 'd want is to be stuck in my apartment , living off bottled water and canned beans .
` ` no chianti and fava beans ? ''
i mean , because , if you do n't do something more drastic you 're going to go to work and you 're going to look like a hyena who ate twenty - five mexican jumping beans .
` ` um , '' she said , shrugging and spearing a green bean with her fork .
even better dragged in baked beans .
please tell me they like to try new things and not just beans and ham , '' she begged .
it 's well over a hundred years old , and settlers used it to grind coffee beans in the early morning hours while they heated their water on the stove .
t hat evening , layla did something fairly tasty with chicken breasts , stewed tomatoes , and white beans .
` ` yeah , but next year i 'll be twenty , then twenty - one ; then i 'll be eating strained green beans and drooling all over myself and asking you what your name is every five seconds and you 'll be twenty - six and perky and you 'll resent me every time you have to change my incontinence pants . ''
humming to reba mcentire , she stirred the pork and beans warming on the stove .
pork and beans was the least expensive grocery item on her list , but she did n't want to risk scorching them .
with the cake cooling on the counter and the beans in the fridge , bethanne drove to the bank and parked in their nearby lot .
the five women chatted and laughed nonstop through the appetizers , followed by a dinner of salads , creamy stroganoff with buttered noodles and fresh green beans .
` ` do we have any yarn made from soy beans ? ''
in addition to the potato salad , i doctored up baked beans with brown sugar and mustard and baked a carrot cake for dessert .
when brad asked him what divine message had been revealed , cody had said that , according to god , he should n't eat any more green beans .
` ` i was just thinking about god telling cody he did n't have to eat green beans . ''
anne marie occasionally made salad for dinner ; she was n't afraid to add unusual ingredients , like walnut bits , cranberries , raw green beans , chinese noodles , sunflower seeds , pickle slices , beets ... her inventions were n't always successful - the chopped anchovies came to mind - but they were usually interesting .
that involved first grinding beans , a production barbie lacked the patience to bother with .
when she read the chalkboard , she saw that the special here was actually two cheese enchiladas with rice and beans .
we both ordered cheese enchiladas with rice and beans , which happened to be the luncheon special .
while i picked out the best tomatoes , brad and cody went to the deli for potato salad and baked beans .
once they were at her condo , she put away her yarn purchase , ground fresh beans and made a small pot of coffee , just enough for two cups .
they could order a bean burrito , plus two tacos with rice and beans , and split the dinner for $ 5.50 , including tip .
they could order a bean burrito , plus two tacos with rice and beans , and split the dinner for $ 5.50 , including tip .
` ` i do n't think i ever told you i do n't like bean burritos , '' she blurted out .
she chose the tex - mex salad , while grant ordered chicken enchiladas and a bean burrito combination plate .
bethanne had andrew 's favorite made - from - scratch black bean soup simmering in the crock - pot and corn bread baking in the oven .
` ` i was hoping you 'd make the black bean soup . ''
the black bean was andrew 's all - time favorite , and she used to have a huge batch going every college break .
i wondered if manden - auer had all his eggs in the carton , his beans in a bag , his wheels going round and round .
` ` it survived , '' linda said , ` ` because it was in a plastic bag , the kind you put green beans in at the grocery store .
jack followed her as she sorted through the fresh green beans .
she ordered the combination plate , which included a cheese enchilada and a bean burrito , and iced tea .
she told him that soon they 'd have produce from their garden - lettuce and peppers and beans .
the main course was meat loaf , mashed potato casserole , fresh green beans , plus homemade pickled asparagus and sweet corn relish .
` ` you are n't going to make me eat green beans with this , are you ?
she watched him grind beans , then add water .
she 'd chosen fresh green beans for the vegetable ; they were simmering on the stove .
of course , i ' m going to bake your father 's favorite potato casserole and that green bean dish everyone likes . ''
` ` cool beans , '' she quipped , standing to her feet , her tall , lengthy frame towering over emily 's .
oh well , the two went together like franks and beans .
she gathered the ripe tomatoes from her small garden and checked the bean vines ; the green beans would need gathering in another day or so .
while he was quiet she fed the animals and worked in the garden , gathering the green beans and the few tomatoes that had ripened overnight .
rachel sat on the front porch swing , a newspaper spread across her lap and heaped with green beans .
she did n't like stringing green beans , but she liked to eat them , so it was a necessary evil .
slowly she returned to the porch and sat down on the swing , automatically returning to the task of breaking the beans .
and bring us a plate of nachos -- heavy on the refried beans . ''
eleanor was n't complaining about the grilled cheese either - it was a nice break from bean soup , and beans and rice , and huevos y frijoles ... after dinner , eleanor usually disappeared in - to her room to read , but the little kids always went outside .
eleanor was n't complaining about the grilled cheese either - it was a nice break from bean soup , and beans and rice , and huevos y frijoles ... after dinner , eleanor usually disappeared in - to her room to read , but the little kids always went outside .
' that leaves three beans for each us , ' ben had cracked to eleanor earlier .
he was holding a bean burrito and it was dripping onto his t - shirt and the floor .
i thanked the nurse as she handed me the bright red tray filled with macaroni and cheese , which appeared very edible , grilled chicken strips , a caesar salad , green beans , a large wheat roll , and a small slice of some sort of custard i already knew i would n't be trying .
the table was laden with smoked turkey and ham , green beans , mashed potatoes , cranberry sauce , and golden rolls .
she loaded a small plate with a piece of fish and some green beans .
everyone was holding a stick in the ames , jockeying for the best spot to roast their hot dogs and marshmallows , their cast - iron kettles full of beans .
and soon shelby and miles were carrying in steaming bowls of green beans and mashed potatoes while luce took her seat between callie and arriane .
cath asked , lifting a scoop of cold kidney and green bean salad .
the cab smelled like gasoline and roasted coffee beans .
i do n't have any booze , but there 's still some green bean casserole left .
what 're we supposed to tell people when they order a glass of wine with their vanilla bean cheesecake ?
she had a long , low table set up , draped in newspaper - the sunday comics this week - and dotted with boxes that held this week 's crop : bright red apples , plump raspberries , baskets full of herbs , and the vegetables : green beans , tomatoes , broccoli , and summer squash .
of those , only a few remained ; lonely apples in the bottom of an otherwise empty box , a handful of green beans .
because i remember eating ramen and beans growing up , helping mom clip coupons so we could afford to eat , until you built this dynasty of yours .
not that any excuse was worth a hill of beans , she reminded herself .
aidan snagged a bag of coffee beans from the freezer and tossed it on the counter .
i hear there 's going to be hot dogs and baked beans , just like a beach party at home !
granny was working in the kitchen , draining butter beans into the sink , but she paused and frowned down at haley .
spread before them on an everyday tablecloth was a cornucopia of food in steaming platters : pot roast , black - eyed peas and rice , lima beans , and something green and gooey that had to be okra .
and you can eat the leftover ham and butter beans .
daddy asked as he scooped up a fork of butter beans and rice .
lessie is making squash casserole , thelma is cooking a roast , millie is working on some bean casserole and mac and cheese , jenny 's bringing pies , of course . ''
she could practically smell the ham and butter beans that granny had served on those dishes all those years ago .
and , in addition to a bean casserole , savannah wanted to bake an apple pie , just to prove the point that her crust was flakier than jenny carpenter 's .
a deep - fried bean burrito , the bufriedo proved beyond the shadow of a doubt that frying always improves a food .
just huge slabs of moist white meat , corn , green beans cooked in enough bacon fat to make them taste like they were n't good for you , biscuits with gravy , pumpkin pie for dessert , and a glass of red wine for each of us .
he would , in fact , much prefer a supper of eggs and beans in his tent with tom and percy .
bowl of beans .
julie rolls her eyes and shovels beans into her mouth .
a trickle of dark liquid poured into the cup , and the scent of rich roasted beans hit his nostrils .
` ` you have a nice place , '' he said , forking up some beans with a tortilla chip .
rush could n't believe the thoughts that were bouncing around in his mind like mexican jumping beans .
it was either the entree or a can of lima beans .
it was a rainy , cold morning on thursday , and hannah had just put some kidney beans on the stove to soak , thinking she 'd make a batch of chili for dinner , when there was a knock at the front door .
when she returned to the kitchen , she found riley adding the cooked meat to the simmering kidney beans .
` ` steak , twice - baked potatoes , fresh green beans with almond bits , and salad . ''
just because he felt nice and smelled good did n't matter a hill of beans .
she 'd decided one cup of coffee would at least show that she appreciated the effort rona was making , and the scent of freshly ground beans tantalized her .
they clattered and bounced on the hardwood floor like the mexican jumping beans rick had brought him once from tijuana .
` ` i got some homemade beans and polish sausage . ''
the place smelled of cigarettes , beer , and refried beans .
a copy of the wall street journal tucked under her arm , amanda walked into starbucks and inhaled the scent of roasted coffee beans and sugary baked goods .
in his absence , she ground a handful of fresh beans , changed the filter , and started the coffee .
` ` and i was thinking of having potatoes and green beans on the side . ''
chianti and fava beans are n't on the menu .
her sister had always been a good cook and steffie gazed longingly at the broiled chicken breast , red new potatoes and fresh green beans .
does he cook yams , or beans ?
but the arrangements had all been made ; the barbecued carcasses were roasting in their pits , hogsheads of ale and beer stood ready by the stables , and the air was full of the fragrance of hot bread and beans from the cookhouse .
and so the feast of the guns was a notable occasion , with wapiti and venison and wild pig raised steaming from pits and roasted over roaring fires , with overflowing platters of maize and roasted squash and dishes of beans spiced with onion and coriander , dishes of pottage , and dozen upon dozen of small fish rolled in cornmeal , fried in bear grease , their flesh crisp and sweet .
` ` i suppose it never occurred to da that anyone would want to leave , '' bree said , grunting as she lowered her own burden - marsali 's cauldron , packed with cheeses , sacks of flour , beans , and rice , plus a wooden box full of dried fish and a string bag of apples .
90 forty - six beans to the good at dawn , richard brown was gone .
she set down the cards , and digging under the pillow , withdrew a small pouch , from which she poured a handful of small white beans .
i was forty - six beans to the good , by the time mrs . tolliver returned .
i was throwing a hastily assembled bucket of ingredients into the kettle for stew - scraps of ham , with bones , beans , rice , onions , carrots , crumbled stale biscuit - and listening to the other militia commander , robert borthy , who was telling jamie - with considerable levity - about the state of the emigrant highland regiment , as our opponents were formally known .
the warm , bacon - spiced beans soothed me , filling me with a sense of peaceful well - being .
` ` beans , all right , '' fergus said .
in one stroke , we had gone from riches - potential riches , at least - to rags , our well - equipped expedition reduced to a sack of beans and a used medicine chest .
she held out her hand to me , showing me a few small objects in her palm , the general size and shape of dried lima beans .
he could hear a clatter from the dining hall as he passed , and he smelled boiled ham and baked beans , but supper was the farthest thing from his mind .
this being the end of summer but not yet harvest time , the pantry shelves were nowhere near the height of what i hoped would be their autumn bounty , but still there were cheeses on the shelf , a huge stoneware crock of salted fish on the floor , and sacks of flour , corn , rice , beans , barley , and oatmeal .
i nursed ian , who was feverish and miserable , fed the stock , weeded the garden , picked tender young cucumbers for pickling , and set lord john , who was disposed to be helpful , to work shelling beans .
also a large boiling kettle , whose acquisition we have celebrated with a great quantity of tasty stew , made with venison , wild onions from the wood , dried beans , and likewise some tomatoe - fruits , dried from the summer .
her father made no move to go forward , but stood silent by her side , watching her mother pick beans , black and gold among the leaves .
braids of onions and garlic and strings of dried fish hung from the ceiling ; bags of flour and beans , barrels of salt beef and salt fish , and stone jars of sauerkraut stood on the floor .
emerging from the pantry with a wedge of cheese in one hand and a bowl of dry beans in the other , i heard a tap on the door .
13 beans and barbecue i took the kettle back to our camp , only to find the place momentarily deserted .
` ` he said to me as it was his custom to have beans at his breakfast , and oysters to his supper , and so he 'd done every day since he was a wean .
` ` beans , beans , they 're good for your heart , '' i said cheerily , seizing the opening .
from the hazy forest above , the sound of scottish male voices drifted down toward the smoking pit , chanting in amiable unison : ` ` beans , beans , they 're good for your heart ... '' returning to the campsite , i found that roger had returned from his errands .
sacks of rice and dried beans , bushels of hickory nuts , butternuts , and black walnuts .
i drifted from one task to another , leaving a pile of onions half - braided in the pantry , a bowl of beans half - shelled on the stoop , a pair of torn breeks lying on the settle , needle dangling from its thread .
i breathed shallowly - the air was filled with a cloying mixture of stale sweat , barbecue , and fried onions , french perfume , drink - sodden breath , and the sharp , sweet smell of vanilla beans - and shed my gown and shoes as quickly as i could , hoping not to break out into a drenching sweat before i could undress .
i did n't normally wear perfume , but i had a special oil , sent from the indies , made with orange flowers , jasmine , vanilla beans , and cinnamon .
scott returned to the loft with an opened can of beans and a fork ; she jerked the blankets over her shoulders .
` ` baked ham , noodles and string beans ? ''
` ` beans , '' beth said .
pete grimaces as if the gum in his mouth tastes like bitter whole coffee beans .
as i ground the beans , he flipped open the tablet 's protective case and started tapping at the screen .
he demonstrated how to add fresh beans to the grinder and then how to set the beans to roast , then brew .
he demonstrated how to add fresh beans to the grinder and then how to set the beans to roast , then brew .
` ` but we 'll fix ye a plate of beans and bridie , with a drink on the house . ''
faith shifted on the stool at the red bean , took a drink from her coffee mug , and let jamie take over .
he opened the door of the coffee shop and was immediately blasted by the smells of ground beans , cinnamon , and cocoa .
they reached for some plates as they eyed the appetizing variety of side dishes spread out on the table - beans , casseroles , potato , cucumber , and fruit salads - all of which smelled delicious .
inside , gabby made her way to the produce section , where she collected some fresh green beans and the makings for a salad .
at dinner , he ate two pieces of chicken , enjoyed the green beans and the pasta , and complimented gabby extravagantly on her cooking , until she giggled , begging him to stop .
along with the venison , he 'd brought some potato salad and baked beans from the supermarket .
it sure did n't look like beans .
and it did n't smell like beans , either .
but okay , beans and toast and ... ` ` what 's for the main course ? ''
my dad dug into the bowl again , grimacing as he worked at the beans , as if he were trying to scoop frozen ice cream .
it was among the rarest of all buffalo nickels , and we ended up eating hot dogs and beans for a month , since it cost more than he 'd expected .
on her steady diet of rice and beans , pasta and oatmeal , she 'd lost weight in the past fourmonths .
` ` do you have any dry beans ? ''
the following week , there were dry beans in the store .
since then , the beans were always in stock , there was a single onion available , and in the weeks that followedher first two visits to the store , she 'd become something of a regular .
hethrew the steaks and the hamburger patty on the grill while katie went to the cooler and started bringing theendless array of items to the table : tupperware containers of potato salad , coleslaw , pickles , a green bean salad , sliced fruit , two bags of chips , slices of cheese , and assorted condiments .
she kept out some green beans and found a dozen red potatoes in a basket on thepantry floor .
she rinsed and cut the green beans and put some olive oil in the frying pan .
she would start the beans whenthe steaks went in the broiler .
her stomach growled on cue as he lifted the silver dome and revealed buttery mashed potatoes , crisp green beans , and gravy .
pushing open the door , he saw her staring into the cupboard while absently holding a can of pork and beans .
quickly , she heated up the can of beans , finishing just as dawson came back in carrying the platter .
dawson found the sauce while amanda poured the pasta into one bowl and the beans into another .
in small towns , you could n't afford to piss off the keepers of the coffee beans .
next he retrieved a bowl of marinated green beans with grape tomatoes and a pitcher of iced tea from the refrigerator and placed them in the middle of the table , then he sat across from her and filled their glasses .
the heady aroma of the stuffed peppers and spicy beans with sausage made lauren 's mouth water .
ducking away , she opened the cabinet and foraged for her favorite hazelnut - cream - flavored beans .
she finished pouring coffee beans into the coffeemaker , closed the lid and hit start .
` ` it has rice , beans , and tofu .
one evening while cooking chili for dinner , he suddenly felt a sharp , stabbing pain and doubled over , knocking the pan from the stove , strewing tomatoes and beans and beef across the kitchen floor .
` ` and green beans .
her own glass was on the counter , and she moved back to the stove , where she twisted open a jar of green beans that sophia guessed had come from the garden .
` ` let me just get the beans and potatoes in bowls , and dinner will be ready . ''
` ` i picked it up this morning at your favorite coffee shop , along with a pound of freshly ground beans .
she had her menu set for this all - important dinner : roast turkey with a traditional stuffing , mashed potatoes and gravy , fresh green beans with butter and sliced almonds , two different salads and three kinds of pie , apple , pumpkin and pecan .
green beans simmered on the stovetop .
she quickly looked away and offered mr . oliver more beans .
when we arrive home , mom makes me sit in the family room while she cooks meat loaf and mashed potatoes and green beans and an apple pie .
there was the turkey , of course , and two bowls of dressing -- one from inside the bird and one from outside -- mounds of mashed potatoes and boats of gravy , green beans with onion , garlic and pancetta , risotto with parmesan cheese and prosciutto , homemade pasta in capon broth , roasted stuffed vegetables , and homemade bread .
charlotte asked for the specialty salad , which consisted of beans , rice , cheese , shredded chicken , lettuce and slices of tomato and jalapeno peppers .
a can of half - eaten pork and beans .
well , the upshot of that conversation was that by the time the pork chops , green beans , mashed potatoes , and biscuits were finished , we were both dying to see if i could manage the handstand .
this was not what i considered a healthy meal , but considering the contents of his pantry and refrigerator , it was either that or beans from a can .
then i grabbed the can of green beans and started putting it away .
when she and john had stopped for a lunch of beans wrapped in tortillas along with dried figs , she 'd tried to get him to see things through her eyes .
then a bowl of baby lima beans in a peppery broth of milk and butter and fried potato slices .
a jar of her favorite gourmet jelly beans sat on the desk .
she 'd never realized that trace had added a half - pound or so of the grape - flavored jelly beans each and every time he came to visit , secretly stirring them into the mix .
i picked it up and popped it in my mouth , crunching the beans , cheese , and sour cream .
my potato salad you love so much and green bean casserole . ''
the rich smell of freshly ground beans filled his nose as he scanned the tables searching for the man he pictured as sam elliot .
she 'd run through all the reasons why she should n't want him , and none of them amounted to a hill of beans .
after grabbing a bag of fresh - roasted coffee beans , she detoured past the candy aisle and scooped up several of her favorites .
the tables are full of berries to be turned into jam ; onions , mushrooms , potatoes , and garlic to be put in the cellar ; cucumbers to be pickled ; and beans to be canned in brine .
while she prepares the beans and cucumbers , she imagines an entire love story for her and sasha .
the vegetables would be perfectly tender , their flavors merged into a silken tangle of tomatoes , sweet peppers , string beans , and walla walla sweet onions ; all of it swimming in a rich garlic - and - lemon - tinged lamb broth with big chunks of succulent meat .
roasted tarragon chicken , chili green beans and with a risotto that would make a chef cry .
fuck , he knew the signs ... surveying the disheveled dinner table , he lunged to retrieve an empty bowl that had previously held green beans .
i smell green beans . ''
we sound like a bunch of taste testers for canned baked beans after a new product line rollout .
after they 'd placed their order for swordfish with cachupa - a mixture of corn and beans - mari leaned back in her chair , appearing far more relaxed than the woman who 'd taken refuge in his suite the night before .
kendall surveyed the food on the plate - a strip steak , green beans and new potatoes he 'd picked up at a gourmet carryout place about ten miles down the road - a little warily .
he was humbled by the way these people lived , so grateful for the smallest of items - a bowl of beans , fresh fruit , a warm blanket .