i looked onto the backyard , with its dark green furniture and bean - shaped pool , sipping my water .
it 's bean curd . ''
she was actually almost ten years older than him and he was a string bean , but she did n't waste her breath pointing out the obvious .
after that , we took our rented bikes and cruised along the lakefront and zipped through the parks , finally ending up at the famous bean sculpture .
` ` thousands of coffee bean growers across the globe would disagree with you . ''
she 'd planted peas , beans , lettuce , radishes and other vegetables with shorter growing times .
i ' ve forgotten that beans and ivy are even in the room .
my eyes snap to beans .
` ` the girls are getting older , and i want to try beans in the lower field next year .
his gaze lingered on the fields that would eventually be planted with corn and soy beans and the occasional patch of sorghum .
amelia finished making her coffee and had plopped herself over one of the bean bags we brought with us .
juliana stepped out to the kitchen garden with her basket , determined to fill it with the runner beans she 'd spied yesterday .
low modular furniture in tangerine leather in the living room off to my left , offset by an enormous glass coffee table in the shape of a kidney bean .
carrots , tomatoes , poles of bean runners that i swear grew fast enough you could see them move , and blackberry bushes thick with purply fruit .
` ` i'l be fine , '' i assured him , plucking up a tangle of noodles and bean sprouts .
the description had been simple : a bouquet of mixed greens , tomatoes , bean sprouts and flowers .
and now i have a burrito bean in my hair .
we worked compost into the soil and the trees thrived on it , with a little natural bean crop mixed in . ''
` ` who spit in your bean curd ? ''
` ` i ' ve never seen sae many outlandish - looking people in all my born days , '' she said , making no effort not to stare as a pair of cherokee braves in full regalia rode up to the trading post , followed by several women on foot in a mixture of doeskins and european shifts , skirts , breeches , and jackets , these dragging bundles of hides on a travois or carrying huge cloth bundles full of squash , beans , corn , dried fish , or other salables on their heads or backs .
chapter 19 : grant i dropped into a booth in the back of the coffee bean and tossed my helmet into the seat next to me to wait out aribel .
he could see what might be cotton , orchards and other crops that were low and green ( beans maybe , peas ? ) .
bud bean : if world did end would wait for new one , hop on without missing beat .
bud bean grabbed the top copy , the rest were passed around .
bud bean said , grimacing .
hidden beneath the central stage , bud bean gave final instructions to the three men whose loyalty was matched only by their expendability .
bud bean was flabbergasted , well somebody is !
no , no , bud bean corrected , it is a great and wondrous keech that allows worlds such as these .
only bud bean remained .
with a little laugh , bud bean resigned himself to death , well then , my lord and master , i guess there s nothing else to say .
i draw a plan of the garden and mark out where the corn , beans , tomatoes , potatoes and last , but certainly not least , lettuces will go .
they braided the green bean vines and twisted them into vegetal ropes , thick as their forearms , and spun them overhead , winding them between plots and across walkways , weaving them into a connected green openwork without an apparent beginning or end .
not as we see it now , with lush fields of soy beans and corn and orchards weighed down with fruit , but as we first laid eyes on her , dusty , sparse and vulnerable , an empty field open to all possibilities , a place for dreams to come true . ''
sister jesse planted quickly the surviving lima beans , watered them deeply and prayed for the best .
after a while solomon ventured out of his basket , not very far at first , stepping gingerly among the bean poles , finding shelter from the suns under a broad squash leaf , and negotiating territory with other brave felines .
every now and then one of them would tentatively chew on a bean shoot and unleash a symphony of negative commentary from the grouchy sister who reviled working in vain and thought the fur balls unworthy of consuming resources .
transport after transport arrived , countless noah 's arks filled with critters , chicken , dogs , pigs , turkeys , rabbits , goats , guinea pigs , field mice , but the cats reigned the land supreme , as first comers and superior companions ; they learned the territory better than anyone else and made themselves at home under the bean teepees or broad cabbage leaves .
solomon purred , looked her straight in the eyes , and started chewing on a purple bean leaf .
the dirt that mounded around the base of the bean plant was tinted the same intense color , as if somebody tried to color the bean on purpose by pouring indigo ink around its root .
the dirt that mounded around the base of the bean plant was tinted the same intense color , as if somebody tried to color the bean on purpose by pouring indigo ink around its root .
the cellular structure of the bean leaf was completely ordinary but looked as if it were dyed on purpose , like the hydrangea flowers sarah used to experiment on when she was in school to shift their color from pink to green or blue .
the question of the singular plant still remained unanswered but sarah was tired and her hands were still purple from the bean juice and she had a creek in her neck due to tense concentration .
* * * the next morning she went and checked the entire bean patch and all the other plantings , there was no purple foliage among them or markings on the ground , no purple at all .
the unique bean plant with leaves half green half purple never died , it grew larger and its stem turned into a woody trunk , thicker than an arm .
three living hosts resided on terra two , three gigantic cities for the immortal natives of the planet , sarah , solomon , and the bean plant .
sarah did n't know if it was an ancestral , instinctive call of the natives or a personal affinity , but she got into the habit of taking solomon and his basket and sitting in the shade of the purple bean plant to read books or news from the central computer via her neural interlink .
she looked around and her eyes rested on the emerald green soy bean fields shining in the suns behind the herbalist studio and she let her gaze linger on the purple bean tree , almost over - shadowed by the other tall trees in the orchard .
she looked around and her eyes rested on the emerald green soy bean fields shining in the suns behind the herbalist studio and she let her gaze linger on the purple bean tree , almost over - shadowed by the other tall trees in the orchard .
they stopped at the bean tree and sat under its canopy with solomon curled up in sarah 's lap as he sat every evening .
broad leaves of autumn squash and pumpkins covered one end of the garden , and bean vines twisted along a lattice of sticks .
he grows beans , peas , tomatoes , cucumbers , corn , potatoes , squash , and next to the apple orchard he has strawberries and raspberry bushes .
betty was the kind of string bean beauty that had guys gaping despite her dimensions .
mother stopped at the two yards that had tall poles of bean plants growing up and around them .
mother had taken cora 's words to heart and had scrambled to till more land and get beans planted .
the blossoms had just fallen off and the bean pods were tiny on the thick vines .
i do nt have tofu or bean sprouts , but i m sure we can find something that was never breathing .
he shut the door behind me , settling down in a bright red bean bag near the entrance .
now get out of here , i have some calls to make , '' said a smiling pushkin , everybody in the unit knew how much he loved the calls to the bean counters .
depending on the soil conditions , the taste and aroma may change , but also the ratio of bean to root ratio depends on the stimulant effect .
` ` it 's purple , '' jimmy noticed , ` ` just like the bean plant . ''
` ` yes '' , sarah nodded , ` ` it is purple , but it 's not like the bean plant . ''
` ` yes , there are two more beings in direct symbiotic relationship with you : my cat solomon and a bean plant , '' answered sarah .
sarah graciously introduced the purring feline and tried to picture the purple bean plant as clearly as her mind allowed it .
the latter did n't comment , she just turned around and walked into the soybean crops , looking at them as if she saw them for the first time , passed her beloved apothecary shed and advanced through the emerald fields towards the purple bean tree with footsteps muffled by the brick colored dirt .
solomon followed right behind her like a silent shadow , accustomed as he was to the daily trips and the siesta under the bean tree .
the purple bean plant had grown significantly over two hundred years into a strange local tree of life , it grew aerial roots that made it look like a small forest full of birds and small creatures of the fields who found sanctuary from the cats in its branches .
sarah walked through one of the fava bean plots , passed several chamomile scented cats and returned to the kitchen with a full basket of produce , to the delight of sisters jesse and felix , who were on kitchen duty .
in the middle of the lilliputian landscape a minute graft of the bean plant flourished , half green , half purple , just like the original .
` ` do n't forget to commune with your other two sisters , the cat and the bean tree , oh , thee highly evolved being , '' seth smirked on her way out .
* * * despite the sarcasm , spending some time in thought under the bean tree sounded like a pretty good idea to sarah , so she picked up solomon from under one of the tables and made her way through the lush landscape , her footsteps muffled by the silty soil .
if the quaddie was still in orbit , or if they had given me the auto laser cannon like i wanted for the roofwell , let 's just say i wish it was the bean counters with their fat asses on the line out here instead of us . ''
if the bean counters object , i 'll take the heat .
the garden was full of lush green vegetables : spinach , lettuce , beans , onions and garlic .
then his lips turned down and he went back to his work , pruning bean vines , while keeping up with what was happening though quick , furtive glances .
i touched the gauzy , green filament of a climbing bean plant and felt its satisfaction .
i try to spend a couple of hours gardening each morning , weeding , training the beans and bougainvillea and eating strawberries as soon as they turn red .
i start off skewering small , random morsels of cheese and then bean curd with my two - pronged fork , but soon follow reyes 's lead , ripping off small chunks of bread , and layering them with bean curd and onion and some of the remaining bits of cheese , finishing each miniature open - faced sandwich in two or three small bites in between requisite gulps of wine .
the bean fields that the majority worked on were doing better than the previous year , which was the initial manual labor year .
he indicated a bean stalk .
scholars were entrusted with their own vegetable allotments on which they grew beans , potatoes and other sundry vegetables .
apparently canned beans and corn on a daily basis do kill you before term .
by next summer we 'll lead these people away from their myths and kicking and screaming into the twenty first century so that then they can move to a warmer climate where they can still happily grow their corn , beans , and squash if they want to .
we would create teepees of wood for beans to grow up on , and she had some sustainable water barrel ideas for boiling water right there in the fields to purify it , using pvc pipes with holes drilled into them to release the water to the plants .
the farms were covered in wheat fields , with the occasional soy bean farm .
he had a lot of jap vegetables that i never recognized , some beans and squash and melons , plus the usual beets and carrots and pumpkins .
a number of animals were discovered up in the mountains , near a remote agricultural station that was growing test varieties of soy beans . ''
` ` apparently these animals are attracted to beans , and certain grasses .
' she slipped you a poison called ricin ; it 's from the castor bean .
this was early april , so the spring planting of barley , peas , oats and beans - the so - called lenten crops - would be nearly finished .
anson wheeler - whom rosie usually just called ' tie kid , ' although the guy had to be at least twenty - five - was cooking , and barbie dreaded to think what anse might do to anything more complicated than beans and franks , the traditional saturday - night special at sweetbriar rose .
he talked about the fishing trade ( ` ` not what it useter be , boy , although it 's less muties they pull up in their nets these days , ' n that 's a blessin '' ) , the farming trade ( ` ` folks round here can grow most anythin , long 's it 's corn or beans '' ) , and finally about those things clearly closest to his heart : horsin , coursin , and ranchin .
i knew how to use the poison of the castor bean .
once it had been filled with tall corn and green bursts of beans and peas .
and a wide plowed meadow where fields of grainlike quinoa alternated with rows of corn , chili pepper plants , beans , and squash .
the wagon trundled down the road , passing more fields : rye , oats , beans , and rows of vegetables .
he pictured corn , beans , and squash growing in the neighboring washes .
hydroponics scientists getting away from their husbands and wives and children to get drunk and talk about raising bean sprouts .
the security office smelled like old sweat and the bean curd masala that casimir had brought in yesterday .
radishes and beans are n't as pretty as roses , but they taste better , and if you can grow roses , you can certainly grow vegetables .
` ` we bought up the bean crop in the expectation of an imperial military campaign in karanda .
prince kheldar recently did a bit of speculation in this year 's bean crop .
` ` and you controlled the entire bean crop ? ''
` ` look into the possibility of tying up this year 's bean crop .
if we control the bean crop -and maybe coarse flour as well- the bureau of military procurement wo n't have any choice .
the rows of beans , turnips , and cabbages in her garden were as straight as any of durnik 's fences , and weeds were absolutely forbidden .
the men grumbled a bit , but they went on out into the meadow and started digging up sod for all they were worth , while the women came along behind them planting beans and other things that are good to eat .
the young men think they 're digging up sod for building lodges , but all they 're really doing is opening up the dirt below the sod so that the women can plant beans and yams .
my dad had shown me the basics of growing tomatoes and beans and stuff , but refused to put a garden in at our house .
` ` our stores are ample for the moment , '' he reminded her , ` ` and your grace has planted beans and grapes and wheat .
my eyes followed her gaze out in the bean field across the street a distance , near the run down abandoned old barn jim and me used to sneak over to .
he rotates his neck muscles around the beautiful south beach terrain and enjoys viewing the fertile grass lands of white cotton fields , brown knee - high soy bean stalks , and the sturdy wooden railing capturing fifty heads of fine black and white beef cattle .
sarah bean .
some even married , so the bloodlines of bean , taproot and saltwine crissed and crossed , back and forth , until there was a web of loyalty and trust binding them together .
none of the taproot or saltwine women resembled her in the slightest , and they often cuffed their menfolk when they caught them staring at the bean girl as she had become known .
am i addressing sarah bean , granddaughter to woran bean ?
am i addressing sarah bean , granddaughter to woran bean ?
bean , woran ( bean , woh - run ) adoptive grandfather to sarah bean .
he was awoken by the life - giving living flame of sarah bean as it passed by .
taproots , the a family of farmers in the norn valley and neighbours to woran bean .
gravel hit the side of his truck as the scene in front of them went from corn field to bean field then back again .
sitting on top of bean sprouts , shitake mushrooms , and a few potatoes , the fillet looks delicious .
physically , richie overshadows me and my string bean build , brown eyes , and less luxurious mop of dirty blond hair .
please tell me that was a bad joke , bean .
that was shocker city , bean .
i know that i ve kind of been ignoring you latelyand i m really sorry about that , bean sprout .
very original comeback , bean .
yeahand he was my best friend , bean .
thanks an awful lot , bean .
soak this in cold water , bean , okay ?
he ca nt care for himself , bean .
maybemaybe not , bean .
this is all very interesting stuff , bean .
you know the ragusas , bean .
that s not what i meant , bean i hurriedly waded into the traffic on w231st street to cross over to the other side and almost got clipped by a westbound m100 bus in the process .
your favorite soda pop , bean .
* a feast laid before them on the long , polished , wooden table ; an assortment of rice dishes ; some filled with vegetables such as peas , carrots , bean sprouts and onions ; some with chicken and some with beef .
those wonderful folks at klein 's sporting goods in chicago sell these things like they re selling bean sprouts .
she chuckled and took another nip of her bean juice .
rushing back to the house , i came past the twine ladder underneath our balcony where maries hyacinth beans trailed up .
we are having beans and tortillas ... mr . lloyd smiled broadly , showing his yellowing teeth .
and if you asked him where his travels have taken him , billy carried on , he could say oh , i ve bean here , i ve bean there , i ve bean pretty much everywhere , heck ... . i ve even bean to the plain of three pillars .
and if you asked him where his travels have taken him , billy carried on , he could say oh , i ve bean here , i ve bean there , i ve bean pretty much everywhere , heck ... . i ve even bean to the plain of three pillars .
when they reached the outskirts of the elevator everyone stopped ; even the runner bean made its way over to them and stood silently aloof .
he did nt feel like doing homework , so he jettisoned his pack on his bed , flipped on his game console and plopped down in his bean bag chair , controller in hand , immediately sucked into the game where he saw movement behind the bushes ahead .
as we walked along the rows of peas and beans , broccoli and melons , sally told me that the garden had been built years ago when the farm was really big .
there was a scoop to the metal end , an asymmetrical scoop , like a split bean pod . ` `
his mother sat him at the table and fed him bean stew with rice .
field after field went by of wheat , barley , or sometimes potatoes and beans .
we were surrounded on every side by corn and bean fields .
so , do nt go jumping over green bean pods , because that s over twelve inches , darling .
when we have some free space on the floor , we sit down on a couple of bean bag chairs with a notebook and absolutely zero ideas .
me and damon made a kite and it really flies and then bean tried to eat it and damon and bean were tugging on it and it was so funny but we fixed whoa !
there s even a particular bean that can grow so high it reaches the clouds .
i stammered , trying to rise from the bean bag i had been reclining in .
she said , looking to her father at the kitchen table picking the heads off a pile of bean sprouts .
little bean ?
through the seasons corn , beans , cucumbers and melons grew large and vigorous under his care .
klads whisper emitted from the bean patch behind the house .
a purple bottle filled with water and colored stones on the bottom , a cheshire cat , aquamarine , menacingly perched on the mantle , mommys hands on the piano , back and forth , creeping across pearl white keys like the crabs across the sand , smells of black - eyed bean soupsimmering , mommy laughing , nice mommy , throwing her head back , her hair cascading like a fountain over dark stones , down her back .
i got an award for the best string beans at last years county fair .
he used his fork to dredge and widen the amazon then launched a green bean seed canoe into it from somewhere in brazil .
his cousin spent two weeks ' leave as part of the search teams combing the woods and soya bean fields surrounding the location of the last positive sighting of the victim .
my mother wore jeans and an ll bean jacket , her hair pulled back and her cheeks attractively flushed from the cold .
the package he delivered to hasan at the taxi stand contained seeds of ricinus communis , in arabic khirwa ' and known in the west as the castor bean plant .
the months of basic malnourishment meant that clothes hung off me as if i were made of bean poles .
foggy grabs the drinks and relaxes his string bean body onto a plastic chair .
old bean .
a pair of ll bean boots .
even in the taxi he kept up the small talk until they reached the bean store .
we were shown to our regular table with oriental efficiency , ` ` mushrooms , bean sprouts , bok choy with oyster sauce for me . ''
you know , years ago the local farmers were told to introduce phytoseiid mites to the coffee beans ! ''
as if realizing i was scrutinizing the grotesque nature of her arms she grabbed a blanket and wrapped it around her gaunt body as she lowered herself into one of the bean bag chairs .
they watched the walls melt away and the fire shine on the dresser mirror and eat up the bed bernice had given to tommy and dynamite the tomatoes and beans and blackberries she had put up in jars that summer .
the man was wearing an ll bean oxford shirt and his hair was thinning at the front .
opposite the bar is a chill - out room full of soft seats and bean bags , with space enough for twenty people .
a long green snake froze us for a second , then it disappeared into the butter bean vines .
she and gran spent hours during the summer and early fall putting up vegetables from our garden - tomatoes , peas , beans , okra , mustard greens , and corn .
pappy , who hated garden work more than i did , was nearby picking butter beans and doing so with commendable effort .
he drove them northwest , two hours of tense darkening silence as the car crawled like an insect through endless gigantic spreads of barley and wheat and beans and oats .
no lie i told about joe later was any better'n the one i told selena that hot july afternoon amongst the beans n cukes ... but did she believe me ?
i saw the same questions in her eyes then as had been there twelve years before , when she came up to me in the garden , amongst the beans n the cukes : ' did you do anything to him ? '
st ignatius 's bean ( strychnos ignatu ) : small tree , seeds yield brucine .
white - woolly kombe bean , gaboon arrow poison ( stropanthus hispidus ) : woody climber , 6 ft .
he thought briefly of kissy who would now be eating her bean curd and fish and preparing the night 's swim in her mind .
they passed the last of the neat white houses with shade trees and flower beds , and now they were driving through fields of cotton and beans that stretched forever .
her first journey into mississippi had been spent looking at the vastness of the delta , admiring the lushness of its miles of cotton and beans , watching in amazement as crop dusters bounced along the tops of the fields , shaking her head at the clusters of impoverished shacks .
a string - bean body , brown as a berry , his cheeks dark with stubble .
though he carried haddad 's and string bean 's guns , he did n't want to use either .
three times a day food trays were wheeled along the run and slid through the bean holes .
then he turned onto a gravel road that went for a mile through low - lying bean fields next to the river .
` ` good for beans but my tomatoes and melons need some sunshine . ''
our firm had an account with the restaurant , so it would be billed to drake and sweeney , and somewhere along the way our bean counters in the basement would find a way to bill the client for the cost of the food as well .
the national socialist coffee bean , as it is called well , the slogan used in the advertisements , you know , tells us that it is ' healthy , strength - giving , tasty , indistinguishable from the real thing ! ''
by ` ` excitement , '' he means us going to the coffee bean .
and one day the workers at one of his coffee bean processing plants are sifting through a vat of beans and they find a foot .
squash and beans lined the rows , as her people had returned to the old ways , using the same mixture of maize , limestone powder and water for their flour as their ancestors once had done here , in this very same place .
just like every morning , i had been rushing to the local coffee bean to get my decaf sugar - free mocha and rushing to get back .
ian strolled across the remains of the bean field , one hand grasped tight on my mother 's upper arm and the other holding a large wad of smoldering sage .
` ` corn , beans , fruit , chili , '' i read , twisting a few of the labels so i could see what they were .
` ` come on , you do n't want to be a string bean forever , do you ? ''
after all this time of wondering where i would finally be put off , it is to be there , the home of the bean and the cod .
` ` messrs . fennell and bean are , of course , very excited at the notion of our own theater .
the chorus is conducted by miss hepzibah van pelt and it 's directed by messrs . fennel and bean , thespians of great renown . ''
opening july 28 in the belly of the bloodhound , a new dramatick play , written by miss amy wemple trevelyne , and directed by messrs . fennel and bean , renowned thespians .
this is followed by fennel and bean proceeding to murder shakespeare with the death of caesar scene from julius caesar , complete with the entire male members of the cast dressed in togas .
and raucous it was - the shantyman , enoch lightner , bellowing out his fine sailor ballads in his deep baritone , with herself pumping her concertina and singing along , and a supposed humorous bit by fennell and bean , all of which culminated in an unexpected drama .
how could it not be with the entire cast and crew of in the belly of the bloodhound being in attendance : messrs . fennell and bean , booming out poetical verses ; our great baritones , solomon freeman and enoch lightner , the incomparable shantyman , booming out their songs ; and me , adding my noise to the raucous mix with voice , fiddle , and feet .
instead they hand me a small white card that says fennel and bean thespians theatricals and revues i looked at the card and then blankly up at them .
` ` bean ?
the vanilla bean is a fruit .
messrs . fennel and bean have reported to me that you have often been offered the role of cordelia in lear and have always absolutely refused to do it .
i would write out a letter of introduction for him to messrs . fennel and bean , as they would certainly find the talented mr . freeman quite useful in their productions .
furthermore , he has found outside employment with messieurs fennel and bean in their theatrical productions as both musician and sometime actor .
murmurs of assent are heard and then , as if on cue at a fennel and bean production of macbeth , the curtain is pulled aside , the rising sun burns into the fog , thinning it , while a good breeze sweeps the rest of it suddenly away .
after the final curtain , i joined the cast for a bit of carousing at the pig and whistle and got in quite late , but it was good to see messrs . fennel and bean again , as well as chloe cantrell , my friend and faber shipping 's part - time secretary .
marlon bean lifted a hand in greeting , as did vince howe .
i also gave him a letter of recommendation to messrs . fennel and bean should he ever get to the states and need employment .
he showed me a sketch in progress of two plants , one leafy and one with bean pods .
we looked over to where amanda and abigail were wrestling with their escorts , and mary beth was using her ladle to great effect on the owner of the dixie bean .
it was lovely to see - randall in his fine uniform and polly in her desdemona dress from the othello production that fennel and bean were about to mount , their having made enough money out in the sticks , putting on the revival shows , to do such a thing .
` ` was i not trained in the finest thespian tradition by none other than messrs . fennel and bean ?
' the human bean has two legs and a vegetable has no legs at all . '
it is important i has plenty of cold eats in this scuddling hot weather , and the next coldest thing to an esquimo is a chile bean .
' i is able to tell if it is a man human bean or a lady by the breathing - voice .
' i is able to tel if it is a man human bean or a lady by the breathing - voice .
it 'll be beans or something else absolutely lovely . ''
in the backyard was an ambitious vegetable garden where seven impeccable rows flourished- textbook tomatoes , peas , beans , and carrots .
along side of the garage grandma had planted a patch of tomatoes and beans and cucumbers .
even the bean field that stretches off on the east side seems particularly well cared for .
when he came to the bean field , the soft rich soil slowed him down even more .
and , we could actually see the cannon ball rocket out of the barrel and across the bean field .
teas were nt new in rome , but coffee beans were indigenous to the americas , resulting in some very jealous romans .
just think , in only a couple of months , well see sprouts coming up from our very own beans , corn , carrots , squash ... anything we want to plant .
they lay low on the ground in the cornfield , among the bean vines that grew on the stalks of the corn .
at the overgrown rear of the garden , behind an empty apple tree , gooseberry bushes and runner beans , brock stood and watched as james was chased from the drive .
` ` bitch , '' he said aloud and started across the vegetable patch kicking at the rows of dried up string bean bushes as he went .
remember the time you hosted that refried bean eating contest ?
i did nt bean to snap your head off .
it was amazingly cosy and well designed , every bit of wall space that was nt a window taken up with shelves , where jars of rice , beans , lentils and tiny pots of herbs and spices held in by wooden laths , rattled and chinked together as the bus swayed on the road .
other than that , i was nt even sure it came from beans until five seconds ago .
stop , beans .
she said to the dog happily , and beans barked again .
and the next morning the villagers , braced for yet another day of starving , were confronted by a scene right out of their collective dreams : the olive tree , grown overnight to an amazing height and robustness , was laden with fruit and not just olives but dates as well , and almonds , peaches , apples , pears and coconuts ; and from the soil around the tree , bare as bone until the night before but now thick with bright green clover , shot the sprouts of beans and onions , garlics and turnips , carrot leaves and heads of dew - beaded lettuce .
next to the desk was a nice little hammock and bean bag chair .
each year my father planted a field of maize and squash and beans , but this alone did not provide enough food for our family .
these men grow maize and squash and beans like everyone , but in the darkness before father sun rises they go to the water and seek food there , with slender fish - spears and nets .
and there were mounds of beans and squashes , many things were ready for harvest .
my fingers became green from twisting squashes and bean pods , and every day i returned to the storytellers hut tired and ready to begin discussing stories .
yax iik heard this and was amused , and then my uncle poured heated liquid cacao for us , and my aunt fed us steaming squash and beans and made comments on the good weaving yax iik wore .
alex handed leena back her laptop before getting up off of the bean bag chair .
teams of young men pulled the ards to scratch out furrows in the soft soil so they could plant enormous crops of maize , beans , and squash .
the smell of the fire meant the opportunity to relive fond memories of a time when , for a change , he was an equal in the bean family .
i apologize raymond bean .
old doc bean fucked us all .
we take the blood , we end our madness and we leave the bean family alone .
so they dropped their own anti - personnel bombs ... paid little heed to the horror of carpet bombingit was all seen so clearly by anna : fast - food all about , chinese take - out cartons strewn here and there , cockroaches using them as hotels ... pizza boxes and dry crusts hosting ant conventions under beds and couches and bean bag chairs ... she had stopped cooking , the oven was sterileduring all this , only lonny maintained a separate peace , she , somehowis it that i am crone ?
many of the irish coming into america thought of themselves as catholics , even if they knew nothing of the catechism , even if all they knew of religion was the bean sidhe , the banshee , who came to wail at the walls of a house where death soon would be , and saint bride , who was once bridget of the two sisters ( each of the three was a brigid , each was the same woman ) , and tales of finn , of ofsin , of conan the bald - even of the leprechauns , the little people ( and was that not the biggest joke of the irish , for the leprechauns in their day were the tallest of the mound folk ) ... all this and more mr . ibis told them in the kitchen that night .
bees loafed around in the bean blossoms , but buzzed fast in order to give the impression of hard work .
around a fine stand of tall decorative klatchian corn , bean vines raised red and white blossoms towards the sun ; in between the bean rows , melons baked gently on the dusty soil .
around a fine stand of tall decorative klatchian corn , bean vines raised red and white blossoms towards the sun ; in between the bean rows , melons baked gently on the dusty soil .
bees buzzed in the bean blossoms .
there was a small trestle table in the sun by a stack of bean canes .
then he tidied up the bean vines .
clover had not figured largely beans and other leguminous nitrogen fixers were not a central feature .
the rich silty sto plains were the grocery of the continent , but not an awe - inspiring panorama unless you were the kind of person who gets excited about fifty - three types of cabbage and eighty - one types of bean .
' there 's nothing wrong with it , ' he said hurriedly , with the sincerity of a man who had ordered bamboo shoots and bean curd for himself .
' and i might believe there 's such a thing as a nat'rally chocolate - covered coconut , because chocolate 's a kind of potato- ' ' a bean , possibly , ' said ponder stibbons .
he 'd been peeling away the yellowing husk from something like a small bean pod .
it was big and thick and printed somewhere far off , and it had lots of details about things like phases of the moon and the right time to plant beans .
' that 's another thing , ' said nanny , picking up a bean pod and chewing it .
when i reach greasy sae 's stall , i boost myself up to sit on the counter and order some soup , which looks to be some kind of gourd and bean mixture .
i drag myself into a state of relative alertness , eat a can of potato and bean stew , and sit against the wall facing the door .
back pages stood next to a jumbled junkatorium called secondhand rose , secondhand clothes , and as he passed this store one day during the august of his discontent , ralph saw a new poster among the announcements of outdated bean suppers and ancient church socials , placed so it covered roughly half of a yellowing pat buchanan for president placard .
how much to just say , ` ` i have to quit these peas- , peas are no good for me , i better try corn or beans , '' ` ` a lo ) t , '' he said , wiping at the corners of his eyes again .
i had a nice quiet bean and eel stew planned for tonight . ''
one village sat amongst bean fields , one planted mostly barleycorn , and the third cultivated rows of cabbages , carrots , onions , turnips , and melons .
` ` i did not mean to say that your ladyship built the dam herself , only that ... without that water , all our crops will die ... the smallfolk have beans and barley in the fields , and melons .. ` ` .
the melons , beans , and barleycorns were listening to all they said .
the green and purplish starbursts of castor bean leaves with their fuzzy red pom - poms added depth to the display , as well as access to the deadly poison ricin .
the planting of wheat , barley , peas , beans and lentils had already begun .
shortly , following the first real heat , blustery winds brought the picking of peas , beans and lentils , the shearing of sheep .
christines food had gotten quite cold while she talked , and she grimaced as she inspected a string bean and forced herself to eat .
they learned the region was rich in food , with tribes growing corn , beans , melons , and squash .
in just their second year on the farm , they had raised enough beans and wheat that they had surplus to sell .
they had worked so hard , sweating for every bean and every head of wheat , and now they got sous where they had hoped to get francs .
she pulled up the bean plants to throw into the compost pile .
onions , garlic , rye , beans and asparagus are growing in winter , said jack .
the illinois bands grew corn , beans , and squash for as long as anyone can remember .
this day he was weary from two straight months in the fields trying to salvage what they could from the corn and bean fields .
the years had gone by with success in growing fields of corn and beans , but now things had changed in the skies .
the indians were in a crucial time of the harvest , and welcomed the extra help in their small corn and bean fields .
the crop had been his first priority when he bought the farm , and much of his first two months had been spent planting and tending the fields of corn , beans , wheat , and hay .
the priestess of jove , for instance or rather the wife of the priest , it came to the same thing - undertook to wear her hair uncombed , to wear a veil , never to mount a horse or a staircase , never to touch a dead body , nor dogs , beans , or ivy .
greeted by a loving kiss , mary sat down at the candlelit table and pulled away at pizza that was infested with bean sprouts , water chestnuts and pea pods .
if he was nt pulling godfrys feet out of the river mud , he was detangling his walking stick from the bean sprouts or unhooking his satchel from the corn stalks .
he could make out the hazy outline of bodies scrambling into the bean plots , his ruined eyes picking out the brown of their sleeveless shirts and the black of their boot - cut pants .
jus had to stop , reets carried on , tapping his pouch on the side and filling his pipe with ground leaves , jus had to have your nasty ole bean juiceand fancy , over there , he directed his voice across the fire as he withdrew a branch from the flames , he wants me to believe he stopped so he could bore these fellas with his big mouth .
mike said wiping bean juice from his chin .
beans , tomatoes and potatoes grew in regular rows along the floor .
after a few minutes , he held the heavy piece of wood and smiled while walking back past issac who was still sulking in the bean bag chair .
small children 's bodies were in slow motion , sputtering inside a rainbow room full of giant stuffed toys and radiant bean bag chairs .
so they dug the grave in the head 's garden behind the lodge and buried him among the beans and tomatoes .
she closed her fingers upon the glass she had worked so hard to get in the first place , looked at it curiously for a moment looked at it as a gardener might look at some unexpected specimen she had found growing in among her beans or peas - then gripped it .
will would run the a through the high grass of the back field , which was kept for hay , toward either the south field ( potatoes ) , the west field ( corn and beans ) , or the east field ( peas , squash , and pumpkins ) .
starting in july , there was picking as well as hoeing - peas and radishes first , then the lettuce and the tomatoes that had been started in the shed - boxes , then the corn and beans in august , more corn and beans in september , then the pumpkins and the squash .
it was late afternoon when frannie went out back to where her father was patiently weeding the peas and beans .
for a moment she was tempted to crawl deeper into the garden and just lie low among the peas and beans until he got tired and went away .
that day dad wanted me to lug wood for the cookstove , weed the beans and the cukes , pitch hay out of the loft , get two jugs of water to put in the cold pantry , and scrape as much old paint off the cellar bulkhead as i could .
then she found some black bean pods on a smaller tree and she threw them in , too .
he was nt one of them , the bean counters , the shallow , me - too hollywood types .
he always knew where he could get turkey cheaper and he was sure all the mexicans in town knew the same place , or they would just have beans instead that night , except for the rich mexicans which he agreed were almost as stupid as anglos .
wan na get that , bean hand ?
how you feeling today , bean hands ?
so testy this morning , bean hands .
kitten was better than bean hands , but i would have preferred that he call me by my name .
come on bean hands , he said .
he had nt brought that up , but i knew it was only a matter of time before bean hands turned into pee hand .
jennifer stuffed another spoonful into her mouth and crunched into bean sprouts .
painted in yellow on the bricks of a house - side in lord mayor 's walk is the legendary advert nightly bile beans keep you healthy , bright - eyed and slim '' ha ! ''
caravan supplies of mystery meat and spices , additives for the bean - feasts travelers usually had for dinner every night .
when i heard this demographic factoid from mike gritty , i knew what it meant : somewhere in w hill , right now , a pierced - lipped , henna - haired young woman with nails painted for a black mass , was garnishing a lentil burger with bean sprouts and vegan russian dressing , and serving it to a scruffy - faced law student with a distressed leather satchel , while john mayer , or lana del rey , offered musical accompaniment .
keep a camera handy ; you ll want to post the bean faces , spinach rockets and sauerkraut montages on the fridge door .
chapter 15 the following afternoon i was sitting in my favorite vegetarian restaurant , eating my new favourite sandwich of falafel , bean sprouts , avocado and truffle oil , when i heard a voice say , is this seat taken ?
the boy sneezed again got him covered in phlegm so the next time his friend did eschew my friend found an odd kind of bean it was the biggest that i 'd ever seen but my friend , he just ate it and then he inflated then let loose ' til the whole town was green i had always thought my friend quaint for the methods she 'd use when she 'd paint she 'd gargle and spit and lick it a bit i 'd say more but you look like you 'll faint !
one was large and blue , and looked like a kidney bean .
the coffee bean that time and starbucks forgot a moment of silence please , for the coffee bean that time forgot .
the coffee bean that time and starbucks forgot a moment of silence please , for the coffee bean that time forgot .
ben , meanwhile , was having his own problems ; while we 'd been away , the deer had been munching peas and beans and corn in the garden .
beside her , a stocky guy with a terribly jumbled latino name was trying to whip up some gunk bernard called gyoza empanadas within a space barely large enough to house a mexican jumping bean .
daffyd thomas , a 12 year old scholar at westminster school , described in a letter to his mother in llanstinan , wales , the bean feast that took place before the coronation with himself as bean king .
daffyd thomas , a 12 year old scholar at westminster school , described in a letter to his mother in llanstinan , wales , the bean feast that took place before the coronation with himself as bean king .
towering over a plump , pink , jug - bearing woman was a huge black giant with a green object grasped in his fist , a green object that was either a bean - stalk or an enormous in - your - dreams - sized penis .
she was a founding member of the faculty of cultural studies , and marked the silver jubilee of her appointment with a series of lectures under the collective title of ` ` jack , jill , the bean stalk and me '' .
her thesis on the subject , ` ` jack and the bean stalk - the allegory of anti - capital '' , won the jorum institute 's gold medal and an appointment to the jorum chair of cultural studies .
the note stencilled beneath read : the bean king ( c. 1638 ) painted by the flemish artist jacob jordaens ( 1593 - 1678 ) shows a national folklore tradition , the feast of the bean king , held at epiphany .
and the bean stalk .
as the bedroom door swung towards her , veda noticed the stencilled slogan pinned to the woodwork , words of st julian of norwich : a l l s h a l l b e w e l l , a n d a l l s h a l l b e w e l l a n d a l l m a n n e r o f t h i n g s h a l l b e w e l l and beneath that , two postcards , one of ivanov 's painting of apollo and hyacinth from moscow 's tretyakov gallery and the other showing jacob jordaen 's bean king , 1638 . xij it was one of those relentlessly hot , oppressive july sundays which saps the strength , weakens the will and leads to total inaction .
jacob jordaens ' the bean king .
it was a reproduction of jacob jordaens ' the bean king , ( circa 1638 ) .
jankyn 's patron ( jedburgh ) was commissioned by the king to provide a masque for twelfth night to precede the bean feast , at which jankyn was elected bean king and tages bean prince .
barack backs beans in a surprise move , congress will meet in emergency session next week and be asked to pass a further stimulus package from iraq o ' barmy , who wants to secure approval for a 100 - billion dollar package to invest in magic beans .
however , barnacky fed bean insisted that the m. beans will create a wave of hope that will carry the nation through the storm of these turbulent economic seas and leave us safely of the beach of economic good times , and the tan of prosperity will soon follow .
and once i d started tucking in , i suddenly forget all about jed and his mystery character for i loved the broad bean pate starter and i do nt normally like broad beans because they remind me of junior school science class when we were growing them and i ate one for a dare but it was yucky .
but in the spring , she would want to go out to the garden and plant a few beans and potatoes .
salt peter shot , offered burkemeister unimaginatively , and then they were off to talk of the coming corn harvest and the bean crop .
she had a rather long list this time , and he labored through grapefruit and lemons , romaine lettuce and spinach , even finding the little packages of bean sprouts .
joe was relieved when thomas wife came in to invite them to file singly through the myriad rooms to the kitchen where she served corn and bean soup with bread and an herb that tasted like a mint and a hot pepper .
grandmas potatoes were exceptionally delicious because she used a bit of half and half in addition to straight 2 percent milk and the bean salad was always fun with her addition of nopalitos ( deneedled , skinned , spiced , and julienned prickly pear cactus ) to the mix .
next , we plant the beans and carrots , covering the seeds with soil and marking the rows .
at night i listen to morgens stories of the bean plants progress and the tiny flowers on the tomato plants .
jeremiah followed timmie , noting that beans was very deliberate in his efforts to stay on the edge of the grass , out of the glade .
it was beans , who answered .
from among the hundreds of long straight pods , bett selected a small curled bean .
although he was nt really a string bean , he was nt quite as large as his brothers .
the way the bean sprouts swayed languorously in the breeze , the distant line of trees hinting of a hidden stream , the weathered planks of barns that had seen better days , the rising heat shimmering the air , the rod - straight road of sticky black asphalt trailing away into infinity .
do you do other types of spice packets , say for lentils or pinto beans ?
he went and got a couple of heineken longnecks , and we sat watching the women eighty feet away mucking about the pole beans and cherry tomatoes .
and the smell of him is like a weight a heavy odor she ca n't quite identify there are images and sensations associated with that scent all tangled up in her memory of him coffee beans laundry brought in out of the rain broad hands caressing her bare thigh seared meat smoky and tender mothballed sweaters ink - stained fingertips musty old paper like the comforting smell of a treasured childhood book .
he carefully propped his cigarette in a burning state on the edge of one of those bean bag ashtrays with a plaid bottom which was on the nightstand and rolling on his side lurched off the bed .
she ripped them apart with a wrist movement almost as though they were crisp green bean pods and she were wearing an apron and sitting in a chair on her front porch at home in ohio , snapping them into a bowl for her families supper .
the white bean was tiny , that beautiful bean shape , a sort of echo of the human body in its curves .
they thought he was fertilizing the prison bean patch or something of the like .
ana eyed mckenzies dish ; he was making a mess of the bnh xo , turmeric crepe fried to a crisp then stuffed with shrimp , bean sprouts and fresh herbs .
they had gone to the parking lot and had already stuffed the bags of groceries into the trunk : bean sprouts and ginger and bok choy and hoisin sauce - then bryan remembered .
drawn in by vibrant images of ripe , red tomatoes , baskets heaped full of succulent cucumbers , peas , green beans , sweet corn , and pumpkins too large to carry , he would read every description imagining how wonderful the harvest would taste .
the casual man - about - town wore bean boots with molded - rubber bottoms .
those baskets of pole beans and okra did nt drop out of the sky .
she took a bite of something that included bean sprouts , raisins , and an unidentifiable fruit .
anything with bean sprouts in it was something that he considered horses , goats , and other farm animals should be eating .
it was a castor bean , is nt that right , ms . bailey ?
he told me that the castor bean poison had been mixed into the frosting and that that would make me the best suspect , chemistry and baking .
chapter eleven -- i noticed a small , fenced vegetable garden by the house ; at a glance , i saw lima beans , cucumbers , tomatoes , and sweet potatoes , along with some japanese eggplant , growing there .
once she started shoveling rice and bean sprouts and bamboo shoots and bell pepper and tofu and cornstarch sauce into her mouth , she almost could nt stop to accept the tea cup .
the behemoth engines on wheels did nt resemble any tractor i had ever seen , and they certainly had never plowed a row of corn , beans , or potatoes .
he was a bean counter , naturally , but the eighties was the decade of the bean counters and property speculators , and wennerstrom had not made a significantly big splash .
` ` you tapped jelly bean ? ''
` ` the bean thing ? ''
fortunately for me i did n't have to wait long and campus security had already passed my direction without so much as a pause because twenty minutes into my vigil the doors opened a group of dudes that looked like they had emptied out a j crew store and topped it off with all off l.l bean 's winter line came pouring out .
the second is a plain , bean shaped pool with an area for chairs and a table .
and you have to moisturize , neenee bean , day and night .
sara shrugs as she takes an elegant bite of her bean sprout wrap .
bigger than lizzy 's baby ( i recently received a text 'd image of something that looked like a lima bean ) .
daddy , daddy , did miss abby tell you i get to plant another lima bean ?
she pulled her daddy and abby away from the rest of the group , over to the area in the back yard where she wanted to plant her lima bean .
taking a deep breath , he figured now was an appropriate time to bring up something he d wanted to ask her after they d replanted madisons lima bean last weekend .
shed been tending to the lima bean plant for months now and was so proud of how much it had grown .
today helped clear the waves : dorrie took me to the bean tree a small caf- book store in middletown where emmet prices paintings are displayed and for sale .
btw : pen did love black licorice and jelly beans : ( i still miss her so much .
trellises were carefully tended , supporting climbing tomatoes and beans .
he never hesitated to plant a new variety of peppers or beans if she wanted to try it .
we were walking along the aisles of the old city market in the historic district and vendors hawked goods ranging from benne wafers and dried bean soups to handmade jewelry and artwork in their distinctly southern , laid - back way .
shrubs and taller grasses for texture and built elements ; perhaps a treillage walkway or an arbour covered in laburnum or wisteria for vertical interest until the trees could gain some height , and obelisks for training flowering climbers like sweetpeas or bean plants .
and there would be a potager with beds of vegetables laid out in sandwich - shaped triangles , upright frames for beans and peas , and , as in all the other rooms more perennial borders around the edges to provide all year colour and interest .
the blades chewed through the roots of canadian thistle and leafy spurge , noxious weeds that cass knew she 'd have to get rid of before she began planting beans , melons and squash .
i saw a bean goose last year .
the ground had begun to level out here ; there were open spots in the jungle , and in one of these small clearings , he saw what were plainly crops : mounds of curling vines that might be yams , bean - poles , the big yellow flowers of squash or gourds .
the garlic , raw egg , and cayenne pepper combination stank so bad he held his breath as he squirted it on the rows of snap beans and limas , the potato greens , the carrot and radish tops .
maverick was playing in some poker game in the carry bean , as the boys called it .
the lettuce leaves had started to sprout and mary jo had planted pole beans , corn and peas earlier in the week .
peggy uncoiled the garden hose and moved carefully between the rows of leaf lettuce , sweet peas and pole beans .
her skin had turned gold , and it stretched and tore as she hurtled upward like the bean stalk from the old fairy tale , and where her skin tore , golden ichor leaked from the wounds .
she gathered the ripe tomatoes from her small garden and checked the bean vines ; the green beans would need gathering in another day or so .
from here , she could see that dorothy 's small vegetable garden was teeming with growth : bright red tomatoes , green beans , rows of leafy broccoli .
` ` are you going to ask them to remove the non - existent bean sprouts from your sandwich ? ''
caroline cast her gaze over the endless fields of beans on either side of the road .
i mean we 're taking dicky 's rug up to warm the room , '' she corrected herself quickly in a strangled tone and then , because she could n't lie worth beans , babbled , ` ` the guest room .
i imagine vast gardens planted in the dugouts , bursting with carrots and beans .
there were community gardens , and if you were a seasonal camper , you could get your own little eight - by - eight plot of land that would be good for growing your salads , your beans , and your tomatoes .
my back ached , my knees creaked like hinges , my fingernails were caked with dirt , and strands of hair stuck to my neck and cheeks - but the new crops of pole beans , onions , turnips , and radishes were planted , the cabbages weeded and culled , and a dozen large peanut bushes had been pulled up and hung to dry on the garden palisades , safe from marauding squirrels .
besides , bean is n't a hybrid . ''
` ` bean is sharing angel juice with nina .
i was sad that she would n't be there for bean 's birth .
alfred willis , the distinguished - looking widower they 'd hired to run the red bean , set an espresso down next to jamie .
` ` uh ... beans and franks .
` ` just because she 's a celebrity does n't mean she eats tofu and bean sprouts . ''
her instrument rating did n't count for beans when the airport shut down before she could get the wheels up .
she grew tomatoes and onions , turnips and beans , cabbage and corn , and in the summers , it was impossible to see the road that fronted the house from the living room .
my sister 's a bit of a string bean and obnoxious at times , but she has a good heart . ''