he leads me to a small pond shaded by a weeping beech .
the car turned off into the weald , into the high dark trees , a mixture of beech and oak it seemed , with even some light flowering fruit trees that he could not clearly see .
he could hear leaves rustle in the copper beech tree overhead .
tristran said a silent thank you to the oak tree whose branch had fallen , to the copper beech and to pan of the forests , and then he asked the driver if he would give him a ride through the forest .
but the chance to go stomping about the old - growth forest he had heard about as a boy from his father was stronger than his belief that the two women were going to hit him over the head and bury him - even if there was a shovel propped against the wall beside a slim beech , its roots carefully wrapped in burlap .
it was a tremendous beech , still standing straight and gray , its thicker branches yet holding up the sky .
it was at his ` ` ah , '' which only apollo could make sexy , belatedly , my eyes traveled over his lusciousness wearing his deep green sweater and brown beeches , and i lost focus on my task .
alders and beeches dotted the property ; wildflowers bloomed on the hillside .
he 'd picked up a deer trail through the heather earlier in the morning , but it had disappeared in a stony fall near a brae , and now he was coming back toward the house ; he was behind the hill on which the broch stood , this side of it thick with a little wood of beech and pine .
the lower slopes were forested with beeches , alders , and stout caledonian pines , but up this high there was neither shade nor shelter , and a strong , cold wind battered him as he climbed .
just a pebbled beech with a few buoys and lobster nets tied to a mooring .
the nearest torch bearer was no more than ten feet away now and bear led her behind what could only be the trunk of a huge beech tree .
she untied herself from the upper trunks of a huge beech tree and climbed down , heading off in the direction of the fire .
the countryside returned to the old familiar woods and hills of her birthplace , lazy rivers snaking off into a blue horizon , oak and beech and pine all growing up amongst the thick tussocks and over grown woodland .
* after a ten mile march to the east , the unit stopped in a clearing amongst large beech and cedars , a clearing made by men .
he came to a thin belt of younger trees ( alders , he thought , or perhaps beeches - he was a city boy , and the only thing he knew for sure about trees was that some had leaves and some had needles ) and discovered a path through them .
there were handholds in the bark , and the boys went up the big beech like a couple of monkeys or pirates or warriors .
the entire street ahead looked overgrown and forgotten , densely forested with beech and birch , thick with broad - leaf bushes and tangles of wild roses .
the mix of towering beech and aspen made for a handsome scenic drive , especially now , in october , when the leaves were changing .
as they approached the lowlands at the base of the huge mountain , they increasingly came across groves of beech and elm .
as the sun was going down , they struck camp and waited at the edge of the beech grove for it to get dark .
as he thundered through the green arendish countryside , past neat , thatch - roofed villages and groves of beech and maple , he cast an appraising eye toward the gray , scudding clouds overhead , and the first faint hints of a plan began to form in his mind .
high rocky bluffs rose twenty feet above them , crowned by stands of beech , oak , and chestnut .
they dangled under ash and alder , beech and birch , larch and elm , hoary old willows and stately chestnut trees .
the sound of the waves washing against a rocky shore was in her blood , but there were no waves at deepwood motte ... only the trees , the endless trees , soldier pines and sentinels , beech and ash and ancient oaks , chestnut trees and ironwoods and firs .
as instructed she turned in at the old wrought iron gates and drove up a winding driveway lined with ancient beeches , at the top of the hill stood the eighteenth century manor house .
by three o'clock , it was afternoon break time and chrissy had just taken some sugar cookies out of the oven.-the recipe was one of grandmother thornes from the beautiful cookbook she had fixed for chrissy as a wedding gift.-they smelled delicious and chrissy decided johnny , ed , ramon and the other two workers would enjoy one while they were on break.-as she came down the steps from the front door , she noticed a big black car coming up the driveway they had built from her dads place to their new house site.-the men were sitting in the shade of a big old beech tree just on the east side of the house and trailer.-the men were unaware of the car coming up the drive from the north until it was almost to the house site and the passengers in the car could nt see the men until they got almost to the end of the structure.-when they saw the men under the tree , the man on the passenger side stuck an assault rifle out the window and began shooting.-ramon jumped up and began running , realizing immediately what was happening.-he started to run toward the trees at the other end of the house ; but he suddenly realized that while that was his best chance of getting away , it would also put chrissy in the direct line of fire .
it was approached by way of a gatehouse and a quarter mile of winding driveway lined with ancient beeches .
it was largely overgrown and followed the tall beech , oak and ash trees .
with its thriving contortions of brambles , vines and imposing cedars and beeches , it was impossible for the uninitiated to know where their backyard ended and the woods of sacksville began like the brothers themselves , the backyard was choked in a wilderness that was primitive without being natural .
danish to the core : painted red and white and nestling in a little glade of young birch trees within an ancient beech forest .
the car lurches and stalls as billy 's foot slips off the clutch , its bonnet buried in a thickly matted wall of hawthorn and beech .
james bond idled through the pretty approaches to royale , through the young beeches and the heavy - scented pines , looking forward to the evening and remembering his other annual pilgrimages to this place and , particularly , the great battle across the baize he had had with le chiffre so many years ago .
but then the colt spoke its single word , and the killer and his bsa , as if lassoed from within the forest , veered crazily off the road , leapt the ditch and crashed head - on into the trunk of a beech .
he took up his stand in the shadow of the big beech .
among the spruce and silver birch there was an occasional oak and beech and sycamore and , here and there , the blazing bengal fire of a maple in autumn dress .
` ` you goddam austrian beech -- '' ` ` do n't dare insult my country , you italian toad . ''
there was no planking available so they covered the top layer with whatever was at hand : branches from the stinkwood tree , limbs from the cape beech , large leaves from the marula .
over a crest in the road they dropped back into another valley , thick stands of misty beech towering on either side .
the castle was situated toward the northwest corner , surrounded by dense forests of birch , beech , and poplar .
the car beech had been driving was owned by a young lady he was not married to .
jo roy spicer , finn yarber , hatlee beech .
spicer asked beech .
asked justice beech .
asked beech .
he waved it for beech and yarber to see .
it was decided that beech would work on the new story for a few days , then write a rough draft of the next letter to curtis .
in short order he 'd become the official attorney for all dime - spicer , beech , and yarber .
three years , one month , one week , and beech was still counting the days in as opposed to the days to go .
in the end , no one stood up for the honorable hadee beech .
not bad , thought beech .
` ` both sides are unhappy '' beech and spicer stood too , and the brethren paraded out of the cafeteria .
the money gave new life to beech and yarber .
the letter from quince garbe in iowa was read by beech : ` ` ' dear ricky ( or whoever the hell you are ) : i do n't have any more money .
two pages of the same crap beech had been writing for five months .
after three years on the inside of a prison hadee beech agonized over many of the people he 'd thrown the book at .
` ` yarber said to beech .
get to town , beech and spicer had told him , and find different clothes .
argrow looked around and did not see beech and yarber .
they found beech waiting in line in the cafeteria , holding his plastic tray and staring forlornly at the crude piles of freshly scrambled eggs .
when yarber finished reading the indictment , he interrupted beech and made him read it .
argrow left the room , and spicer took the paper to beech , who examined it carefully their loot was now safely guarded by the first coast bank of panama .
not the slightest sound from either beech or yarber .
the bell startled beech , spicer , and yarber , but it did n't wake them .
` ` the account will be in my name only '' argrow looked at beech and spicer , and they nodded their approval .
spicer had a straw hat and a yellow tee shirt of some variety beech , the republican , wore khaki shorts , a knit pullover , and a golf cap .
` ` i 'll call you tomorrow '' beech and spicer ate seafood in a restaurant crowded with people much younger .
that afternoon , beech and spicer flew to atlanta .
oak , beech , chestnut , ash .
with a bit of apprehension , she began the trudge upward , using the tight growth of pines and beech to help her over the roughest of the terrain .
she strode past the purple beeches and the weeping willows into the center of the old graveyard and looked around her with feverish eyes .
the limbs of the oaks and beeches lashed together wildly .
they sat and cuddled , right under the open sky , even with a maple tree and a clump of slender waving beeches nearby .
oaks and hickories , white pine and beech .
it seemed as if everything , the leaden sky , the oaks and purple beeches , the ground itself , was connected to him , as if he drew power from all of it .
chapter 4 flying down hawthorne , i drove past my house , circled back , cut over to beech , and headed back toward the center of coldwater .
meet me at the mexican restaurant on the corner of drake and beech . ''
an hour later i slid into a corner booth at the mexican restaurant on the corner of drake and beech .
at the corner of hawthorne and beech , i saw signs of life as cars zipped along on their morning commute .
chapter 14 once back inside coldwater 's city limits , i drove the mustang across town and took beech to deacon .
i walked the mile stretch to beech , then caught a bus to herring street .
eureka recognized the method from the xylography class she 'd once taken with diana - though these illustrations were far more intricate than anything eureka had been able to carve into her stubborn block of beech .
like so many of the island 's residences , 58 shoal was imposing - a starchy victorian with bay windows , protected by a stately gathering of beeches and silver lindens .
thomas gratton 's mouth works as if he 'd like to say something to beech about the scene , but he does n't .
i am mesmerized by the utter unawareness of the entire process , the childlike pleasure beech takes in a job ill done .
` ` what about beech ? ''
` ` are you upset about beech ? ''
so i just pat her neck and tell beech thank you .
` ` they 'll have your room , '' peg says to beech as soon as he comes in .
the collie is now frolicking around my feet with great friendliness , very eager to have the sock , and i realize that this is what beech and tommy were fooling around with earlier .
pleased to be so easily forgiven , he grins and whips it without pause to beech , who loses it to the dog .
i find myself wondering what drives tommy to leave the island ; he does n't have the brooding of gabe or the sulkiness of beech .
i wonder if there used to be more of beech here , but he packed it all away to take with him to the mainland .
standing under the beech tree , it felt like she was the beech , like the rain rolled off her leaves and off the bark , smooth as skin against her own .
from here , she saw a candle around the other side of the tree , nestled in the bare snake - roots of the beech .
carefully , she stepped over the exposed knots of the beech 's roots , and then she laid her palm on its smooth , gray bark .
like the tree behind her house , this beech 's bark was as cold as winter and oddly comforting .
chapter 41 after leaving monmouth manufacturing , blue returned home and retreated to the far side of the beech in the backyard to try to do homework .
he joined in immediately , and turned his back firmly and deliberately toward the beech .
` ` i heard from some ivy , '' poppy answered , ` ` and from a beech sapling just yonder . ''
by midday , the woodland had closed to a forest of oak and beech and the marshland was behind us .
p-51 mustangs , corsairs , world war i biplanes , messherschmidts , c47s , b52s , c141 starlifters , harrier av8s , piper cubs , cessnas , beeches , learsall of them .
elm , beech , ash , linden and others towered above .
most were leafless but some appeared half evergreen , and othersthe beeches at leastretained many of last year 's faded leaves .
the car coming up the quarter mile driveway through the aisle of old beeches intruded on his thoughts .
the breakfast room was not a large room but it was enhanced by the huge bay window complete with window seat overlooking the south paddock with a view to the fields beyond rimmed with ancient oak and beech .
other than the occasional disturbance of a stone or beech - nut , the ground was comfortable underfoot ; a thick mat of many years ' fallen leaves covered the earth , slowly decaying into a soft mulch .
marvell was seating down on the wet grass , in front of a muddy small lake , near a weeping willow ( the pound was made of willows , which were connected beautifully with the forest , like an oasis of willows in the middle off the oaks and beeches forest ) .
he stomped the excess water out of his leather boots before starting up the hill through the big oaks and beeches growing between the rock faces and huge boulders that littered the mountain side .
brad had taken only two steps onto the flat when the ruffed grouse rocketed out of the oak and beech leaves fifty or sixty yards away and then continued to sail downhill to take refuge in an isolated stand of hemlock and firs .
shivering slightly , he replaced them and they continued on their way , silent , until they reached the thick hedging of hawthorn and beech that surrounded gullivans property , now under planted with another bush that was studded with vicious thorns the size of four - inch nails .
other trees , now nude , supplied a rich appearance to the forest floor , while lighter beech and beige dogwood leaves as well as the darker oaks and hickories furnished the majority of material .
she carried hunks of driftwood up from the lake shore , tore the prickly lower limbs off hemlocks , and snapped all kinds of branches from maples , oaks and beeches , both green and dried , all vying for the opportunity to become her scepter .
i scrambled up the side of the beech and forced myself to look into the hole .
he probably would nt have minded one bit if she had stayed locked up in that beech .
she kept running her fingers over the splintery hunk of wood she had salvaged from the ruined beech , fondling it like a kitten .
all that was evident of wendell was a bulge ten feet up the trunk of the still growing tree , leaves toothed , its bark smooth and graya beech .
what would they think about the hundred foot beech tree swaying in the breeze in the middle of the soccer field ?
see that big beech in the middle of the field .
at nightfall they made a bed of ferns at the foot of a spreading beech and slept under its sheltering branches , protected from the misty autumn rain .
in places , settlers had hacked out large clearings that now contained farms and villages and small towns , but the trees loomed on every side , mighty oaks and elms and beeches .
the ancient beech , maple , and oak trees soared overhead , creating broad , shady canopies .
the tree is pretty large , a beech i think , and although it does have a few branches and knots to hold , it looks beyond the tree climbing adventures of my childhood .
large knurl - trunked beech towered high overhead .
then they found themselves in taller woodland , mainly birch and alder and these gave way eventually to tall oaks and beech .
his reports were , at first , about them : describing them with a geographers eye : the rise of her chest , the bend and curve and play of flesh around hip and legs , legs like hilly islands or skinny peninsulas or supple beeches swaying in a peppy windin full description : the taste of their breasts , the hunger of their lips , the yielding of their womanly mouths , the swimming up and down their backs and backsides and the tickling of their feetbut he knew more , knew what it was he was charged to discover , and so he set about as if his own body was the quill : faithful to this reportage : deeply would he plunge within her , testing her , finding out how she received him , what it was she wanted to have from himwas it terror , fear , submission , a moment of blind servitude or freedom , liberation , redemptionhappiness ?
a ring of smoke - blue mountains closed off the view in the far distance , but from their ideal vantage point all the bowl of the valley was spread in a circle around them almost like a living map , its gentler hills furred by yellowing beeches and smaller stands of evergreens , a few white - skinned birches stark among them .
a beech burst out like a fungus , matured , rotted , and fell in a cloud of tinder dust amid its struggling offspring .
the tree behind her was a beech , smooth and unclimbable .
it 's sitting in the big beech by the privy ; i should like you to put out some food for it . ''
it was nothing special , as woods go , being mostly full - grown beech , although once you know that beech drips unpleasant poisons on the ground beneath it to keep it clear it 's not quite the timber you thought it was .
whenever they got low the mate would signal up to the pilot , and they 'd put in near some ramshackle little cabin surrounded by big stacks of split beech or oak or chestnut , and marsh or jonathan jeffers would go ashore and dicker with the woodyard man .
the boy was n't much for dickering ; marsh got beech from him at cottonwood prices , and made him throw in some pine knots too .
the reynolds herself stopped once to load up her neary - empty main deck with twenty cords of fresh - cut beech , and when she pushed back out into the river the lights of the fevre dream had receded to a vague reddish blur on the black waters ahead .
you could n't just run her straight out against another fast boat , you had to be smart , you had to get a lightnin ' pilot who knew all the cutoffs and how to shave them close , and maybe you bought up all the beech so the other boat could n't get nothing but cottonwood , or maybe you had some lard in reserve .
it looked like the new - opened leaf of a beech - tree , fair and strange in that treeless plain .
to the beeches of neldoreth i came in the autumn .
the ents were as different from one another as trees from trees : some as different as one tree is from another of the same name but quite different growth and history ; and some as different as one tree - kind from another , as birch from beech ; oak from fir .
no peace shall i have again under beech or under elm . '
or there maybe ' t is cloudless night and swaying beeches bear the elven - stars as jewels white amid their branching hair .
they stepped out of the beech - grove in which they had lain , and passed on to a long green lawn , glowing in sunshine , bordered by stately dark - leaved trees laden with scarlet blossom .
she looked at the beech under which she was standing .
pale birch - girls were tossing their heads , willowwomen pushed back their hair from their brooding faces to gaze on aslan , the queenly beeches stood still and adored him , shaggy oak - men , lean and melancholy elms , shockheaded hollies ( dark themselves , but their wives all bright with berries ) and gay rowans , all bowed and rose again , shouting , ` ` aslan , aslan ! ''
and of course your bursar was out , and by that time the big beech had been cut down .
they left the unfenced road beyond sandown and went across grass and finally came to rest in a sort of little grassy bay with a fir thicket on one side and a group of beeches on the other .
hirilorn a great beech - tree in the forest of neldoreth with three trunks .
then he rose up and went to seek thingol ; and he found him sitting with melian under hirilorn , the great beech of menegroth .
now above the portals of his cavernous hall was a steep slope falling to the river , and there grew mighty beeches ; and one there was that was named hirilorn , the queen of trees , for she was very mighty , and so deeply cloven was her bole that it seemed as if three shafts sprang from the ground together and they were of like size , round and straight , and their grey rind was smooth as silk , unbroken by branch or twig for a very great height above men 's heads .
now the sun died and behold , i came to that most magic wood where once the ageless oaks stood firm amid the later growths of beech and slender trees of birch , but all were fallen beneath the ruthless axes of unthinking men .
the trees changed to beech and oak , and hire was a comfortable feeling in the twilight .
about four days from the enchanted stream they came to a part where most of the trees were beeches .
the beeches were their favourite trees .
there the great beeches came right down to the bank , till their feet were in the stream .
the other bore leaves of a young green like the new - opened beech ; their edges were of glittering gold .
the pillars of menegroth were hewn in the likeness of the beeches of orome , stock , bough , and leaf , and they were lit with lanterns of gold .
this mighty beech was named hirilorn , and it had three trunks , equal in girth , smooth in rind , and exceeding tall ; no branches grew from them for a great height above the ground .
now of old the name of that forest was greenwood the great , and its wide halls and aisles were the haunt of many beasts and of birds of bright song ; and there was the realm of king thranduil under the oak and the beech .
both charlotte and the highwayman had finally quieted , and now there was nothing but the soft rustle of the wind through the copper beeches , the sound of rain pitter - pattering into the puddled ruts .
the wind drove through the vale in which ravenscombe nestled , tearing off a roof tile here , snapping branches from a copper beech there , whistling up and over the high downs and through the gatehouse of blackheath , where it made the roses in the garden thrash and bob , moaned around the mighty castle , rattled the windows in their casements , pummeled the ancient stone with rain .
sirona glanced around at the gnarled branches of the great oaks and beeches twined with ivy , black bryony and sacred mistletoe .
the firmer lands flourished with trees and plants , whether in the form of forests of beech and pine trees or rolling pastures speckled with shrubs of golden flowers .
she lives at the beeches , the man suddenly blurted out .
they followed the newsagent 's directions and as soon as evie saw the beeches , she recognised it .
evie had looked beautiful in priscilla 's christening gown , she 'd cried the devil out of her and fell asleep as soon as everyone went back to the beeches for tea and sandwiches .
what there were a lot of , however , were beeches .
it was not a dense wood , mainly ash and beech .
douglas strove to avoid the wreckage , stopping to gaze at the purple splendour of copper beech trees contrasting with the bright yellow of larch .
it 's surrounded with silver birch with clumps of rhododendrons , the ancient copper beech trees leading into the forest . '
passing the purple glory of the copper beeches , the darkness of the rhododendrons interspersed with the silvery bark of the birches , she looked out for the deer that would wander through to the luscious meadows now filled with the scents and colours of wild flowers , the pinks , purples , reds and white inviting one to roam , touch and smell .
there just under a weeping beech , or upside down tree , stood four women clustered together .
the hollow is filled with hardwood trees , the majority being american beech .
* * * they came into suana as the shadows thickened in the valley , into the sunken roads between deeply scored walls of soft tufa , where brown - leaved beeches whispered overhead ; a painted mermaid glowered at them from a tomb , a contemptuous lion from another .
tall beeches , with round smooth trunks , stood thick and close upon the dry and rising ground ; their boughs met overhead , forming a green continuous arch for miles .
as they came into this beautiful place a red stag , startled from his browsing , bounded down the track , his swift leaps carried him away like the wind ; in another moment he left the path and sprang among the fern , and was seen only in glimpses as he passed between the beeches .
there were several glades , from one of which they startled a few deer , whose tails only were seen as they bounded into the underwood , but after the glades came the beeches again .
beeches always form the most beautiful forest , beeches and oak ; and though nearing the end of their journey , they regretted when they emerged from these trees and saw the castle before them .
beeches always form the most beautiful forest , beeches and oak ; and though nearing the end of their journey , they regretted when they emerged from these trees and saw the castle before them .
it was not enclosed , but a neatherd was there with his cattle half a mile away , sitting himself at the foot of a beech , while the cattle grazed below him .
as the evening fell it began to get very cold , and the growing twilight seemed to merge into one dark mistiness the gloom of the trees , oak , beech , and pine , though in the valleys which ran deep between the spurs of the hills , as we ascended through the pass , the dark firs stood out here and there against the background of late - lying snow .
streaming files of wild ducks began to make their appearance high in the air ; the bark of the squirrel might be heard from the groves of beech and hickory- nuts , and the pensive whistle of the quail at intervals from the neighboring stubble field .
we went into the forest , moving into single file through the beech and yellow birch .
once they buy the house from old commander beech ( donald crisp , who plays the ultimate curmudgeon ) , roderick and pamela begin to hear some of the town gossip about their house .
his fancies made him wander , as he had wandered long ago , from the fields into the wood , tracking a little path between the shining undergrowth of beech - trees ; and the trickle of water dropping from the limestone rock sounded as a clear melody in the dream .
here they had walked , helen and rachel , along this quiet causeway , upon the pavement of green turf , shut in on either side by high banks of red earth , and tall hedges of shining beech , and here i followed in their steps , looking out , now and again , through partings in the boughs , and seeing on one side the sweep of the wood stretching far to right and left , and sinking into the broad level , and beyond , the yellow sea , and the land over the sea .
some stuff she knew because her mother had told her : the birches , the beeches , the alders , the spruces and pines ; the hollow hammering of a woodpecker and the harsh cawing cry of the crows ; the creaky - door sound of the crickets as the day began to darken ... but what was everything else ?
berries and beech - nuts the size of sunflower seeds were all very well , but they were n't enough .
elm , beech , birch ?
she has come a long way to marry the surfboard man and live in this tropical place where oaks and beeches and luna park are only a memory , but where the bamboo grows palpably overnight and the fields of sugar cane line the roads and their mauve flower spikes wave in the breeze .
he threaded dangerously between ash and oak , beech and alder , crunched through picnics and sent flying bottles of warm lemonade , coke and cider , throats erupting in his wake , spittle and foam casting surf on the humid air , suspended for hours like toy clouds or wool snagged on fishing lines , the thunder of voices slow to materialize , fast to decompose as he broke from the storm his passage stirred and sped over the bowling green , nearly tripping .
he was running flat out through a forest that only came up to his knees , bare feet crushing centuries - old poplars and beech , birds scattering like dust motes as he ducked under clouds .
names like earl and jarvis and cookie and beech cropped up often , concealed within codenamed addresses like theonepeach and holdem , rangerrover09 and missytootoo22 .
a beech , for example , tall and expansive though it is , can only be what finds itself immediately below its branches .
not through the nightearlier on his dream had been more like nightmare ; a dripping , dark , red , insistent , laughing , chasing , storm - driven thing that had all but smothered himbut toward morning , on his way for the surface , he found himself walking in a light beech forest .
somewhere inside that thing , which she recognizes as her body , bruised and burned by ropes , bleeding from uncaring passing back and forth between intruders , unbreathing to make them leave , with the help of perhaps a distant beech forest , hiddenly breathing its air instead of the air here in this room , this foul air of lust and desperation , breathing instead the silverly shafted air of her greenly domed sanctuary .
as he emerged into the daylight the sight of the great beeches and elms were worth the few minutes in the tunnel , they overhung the line in great masses ; squirrels chased and played in the branches gathering their stores of nuts for winter , birds chattered and trilled to each other in the leafy canopy .
with this in mind , he pitched our tents well off the trail , behind a stand of beech , or far out upon a river flat , our voices muffled by the roar of the adjacent river .
here the land had been cleared to produce large paddocks that encroached into the original mountain beech forest .
everywhere there were ribbed trunks of beech - trees , becoming more stunted with altitude , but useful to grab hold to maintain balance .
but then there were the black , gray and yellow birches and , of course , the american hornbean , also known as musclewood , ironwood or blue beech .
once they had advanced for a considerable time between the tall trunks of the oaks and beeches , the girl took the hand of the young man .
the roving archery match in cardell chase was a delightful prospect : she imagined herself moving like a wood - nymph under the beeches ( in appreciative company ) , and the scene lent a charm to any further advances by grandcourt .
when the groups began to scatter themselves through the light and shadow made by beeches and oaks , a painter would have been glad to look on .
they were soon passed by , on the way to a fine grove of beeches , where the archers found plenty of marks .
in a few minutes she was in the beech grove again , but her party had gone out of sight .
i must be calmer , to see through the lies but they interrupt my thoughts like the birches and beeches interrupt my vision .
the route to pine lake passes through one stretch of beech that reminded me of the nave of a great gothic cathedral .
heading north for some reason , the forest dark with pines along the shore but glowing on the hilltops in maple and beech , the water clear and dark with mysteries .
they came through the yellow beech and through the maples of heart - stopping orange .
oaks , sycamores and beeches dotted well - tended lawns bordered by tarmacked paths and signposted at every junction .
i chased around them only to see her run off towards a gazebo beneath a tall beech .
the morning sun , poking through the beeches and maples , turned the stream to gold .
we dodged swamp and dense underbrush , then made good progress through a beech and maple forest .
tal had seen the man pause and kneel down by the large tree roots from his hiding place behind an uprooted and ivy - clad beech stump .
she sat down on a bench near the monument and looked out across the vast expanse of the vale of aylesbury , to her left the long , snaking ridge of the chilterns spread westwards , their slopes covered with beech and spruce .
the car in front of her nearly skidded into an ancient purple beech tree which stuck out into the curve which wound its way around the pond .
as it was , he waited until the meal was finished , and took the letter with him out into the garden , where he finally opened it beneath a copper beech .
servant , henryk van humperdinck grey was still sitting under the copper beech when one of the footmen came out with a tea tray .
the folly , a miniature greek temple , had been erected by some forgotten architect , and while the site had much to recommend it in summer , being surrounded by copper beeches and with a view of the lake , it was an inconvenient distance from the house , and no one had visited it in months .
it was a view he liked , when the weather was clear enough to see it : the big old house couched comfortably in its grove of copper beeches , the silver of the water beyond , rippling in the wind , its lacy edging of cattails spattered with blackbirds in spring and summer , their clear high song reaching him if the breeze lay right .
the day was cold and windy but bright , and leaves from the copper beeches flew past in wild flurries , as though pursued .
41 a moonlicht flicht it was not yet teatime , but the sun hovered just above the leafless copper beeches ; the dark came earlier every day .
there was mountgerald in the distance , the big house looking precisely as he had always known it , save that the great copper beeches that would in future surround the house had not yet been planted ; instead , a row of spindly italian cypresses leaned dismally against the garden wall , looking homesick for their sunny birthplace .
the place was sparely but beautifully furnished with smooth wood furniture of birch or beech and lots of subdued lighting .
red maple , beech , slippery elm - cassie could identify many of them now .
it was mostly pine and fir trees , with the occasional beech shining silvery gray against the darkness of the background .
birch and beech and oak , the native trees of massachusetts , grew thickly all around .