he pushed into her a final time with his own cry of triumph and they came together with an intensity that shocked autumn to the roots of her soul .
autumn flushed to the roots of her hair but ethan laughed .
she wrenched her gaze away , the heat in her face telling her she had flushed to the roots of her hair .
ellis was the root of all her current distress , though .
pushing the curtains back , i found the root of my problem .
` ` but now , '' he ventured , ` ` you want to find your roots .
this time he was ditching the image of the grand ceo of kent industries and going back to his roots .
he asked , determined to get at the root of why she was so afraid to commit to a physical relationship with him .
it lifted his hair at the roots .
guess she was getting back to her roots , like her momma had done for so many years .
at the roots , her hair was as black as his .
had taken root , but he remembered it as an always - there kind of feeling .
it always came back to the root of everything - our demise .
while part of her wanted a new start , a fresh perspective , this is where she 'd earned her professional stripes , found a sense of belonging - and she knew she would always have the roots of her foundation here .
there was no mistaking his meaning , and karen flushed to the roots of her gleaming hair .
` ` and both wants have their roots in the past ... which definitely has not passed , nicole . ''
the luxury of it was supposed to sweeten her term here , but was n't there a saying - wealth is the root of all evil ?
money was not the root of all evil , daisy thought .
so he goes even deeper , until his thick shaft is buried all the way to the root .
maggie flushed right up to the roots of her hair , but it was fury , not embarrassment , staining her cheeks .
she called emily and , blushing to the roots of her hair , she showed the note to her .
julie protested hotly , flushing to the roots of her hair .
and in the midst of all the cheerful chaos , a comforting sense of belonging began to take root deep in victoria .
no , i- '' it finally occurred to john marchman what she thought , and he colored up clear to the roots of his hair .
` ` i know i need to touch up my roots . ''
everything about him screamed masculine , powerful , and bold from the roots of his hair down to the stride of his walk .
he seemed angry , and i could tell that when he got angry his true boston roots showed .
he confessed that he 'd always felt the need to find his roots . ''
i guess i needed a new foundation , and just five days ago i made a decision to use the money he 'd saved for me to come here , find my roots so to speak , in the country i lived my life dreaming i 'd one day live in , with a miraculously healed mother , a father and siblings .
infection with the state of circulation in his leg is taking root as we speak .
my numb mind would n't let me hold on to any thought , but several floated through my consciousness , trying to find root .
slowly , maddie began to move her hand up his shaft from the root to head of his member , driving a shiver down his spine .
her head was alight , tingling with the electricity that passed through seth 's fingers to the nerve endings buried at the roots of her hair .
it meant i 'd be working carpentry again , but hey , those are my roots .
i ' m proud of my roots . ''
his tone was charming and easy , a hint of a drawl revealing his texas roots .
she stopped walking , trembling from hair root to toe tip .
the two had been in various classes and clubs together , but a real friendship never quite took root because of how awkward lexi was with people .
jack thrust into me deeply stretching me wide as he filled me to his root .
and he might never admit it , but he craves setting down roots , which he 's never had .
ferruccio had said her mother 's expectations and actions had been at the root of her problems , that her attitude and surrender to her bitterness had exacerbated them .
tears filled her down to the roots of her being , with gratitude so fierce it was exquisite agony .
he tilted her hips , angled himself before he sank inside her to the root , hitting her inner triggers in a plunge that had him lodging into her womb .
has he sent his wild card to deal with the crisis ... at the root ? ''
at the confirmation in their eyes , a conviction took root .
pushing her hips back to meet his wild thrusts , she took him to the hilt , grinding against the root of him .
i used to be proud of my looks , my family , my roots .
i fisted him at the root , milking him with my hands and mouth , relishing the curses and moans that spilled from him .
and your roots are here as well .
i closed my eyes , feeling myself go red to the roots of my hair .
true to his italian roots , dominic prided himself on being a great cook .
after all , he could have sold her story a long time ago , told everyone about her trailer park roots , about her drunk mother , but he had n't .
maybe if dylan had been like his architect brother and realtor sister , whose lives were about putting down permanent roots , then that fantasy might have had a chance of coming true .
` ` grace- '' ` ` mason and i are just starting to set down roots .
ryder was still struggling with that being the root of suzanne 's anger .
she wondered if his newfound relationship with alex was the root of his support or if he just sensed the need in the sport .
that jet black hair framed a gorgeous face with glowing olive skin and sea green eyes befitting her mediterranean roots .
` ` a damn shame , not knowing your roots .
` ` returning to your roots ? ''
whether she was covering her costas roots with conservative clothes or , as now , dressing to fit in with her relatives , nothing with ari was ever as it seemed .
although zoe agreed that sam needed to refine her choice of words , she could n't help but fear that ryan 's demand had more ominous undertones , ones that had roots in his late sister 's behavior and the reasons she 'd run away from home .
after promising himself he would n't get involved with a woman who was n't capable of putting down roots , he 'd gone and done just that .
the sense of having roots in any particular place .
stability and a solid future were tied to this town , to having roots .
for a woman who 'd never put down roots , she now had plenty of ties to this small town .
` ` she told me that you were dealing with some difficult issues , needed time alone , and came home to find your mother 's roots . ''
that 's the root of the problem right there .
i blushed to the roots of my hair and gathered the courage to give him my gift .
` ` time , '' he shouted on a heavy groan , as his c**k slid into place , filling me all the way to the root , his balls slapping against my sex with a jolt .
forget the war of the roses , that historic battle was nothing compared to this war of the alphas , and i had a sick feeling that i was the root of the trouble .
he made a sound that was suspiciously close to a moan as i lowered my mouth around him , still stroking slowly at the root of his cock .
i mouthed him again , taking him deep , letting his tip nudge the back of my throat and then backing away , pumping at his root with ever - increasing speed .
and then , matching a thrust of his tongue into my mouth , he stroked into me , spearing me with his massive cock , sliding slowly so his head spread my pu**y apart and took him into me to the root .
i turned my head sideways and wrapped my lips around his girth , licking him with my tongue as i slid my mouth down to the root , then back up , taking him in my mouth until his tip hit the back of my throat .
i felt it from my fingertips and toes to the roots of my hair .
shane held himself at the root , keeping the condom in place as i slipped off of him , feeling the loss of his presence within me as an acute ache .
his strength was the root of my pleasure , vulnerable to his power in this position , held aloft by his arms .
he could tell by the way she bobbed her head over him so rapidly and hummed a tune of pure satisfaction in her throat , vibrating his cock clear to the root , making his spine tingle with excitement .
he drew the comb from root all the way to the drying ends that hung just above her waist .
he laved her clit with a rigid tongue , feeling the tingle deep at the root of his cock that reminded him that heaven was short - lived for mortals .
but we also need to keep getting at the root of the why for you .
the root of his problem .
` ` and now that you 're here , we can finally get back to our roots .
the waiter opened his mouth then closed it again while i blushed from the root of my hair to my toes .
back to the root of all evil .
it did n't take long to figure out the grandfather had had a lot of control over tierney 's life , and that was the root of the hatred .
leave it to sam to get to the root of the matter .
a brooklynite girl with a liberal arts degree from an obscure new england school , mostly untraveled , solidly middle - class roots -- someone like me was n't going to attract a man like tristan king .
although they each had their own history , no one really knew who had started the tradition or why , though it was most typically tied to pagan roots .
he buried himself to the root and i felt his hard c**k twitch as he released inside me .
i find that if i can get to the root of my client 's childhood fantasy , it gives me a sense of your expectations and makes for smooth sailing . ''
it 's my only root in reality right now .
his greedy gaze watched his finger follow the circle of her lips almost pressed against the root of his cock .
whenever ronin said such blatantly sexual things , she blushed from the roots of her hair to her toenails .
shibari / kinbaku is the technique of using ropes to create sensual , dramatic , and erotic bondage that has roots in 16th - century japanese martial arts , 18th - century historical japanese judicial punishments , and 19th - century japanese theatrical productions .
we received your name and were intrigued by your ad designs for local organic food outlets , such as wicksburg farms , grass roots , fresh start , and the farm - to - table restaurants like nature 's bounty and juniper 's garden that specialize in the type of audience we hope to target . ''
amery had done a lot of work for grass roots over the past six years .
but grass roots wanted their newsletters to be an honest representation of what their stores offered .
being seated inside her to the root , without moving , he felt every contraction of her pu**y muscles clear into his balls as she milked his orgasm .
when he stayed buried in her to the root without moving , she rubbed her lips across his collarbone .
to prove his point he thrust himself deep , burying his shaft all the way to the root .
his hands found my legs , looping under my knees to lift them higher , allowing him to sheathe himself in me all the way to the root .
i ' m going to bring up the root alpha portal , and you 're going to swipe your thumb for access , then back away .
they 're like the grass roots effort that gets all of the cream rising to the top .
` ` fuck , '' he yelled , from the nails or the fact that i 'd taken him to the root , i was n't sure .
channing sucked colby to the root again , burying her nose in his pubic hair .
watching her eager lips open and swallow his dick to the root .
the blond would pull his wet c**k out completely , circling the weeping purple head around the other man 's swollen lips before plunging back in to the root .
he spread her thighs wide to watch the alignment of his c**k and he slammed to the root on the first push .
hot , wet and tight as he sank in to the root .
oh- '' cash impaled her to the root on the first stroke .
the second she was in place , he dragged his c**k from the root to the tip down her cleft , keeping constant friction on her clit .
he could n't hold off forever - everything was too perfect , the tender way she touched him , the glove tight feeling of her pu**y sucking him to the root .
witnessing the ecstasy on his face as he slowly sank inside her to the root was one of the sexiest things she 'd ever seen .
his hips bumped up , his balls were walnut tight at the root of his sex .
chassie scooted up , aligned her sex to his and sheathed his c**k to the root .
but that was the root of colt 's other problem : india had been working on blake west .
india moaned around the root of his shaft .
he thrust to the root with one sharp snap of his hips .
he circled the opening to her pu**y once and plunged inside to the root .
brock swirled the cockhead over her lips and plunged in to the root .
as she created tight suction on every withdrawal , she slackened her throat muscles when brock plunged back in to the root .
but not bringing dates here was n't because my rural roots mortified me .
he did that three more times a slow withdrawal , a fast plunge to the root .
he smoothed it through her hair from roots to the tips .
she canted her head and swallowed him to the root .
when his balls lifted , his hands fell away and almost told her to open up and swallow him to the root .
he pulled out and snapped his hips , plunging in to the root .
he rocked that g - spot , squeezing his fingers at the root of his shaft into a makeshift c**k ring .
his fingers pulled her pu**y open and he plunged his c**k inside to the root .
his c**k pausing outside her entrance on every fourth stroke before he snapped his hips , slamming into her to the root .
he repositioned his pelvis so he connected with her clit every time he plunged to the root .
he spread her thighs and impaled her to the root on the first deep stroke .
making rielle the root cause of your problem ? ''
his mckay roots were sunk deep in ranching , his family and wyoming .
she sucked his shaft to the root , loving the musky scent of his pubic hair and the taste of her sex juices mixed with his as she held him deep in her throat .
she circled his c**k at the root and dragged her fist up and down the shaft while she kissed his collarbones .
the tension coiling at the root of her stomach and the pulsing within her vagina became too much to endure .
` ` there are hundreds of us trying to get to the root of the roma problem but it takes time , a long time .
it said something about how far he had come from his criminal roots that his first instinct had n't been to call his uncle and have her disposed of , as any self - respecting rustanov would have done just a decade ago if crossed in such a way .
` ` out of two families , they come together to form a separate branch that links back to their roots .
wanting more is the root of all evil .
` ` i can only feel emotions , i ca n't trace their roots .
` ` you know , ter , it 's a common saying among people that the love of money is the root of all evil .
but as her grandmother had so often said , envy was the root of the greatest evil in the world .
while jealousy was the root of all evil , love was the source of all good .
kiara 's gaze narrowed as an unfamiliar wave of jealousy tore through her so fiercely , she was tempted to push her way through the crowd and snatch the woman 's hair out by the roots .
his ability to determine if someone was lying or not originated with his ashaninka roots .
his white linen shirt had cutouts in the back - they buttoned above and below the roots of his wings .
though persuasion was her root power - the one she 'd been born with , akin to her soul - she 'd almost extinguished it by healing her sister from repeated vrekener attacks .
your root power should be the one that curses him . ''
jace went white to the roots of his hair , so white that his wide eyes looked like gold disks , inhuman and weirdly out of place .
we 'd managed to get my books shipped to colorado once we decided that was where we were going to try to put down some roots .
when he did n't , apprehension took root deep inside me .
under the pain , a different kind of anguish formed in the back of my throat - a scorching thirst took root .
as i flushed to the roots of my hair , he puckered his lips .
there was something about the nation 's capital that had drawn her in , and she really had n't put roots down in l.a . , not the kind that had her yearning to return home while traveling for work .
i flushed to the roots of my hair .
so after i made another pass from the root to the tip , i did it again .
my long , straight hair - a light blond color with dark roots and hanging limp from grease - is partially pulled back to reveal a shaved patch and dark scab on the side of my scalp .
while i spoke calmly and steadily , i could n't shake the fear that had taken root .
he yanked me down and i moaned , so wet and ready from the miracle of his mouth that i took him to the root in one easy glide .
` ` i ' m going to avoid brett , but i wonder if that means i ' m not dealing with the root of the problem .
what had made him think it was wise to go there alone - to seek at the very roots for some knowledge of the little people and the taltos ?
we come from the same celtic root .
his very love of christmas had its roots in some irrational longing for rituals born in these isles , perhaps .
or did they spring from the same root as we did ?
of course he had it at the root , not near the tip where it might have given me some pleasure .
i flushed to the roots of my hair at the kindness of it , drinking the wine greedily but as neatly as i could .
she stroked him from root to tip , making him longer and harder , priming him to pleasure her .
she looked every bit the sun - kissed kentucky farm girl of her roots .
the sorceress jailed downstairs was surrendering her root ability .
blood that was n't my own ... ` ` if we could find the root cause , '' she said , ` ` then we would n't have to systemical y suppress everything . ''
i 'll get you and your friends off this island , and then you and i will figure out a place to put down roots . ''
and did n't you tell me that we 'd find a place to put down roots ?
their plans must be stopped at the root . ''
she pressed , sliding down ... down ... taking him all the way to the root , impaling herself .
he recalled seeing torin do this all those years ago , after he 'd touched the human woman and the plague had taken root .
this demon is also at the root of cancer deaths and all additional pestilence , most recently the dreaded swine flu pandemic .
she looked up at him , another smile taking root .
puncture wound , he 'd realized , the answer to her question slipping into place , taking root .
knew he was too big for such a slender body , but that did n't stop him from moving her up and down , up and down from the root of his shaft to the very tip .
to distract herself , she sucked his finger deeper than before , swirling her tongue at the root and sliding the appendage out with a pop .
you said start the letter with praise before going into the root of the problem .
it was the mayan underworld , the root of evil and the source of the villagers ' bat - demons .
` ` so that 's the root of your aversion to a serious relationship . ''
` ` i 'll drop the roots off with her and come back with a blanket , and we can bunk down .
i wanted to pull my hair out from the roots .
the root of clay 's problems rested solely on the inhuman people who had callously given him life and then left him to fend for himself .
now i could get to the root of our issues .
they had risen up through the more intimate clubs and bars and apparently wanted to get back to their roots .
except he was n't a horse and the thought of riding him like one made me flush to the roots of my hair .
though it did n't take a ph.d . to dig down to the root of my psychological issues .
i did n't want to get into the root of our relationship 's problems .
especially when the root of so many of his problems rested solely with the two narcissistic people standing in front of me .
her family was the root of it all , i was sure , what brought on the sadness that haunted her eyes .
i knew the root of the issues he bore , the blame he laid on himself , the constant burden he carried .
i tease , only half kidding , as the waitress comes to take our orders , dark roots showing through her platinum perm .
pets were permanent , they meant roots and commitment , not the temporary life ella usually led .
i blushed to my roots and tried to stutter a reply , but he interrupted again .
the way his eyes shuttled between autumn and me was so pointed a blush traveled right up her cheek , from her neck to the roots of her hair .
he also wondered if this was the root of why everyone in the bureau thought ty was batshit crazy .
i hate to drop the pom - poms so early on while the shoots of our sisterly bonds are still tender at the root and whatnot , but i do n't see any other way of getting out of voluntarily showing snatches of my underwear to thousands of people armed with telescopic photo equipment on game day .
demetri 's interest in your family has been ignobly woven through time - at the root of which is his unnatural obsession with your mother .
` ` then let 's get to the root of the problem . ''
but deep inside i know i ' m the root of his troubles , everyone 's troubles .
tad sits with his man teats exposed while the faux nipple , that will one day turn out to be the root of all that is wrong with poor baby beau , is strapped to his chest like an explosives device .
there it is - the root of his melancholy .
chapter forty - five rebel , rebel friday morning , i head downstairs overwhelmed by the fact i ' m the root of pain for dozens of people in the world .
at the root of all my emotional issues is the major freeze out of affection i grew up with , and that only made me crave it that much more .
i certainly do n't want my own stubbornness to be at the root of the cause .
it has deep roots here , just like my family does . ''
with a growl he pushes inside me , burying himself to the root , and rests his forehead against mine .
he sinks into me to the root of his amazing cock and stops .
he slips inside me , to the root , and holds me there , between his hard body and the hard door to my back .
i ' m pissed on so many levels ; i do n't even know where it starts and how to dig through to the root of it .
reaching between us , i push my hand down to where we 're joined and can feel the root of him as he disappears inside me , then slip my fingers up to circle around my clit .
my hips rise as i hold his dick at the root and guide him inside me , settle my knees beside his hips and ride him backwards .
i slide down his body and before my movement can wake him , i take his semi - hard cock on my hand and lick him from the root to the tip in one fluid motion then take him in my mouth , wrap my lips around him and pull up firmly .
his h*ps reared back , her body tensed in delicious anticipation and then he thrust inside , impaling her , seating himself to the root , filling her so full , so deep , she could swear he touched her womb .
he pulled back , surged forward and seated himself to the root yet again .
he accepted her invitation and seated himself to the root as he yanked her hair back , arching her neck .
and he held her , his forearms crossed , his hands cupping her br**sts , his thumbs idly stroking her ni**les , his shaft still hard and buried to the root , as he memorized the look of them together .
her first orgasm seemed never to stop as the next one came and then the next before he seated himself to the root one last time , filling her full , and growled his release .
he pulled out and surged back in , burying himself to the root one last time and then howled his own .
then he slammed inside me until he was seated full to the root and i felt his body spasm powerfully , shaking me with him as his deep groan filled my mouth .
when she did , layne let go and joined her , groaning into her mouth as he buried himself to the root and his world erased of everything but his c**k and raquel and the beauty only she could give him .
layne 's hand went into her hair , he positioned her head and captured her mouth , absorbing the moan and then trading it for his as he thrust deep , to the root , planting himself in her and exploding .
i was coming down when his thrusts became even more powerful then his hand left my hip , his fingers sunk into my hair , fisting and twisting again , his mouth slammed down on mine and he groaned , his h*ps driving into mine once , twice , three times then , on the fourth , he planted himself to the root and stopped .
she looked like she wanted to tell frey he had to wait ten more minutes like she wanted her fingernails to be pulled out at the roots .
he buried himself to the root inside me , let go and i let go , my back arching , my neck arching , my moan deep and low .
her roots were steel - gray , she was two inches shorter than me and at least thirty pounds lighter , if not more .
they were , as the magazines said , ` ` bringing rock back to its roots , '' and it was true .
most of their videos were clips from concerts or them playing a song , live , on a sidewalk in vegas ( for which they did n't get a permit so they got arrested which was also touted as bringing rock back to its roots but it was n't original , u2 had done much the same for their kickass ` ` where the streets have no name '' video ) or they 'd shoot the video while playing in a smal , cool - as - shit but seriously dive club somewhere ( thus making the club famous and jacking up their revenue ) .
even yet , the simple memory of wilde 's lips on hers made her blush to the roots of her hair .
fighting an overwhelming urge to roll her eyes and suggest the root of his anxiety could be her aunt 's salivating over him like a dog in heat , bridget inhaled slowly and pretended to consider the question .
ambrose could only smile smugly as cordelia blushed to the roots of her hair .
sofia blushed to the roots of her hair and then placed her hands on her naked hips .
no doubt gwen was inside , blushing to the roots of her hair .
she blushed to the roots of her hair .
i do n't know that we got at the root cause of what happened here , but this is n't about blame or punishment .
she had dark brown hair that bled into gray at the roots , and hazel eyes with webs of crow 's feet at the corners .
` ` san francisco seems like the perfect place to set down some roots and explore a few new directions . ''
i ' ve been on the move for so long that i 'd like to set down some roots for a while . ''
it was obvious just how desperate she 'd been to let happiness take root within her heart again .
an imposing structure , it had a formality and majesty of design that spoke volumes about its early - american roots and wealth of its patrons .
after all , he had plenty of money and no real roots .
you know that the split second of relief you get at the end of a ritual never , ever lasts - and it does n't get to the root problem .
call me common , but i ' m proud of my simple midwestern roots - dunkin ' donuts coffee is as exotic as i get . ''
eddie was better than i am - he used to tell me i had adhd and that was the root of my problem .
hard to imagine anyone stealing something from the root of all evil and getting away with it .
it is the root of all evil , the balance to the purity of love .
and that was the root of the problem , was n't it .
v , however , was not just anti - apple ; he was convinced steve jobs 's legacy was the root of all evil in the world ...
a traditionalist , his father had relished the return to roots .
trez had her pinned and the frustration she felt amplified the hunger that had taken root , the denial of what she wanted ratcheting up the need .
in my dealings with such citizens , it is clear that there are many at the root of the race who remember all the things your father did for them and their families .
i was n't used to a family that was so loving and tactile , but she blamed it on her nanna 's cajun roots .
though her grandma was from the north and i ' m not sure where the cajun roots came from .
i think it was his latin roots , but tomas had a suaveness that made me look like a little boy .
my doctor said that he was the root of all of my problems .
` ` we do n't always know the root of our issues . ''
afraid she was at the root of the conflict , she turned back to the stove , left the rest of the eggs in the pan and poured herself a cup of coffee .
your little brother - what ... what happened to him - is at the root of all your problems . ''
because he had no family , no roots , he was used to flying solo , which made it hard to become an integral part of his life .
she flushed to the roots of her dark hair and quietly shut the door .
` ` i think it 's that sentiment that 's at the root of the problem , '' noah said .
` ` he 's afraid you two doing the deed is at the root of the problem .
we were both too happy to have finally put down roots . ''
she dressed like a typical professional , in conservative business casual , but her hair - dark at the roots and jagged and bleached on the ends - was anything but conservative .
that throwback to american roots was notably absent in her adopted state , where most cities seemed prosperous , shiny and new .
understanding what was at the root of sheridan 's comments , skye offered her a sympathetic frown .
he 'd be able to provide for his child , put down some roots , belong .
` ` but that 's at the root of it .
we just need to get to the root of those problems . ''
however , getting to the root of the problems was going to be a much harder feat than just acknowledging them .
and she 's the root of everything , really - she 's the reason everyone 's so miserable all the time , she 's the reason we keep secrets and she 's the reason i failed my test .
whether my hatred for the underworld had become nothing more than an excuse or if it really was the root of my unyielding bitterness , i did n't know .
but somewhere in the back of my mind , in a portion that was still alive - that was still rational - scotia 's words settled , taking root .
the gangly youth can not keep his eyes off me , and when i catch him staring , he blushes to the roots of his hair .
that is at the root of my uncertainty .
it is also , i realize with a sour sickness in my belly , my fault as well , for whatever the reason the abbess has held me back , it is at the root of her decision to send matelaine .
is that not , in fact , at the very root of why anyone loves another ?
i want to settle down , start a family and grow roots here in jersey .
and there it is ; the root of my problem .
i could n't decide if the root of his silence was arrogance or carefulness .
in order to have a lover , i must go back to the root of the word .
it - and not money - is the root of all evil ? ''
` ` sounds like her uncle ; she 's already showing her archer roots . ''
she reached out across the kitchen table and put her small girl hand on top of my arm , and the warmth that pulsed from that touch heated up my entire body from my toes to the roots of my hair .
at first , nix wondered why the sensor seemed so desperate to save ` ` the children , '' and then he remembered the desperate repetition of the red - haired girl 's name - natalie , natalie , natalie - and nix recognized , finally , the manic glint in the sensor 's eyes and the root of his willingness to throw everything away for subject n-632 .
i knew my roots were showing gray , and that i really needed a good dye job , but i had to save money .
without explaining the root of my desperation to my brother and ashley , i stopped by the table to tell them that i was n't feeling well .
you mentioned her roots .
he brushes my hair back from my face , and tingles race from the roots of my hair to my toes .
her english was accented with traces of a language that had its roots in a country that had once taken directions from moscow .
the four years ' difference in their ages had , until tonight , served to keep their orbits safely separated , even in this small seaside community where both families had deep roots .
their roots went deep here ; as deep as those of the madison men .
` ` we both have roots here in eclipse bay .
no one in town would ever consider them to be real members of the community with roots here .
the seatons had roots in the community that went back as far as those of the hartes and the madisons .
let 's just say that i think this thing has roots in the past .
it was the kind of fury that had its roots in a very primitive fear , a fear that had been nibbling at him for the past couple of weeks , a fear he had refused to acknowledge .
` ` those roots are not in the wine industry .
it makes me think that at least part of the puzzle has its roots in the past . ''
the dream was a strange one , appearing in a variety of guises , but it always had its roots in the same underlying fear .
` ` they must have their roots in one of the original social classes that arrived on the serendipity .
now their descendants floated on , dressed in fine gowns and tailored jackets , aware but unwilling to acknowledge the tradition of blood that gave the festival its roots .
brennan was the root of the evil that had damaged their lives .
` ` ' the love of money is the root of all evil . ' ''
but steven had nothing , no home to return to , no place to put down roots .
that 's where we take our root .
and now she had sean the intelligence gatherer , who probed all the way to the root of the problem instead of just baring his teeth at it .
` ` all that is from all that was , return to your root , obey my words .
all that is from all that was , return to your root , obey my words ... '' the magic streamed from them , locking onto the odorous chunk .
koronovs and mallots stood close on the social ladder , both solid families with roots in old town , both magically adept .
the dwarf myths probably take their root in nature spirits ... '' ` ` dwarves like in tolkien ? ''
` ` that 's the root of your problem right there .
it had been the root of all bad things that happened to me lately .
the old folks appeared to me like they had pretty stable roots , or as stable as possible for hundred - year - olds doing yoga .
she was afraid that if she pressed him further , he 'd press her back , and she 'd reveal her own roots .
if you do n't try to get to the root of the problem and fix that , the problem will just recur .
you had better get to the root of the problem , and i shall stand here by myself in the corner and think remorseful thoughts about what i have done .
he stroked one hand from the roots of my hair all the way to the ends .
her hair is dyed white or blond , and it 's very short and dark at the roots .
arlene 's hair was newly colored , so it was flaming red to the roots , caught up at the back in a banana clip .
travis tritt and carrie underwood accompanied me , and by the time i drove into red ditch , i was feeling my roots .
her natural color , now showing about an inch at the roots , turned out to be a pleasant light brown .
i want to find my roots ! ''
` ` you do n't need to look for your roots .
i know we all love her in our own unique way , and at the root , there 's never been jealousy .
my hands lift to his hair , pulling it at the roots , as his hands slide down my sides and over my ass , where he gives me a squeeze .
the people had thrived there and put down roots , respecting the traditions of dena nehele but never forgetting their own - and hoping , always hoping , that someday they would have a territory of their own again .
the land was the true root and heart of the blood 's power .
elle , the housekeeper ; maydra , the cook ; and four of the young men who worked in the grayhaven stable and had befriended gray before he 'd begun to heal from the emotional scars that had their roots in the torture he 'd endured .
the territory of hayll had been at the root of all the suffering his people had endured , and he did n't want to deal with anyone who came from that race .
not quite home , but it could be home - if you wanted to put down roots .
he would n't have asked her to stay away , but he was relieved that she understood her presence would hinder any attempt at getting to the root of the problem .
that , saetan realized , was the root of lucivar 's fear ... that the woman he was in love with , the woman he 'd been courting so carefully over the last few months , would want nothing from him except the chance to escape .
easy enough to find the root of all the rumors once he 'd known where to look ... and if it had n't been for the warlord at the party last night , he never would have looked in her direction .
she blushed all the way to the roots of her hair , then turned back to me .
those options turned into reality a week later , when my father and lou shook hands and agreed that this would be the place that our gang north would be putting down roots .
i felt the blush to the roots of my hair , but waved a hand negligently .
a blush spread to the roots of my hair .
it had visitor stamped across one side , and bore a hologram of a wide - winged bee - a symbol of the house 's french roots , i thought , but rendered in twenty - first - century technology .
` ` we have roots in eastern europe .
` ` especial y not with the mayor convinced we 're the root of al evil . ''
mal ory 's ice - blue hair - now showing a little blond at the roots - was pul ed into a ponytail , and black headphones covered her ears .
she 'd dyed her hair in an ombre style ; it darkened from pale blue at the roots to indigo at the ends .
` ` if you get old and gray , i 'll be honest about your roots . ''
` ` the gp has feudal roots , '' jonah said .
she 's got to come across as being hard on crime - and the perceived root of that crime - if she wants to survive a real election .
` ` it will be nice to put down some roots , '' he agreed .
he blushed to the roots , grinned like an idiot .
she blushed to the roots of her blue hair , shrugged one shoulder .
maybe that was the root of his real anger and irritation - not just that she 'd threatened to expose his past , but that she was the one making the threats .
renewed hope took root inside me and blossomed like a flower in the spring .
she 'd had the life of her choosing for many centuries , and during all that time she 'd never really found a place to put down roots .
she had been the cause , the root of all the evil that had happened for years after she abandoned him .
she had dug down deep to the root of my fear .
which was most likely the root of the whole issue for me .
dieter was larger than johnny , his german roots giving him broad shoulders and eyes so light they sometimes appeared opaque .
and i think it 's nice he wanted to take you back to your roots . ''
` ` my roots ?
when i asked him when he could pay me back he told me money is the root of all evil .
so that was the real root of her stubbornness .
this was home , where her roots were .
maybe at the root of shelby 's dumping him was that she did n't think he had enough integrity for her .
the connection of his hand on her hair shimmered clear to her roots and pissed her off .
she was n't going to be another statistic spit out by a code - breaking program - a name with no real roots .
and if what she feared was actually true , a lot more people needed him to get to the root of this mess before the unthinkable happened .
once he had his feet on solid ground again , he would get to the root of what he 'd heard , find those responsible , and nail their asses to the wall .
she was exhausted all the way to the roots of her hair .
and yes , it unsettled her to the roots of her hair how totally it spread to every niche of her being .
although hugh 's whispered instruction from earlier scared her to the roots of her highlighted hair .
he 'd pleasured her to the roots of her hair and still she wanted more of him ... ` ` protection , '' she gasped .
a deeper fear took root .
the roots of her hair burned with apprehension .
tingles flushed upward , all the way to the roots of her hair .
but here , in the car , he could dig to the root of the problem .
the pricier , the better to prove to everyone how far he 'd come from his poor roots .
his american accent , his texas roots gave her name such a foreign and distinctive sound .
we realize how undermanned units are these days and appreciate your help in getting to the root of this terrorist threat . ''
her insights could be invaluable in getting to the root of who else might be involved .
she had n't known the root of the fight then , only that evil and fear tainted the air .
the kid did n't help matters by blushing to the roots of his idaho - farm - boy red hair .
` ` it 's been a rough couple of months around the squadron with the extra duties overseas and now owens 's death , '' jansen answered , his dakota roots filling his rolling accent .
he 'd told her the ` ` safe place '' he 'd mentioned earlier was actually an american - kept ` ` safe house '' -which had stunned her to the roots of her hair , but she would grasp the blessing with both hands for her daughter .
tomas had roots there .
hell , she was frightened to her roots just thinking about it , too .
others might be misled by the rugged exterior that housed this man 's soul , but she saw his understanding of her pain , her fears , even if he did not fully know their root .
fists pounded the tables along with the clanking silverware , all a part of the formal military dining - out custom that traced its roots to antiquity .
felt the irritatingly predictable awareness that buzzed from her toes right up to the roots of her hair whenever he came near .
this vulnerability scared her to the roots of her hair .
in fact , tears had landed her in that tender kiss the night before that still tingled along the roots of her hair .
but then that was the root of barry 's scam - collecting money for scholarships , most of which were never awarded , then funneling the cash out of the country into a swiss bank account .
she really did love this town and would n't mind putting down roots here .
your girl is putting down roots here . ''
mike had had a point to make : that he was n't leaving serendipity or cara , and most importantly , that he 'd changed and wanted to put down roots .
whenever i go in to a new neighborhood , i like to go back to my roots .
although she lived a world apart from her roots , catherine was n't foolish enough to think a woman who once wore hand - me - downs and lived in the poorer sections of boston had anything in common with this elegant and sexy man .
not surprising given her roots , but admirable just the same . ''
evidence that he 'd made something of himself and proof he was putting down roots , no longer the selfish ass who 'd caused more trouble than he cared to remember .
figuring out what was at the root of her acting out and getting her under control were also on the agenda .
he 'd chosen the roomy victorian because it was exactly the sort of house he wished he 'd grown up in himself , the kind of house where alex could put down roots .
` ` it just seemed like a good place to put down roots , that 's all . ''
` ` firm roots and lots of traditions , right ? ''
it 's the root of every evil in london as far as she 's concerned . ''
` ` you never mentioned your irish roots before . ''
wrapping her hand around the root of him , she brought him closer and closer to the edge , using her mouth and tongue and hands , long licks and sharp pumps that elicited husky sounds from deep in his chest .
and there it was , the root of the issue .
her voice was squeaky , laced with both delight and surprise , and then she was coming , nearly pulling his hair out by the roots as she rocked into his mouth and freely took the pleasure he offered .
gone were the pads and makeup that had rounded out her cheeks ; her face was now angular , her complexion bronze to reflect paloma dominguez - martin 's brazilian roots .
thanks to the makeup , her skin was at least three shades darker , boasting of paloma 's brazilian roots , and the dark green contacts she 'd slipped into her eyes gave her an exotic air .
zach hated the itch inside him that made him acknowledge the deep roots of envy when it came to his brother .
security is important to her and the fear of being abandoned has deep roots . ''
the floral scent of the shampoo she used found a comfortable place inside his head and took root .
` ` i liked it better when you were trying hard not to have an accent and southern roots . ''
one day , jack wanted to set down roots of his own .
his convictions toward her family had deep roots , roots she saw when they spoke .
relationship troubles seem to be the root of all evil .
her fingers curled around him and she pumped his length , stroking him from root to tip .
and that was the root of claire 's terror .
the hair goes right up from the roots .
i really just want to squeeze her until her silly head pops off , certain she 's the root of a lot of andie 's problems .
since the genesis facility was hidden away in the blue ridge mountains , many of the folks working there had a slight drawl that spoke of roots in the south .
she stroked him , a long caress from root to tip , and heard with pleasure the sound of his ragged breath .
her fingers curled over the base of his erection , stroked slowly , squeezing him , moving from root to the tip that was pushing against her core .
but knowing the clinical root of her condition did n't really make it any easier to bear .
noelle 's voice was smooth , giving no hint at all to her southern roots .
a voice that , right then , gave no hint of his new jersey roots .
long , sensual strokes from root to tip .
if he only knew about her own roots ... but few people did .
she has dyed red hair , but from the roots i imagine it 's naturally dark .
she might be able to cut a bond that 's born through an exchange of blood , but she ca n't break one that 's psychic at the root .
i knew i was red to the roots of my hair .
he was at the root of so much pain .
i want to get to the root of this . ''
if i wanted to get to the root of all of it and find out where the victims were being taken , i 'd have to play along .
` ` well , reah , i would very much like to get to the root of these disappearances , but i keep running into tall and sturdy walls . ''
perhaps it was his elvish roots or something .
if tory had bothered to talk with either parent , they might have gotten to the root of this .
i think i blush to my roots .
the root of her exasperation with him ?
arcadia and the runa have the same roots .
there 's probably a few other acceptable variations from that root in the registry . ''
the architecture was in keeping with common gemman luxury homes , though the pointed roof and a few other flourishes hearkened back to the caste 's japanese roots .
the other part i kept thinking about was that at the root of all of this , kiyo was the father of my children .
he blushed to his blond roots .
she did n't disguise the desolation this caused her , and akiva felt himself to be the root of it , as though time worked backward , and he had caused his mother to make the choice that would create him .
hope kept akiva sane , and the thought of karou kept him working , day by day , at foundational lessons in the anima that was the proper name for his ` ` scheme of energies , '' and which was the root not only of magic but of mind , soul , and life itself .
` ` i thought if i could only find the root of it - i thought i could do something , i thought i could- '' he stops .
my mind is working fast , trying to solve an impossible equation , and a crazy theory takes root inside of me , crystallizing in a way i 'd never thought it could .
i ca n't get to the root of your actions unless i know what you 're thinking , how you 're feeling . ''
part five you ca n't go home again 18 roots september 1968 the woman next to me probably weighed three hundred pounds .
his eyes were closed , slanted and catlike , his lashes that striking color i remembered so well because i had seen it so often ; deep auburn at the tips , fading to a red so pale as nearly to be blond at the roots .
fraser 's face was red to the roots of his hair .
she chortled with glee , a bright pink rising from throat to hair roots .
i felt a spasm of horror at the sudden recollection and could have bitten my tongue off at the root .
the smile aged her a bit , for there were gaps among her teeth , and the remainder showed black at the root .
they 're the root of your strength , man . ''
echo 's face is cool to the touch , even though sweat beads along the roots of her hair .
the noise from the crowded restaurant reaches a new decibel of loud , and the heat from the grill causes sweat to form along the roots of my hair .
i ' ve returned to my impressionist roots .
i yank on a curl , causing pain at the root , ticked off that i lost faith .
west has tried to keep people from knowing his roots , afraid his family 's money would complicate matters .
it was bad enough that i actually contemplated calling in sick for work , but considering the root of everything wrong at the moment had to do with money , i figured that would be a bad idea .
secondly , i ca n't know if it might be cathartic if i do n't know the root of the problem .
at the root of the problem is that travis is hardly typical in any way , so i ' m a continuous ball of worrying yet trying not to worry .
i suspected vampires were at the root of everything from black eyes to pale skin to bad moods .
boredom was the root of all trouble , and apparently trouble was still living right next door .
her frizzy red hair , blond at the roots , and her smeared red lipstick always look the same .
my fucking cousin really was the root cause of all the problems in this band .
she refused , flushed to the roots of her hair that he had considered her capable of such a thing .
the kommandant talked of his admiration for purrmann , of the artist 's german roots , of paintings he had seen by matisse that had made him long to travel to moscow and morocco .
she flushes to the roots of her hair .
yeah , drew is rich and he 's taken care of us - hell , he 's made more money now that he plays for the nfl than his dad ever did , and i benefit from that - but i ca n't forget my roots .
` ` no roots , no ties .
for the first time in my life , i have some roots , and i want it to stay that way . ''
after reconnecting with kiera , olivia decided it was time to lay down roots somewhere and boston was the only place she had anything close to family .
if this was to be her new home , maybe setting down new roots would help her forget about her old ones .
it was symbolic to her of finally putting down roots , but now she would put down new roots with alexander on the other side of the city .
it was symbolic to her of finally putting down roots , but now she would put down new roots with alexander on the other side of the city .
ryan told them that he thought the difference in openness and helpfulness was that the south had its roots in agriculture .
ryan liked nautical trivia , nostalgic for his navy roots , and picked up an antimacassar .
i am severed at the root from my true home .
gaelic dancing and their martial art have the same roots ; both use straight legged , powerful kicks .
he has no home to return to , so it does nt matter how far he travels , his roots are wherever he is .
they 'd shunned the use of technology , believing that to be the root cause of mankinds failures .
but whatever the root causes the results are the same , it seems that history has turned once more and another age has begun .
we must remember our roots because without that , what do we have left ?
dr anderson had at one time worked at the dolphinarium in honiara , but he had since returned to his academic roots .
jacks voice was calm and quiet , with a quaint rhythm and intonation that betrayed his ancient roots .
those memories enveloped me , reassured me , took me away from this metallic , cold space station and brought me to the root of what makes a human content , to the happy family i was raised in ; my loving mother , my dad , and me -- an only child .
i looked scandinavian , but the hollow surname was from my german roots .
she had a moment to take in the insanity , to feel it penetrate her brain and put down roots .
as rachel turned , she felt fingers grasping at her hair and cried out in pain as it was torn out at the root .
a golden opportunity to lead l & p back to its roots and undo all of the damage brad 's greed inflicted .
once we have , we can return to our ancestor roots and join our brothers and sisters and finally live in peace .
they are the root cause .
steampunk 's roots , it could be said , go back to the scientific romances produced by shelley , wells , and verne .
originally , because they came from similar ethnic roots , many of the southern peoples had similar weapons , but over time whole groupings ceased to be martial , while others became more so .
as soon as the root cause of deviant behavior is activated , that memory center is shut down and the emotional response eliminated , he said as if this was common knowledge .
i think at the root of both novan and rell , is the knowledge that if one of us should die , we would be the weaker for it .
the covenant itself serves as the root of stagnation in our development , but is hardly the only problem .
it 's a return to our roots , you might say .
` ` are you aware of the military roots of startech ?
that 's tracing your roots . ''
let us get right to the root . ''
it was just like her to get to the root of it .
money is the root of all evil is a famous aphorism among humans .
the love of money truly is the root of all evil .
` ` i think your relationships with all of your business associates are at the root of why we 're here now .
i would like anydiscrepancies reported to me and any agency members , at any level , that are seen to be the root of the issue detained for questioning .
and you see this as the root of your paranoia ?
i saw that this was the root of her distress .
the third one , a female with dark brown hair with a tint of silver at the roots , remained silent .
al balid is estimated to have hit its peak around the twelfth or thirteenth century , which obviously makes it far too recent to be sabaean or in any way attached directly to the queen of shebas empire , but what i do remember is my colleague saying there are strong indications the city may be far older than what has largely been uncovered ; maybe even as old as the iron age , which in that case , would place its roots before the birth of christ and therefore back into the times of the queen of sheba and king solomon .
an awkward pause took root between them , and neither spoke another word on the subject .
the roots of the religion were many and varied but the main inspiration had come from a physics equation which proved that linear time was a fallacy .
she was on her way around ; on a mission to show her friend the root cause of the problem .
to insure this , global laws and standards were enforced at a local level , and true power was vested at the root levels of society rather than trying to enforce things from the top down .
they automatically knew they were right for each other , felt the mutual attraction , that the person and personality before them was a perfect fit , and that the other particulars of likes and dislikes , and habits and beliefs , were just finer details that were nuances to be discovered , enjoyed and shared , or known and respected ; that the root of who each other truly was on the inside seemed as if it had been custom tailored to fit each other .
he wanted to master whatever was going on with him , to get to the root of the problem .
born of devoted hindu parents , who believed in a common god root to all belief systems , he never was one to believe in multiple gods as so many did in his homeland , but he did belief in a higher force , vishnu , krishna , shiva , whatever name you wanted to give to it .
patches of kaleidoscopic fungal - glowing weeds had taken root , and the deserted roadbed shifted under my feet .
then its true that i m the root and blame for davids capture , mann thought , the boy is here ?
shed blushed to her roots , and run off before she could be detained for questioning .
the mithras thing had its roots in roman culture .
to solve the problems of humanity , we must get to their root .
the root cause of humanitys problem is the humans .
entry 1 - 231 : august 13 , 2013 earth in 2067 ad while the roots of rome 's revolution really precede 2067 ad , for our purposes , it was the state of the world at this point that creates the conditions producing the story .
he felt science could still be at the root of spellcasting ; there was a lot to learn there , if he could experiment with it .
the conglomerations roots , its scouts .
this is going to be the root of the new world .
i did meet some sinister characters at that environmental summit in moscow last month , mainly guys from georgia or ukraine , thugs with russian roots .
all this was a little hard to accept for me , basically a country boy from hardy and practical midwestern stock , german and swedish dna on one side and english roots on the motherly side .
( we had all dropped hints about harrys alien roots . )
i d chosen chocolate because i loved chocolate in all its unique flavors , but also because i d be staying close to the traditional roots of the babka .
i just want to find my roots .
` ` it is collected using the one tree root system . ''
i m not trying to be condescending about my kayrian roots undina giggled .
creativity is at the root of the soul .
their aura would dim and shrink inward , contracting within itself like a protective blanket , fear at its root , and then the color would change as they became less afraid and more curious .
the root cause of this destructive behavior was the tragic death of its mate .
they understood the effects it would have on his sex life , but they could nt find the root cause of his problem .
a slumber root ?
i have been given copious amounts of slumber root .
mr . brent hightower , chief of police is here for security , he beckons to a tall slender man with a slightly muscular built and whimsical mustache depicting his irish - american heritage mixed with his central african roots and constable attire depicting his high rank as a civil servant .
she is of mexican descent , mocha complexion , dark brown hair , tall , pretty , but not feeling she was , and speaks with a slight accent , but she is american , born in the united states , educated to middle class parents who struggled from their roots in a poor town near juarez city to the hard work and perseverance of becoming citizens of the greatest country in the free world to give their children a better life .
give them a job , opportunities , its poverty at the root ?
clearly , you my sentence was cut off at the root .
the root of health for our world could begin with this albino .
the idea of introducing curative genes into the organism was just splendid , because it could make it possible to tackle the root of every problem .
it kept him busy , it focused him ; but perhaps that was at the root of the problem .
though he is the softest target of the three , his evil has the deepest roots .
our existence as tribal people is nt a lie , it just has fictitious roots and a purpose that has been kept from us for half a century .
the fug person was eyeing the ship with the trained suspicion of someone who expected nothing less than murderous treachery at the root of any given interaction .
your legacy is complicated and its roots are dim , and knotted up as tight as tangled hair .
northeast usa spared from the destruction of new york city and boston , yale university in new haven , connecticut quickly emerged at the center of a rapidly growing grass roots resistance after the initial invasions front lines quickly bypassed the area .
the northeast , for decades seen as a play area of the rich and upper class was starting to return to its revolutionary roots .
rushing to find the root of johnny 's commotion .
earths forbidden secrets 1 - maxwell igan ( 5 stars ) ancient unexplainable artifacts and the roots of mythology , with speculation into the origins of our present star system , into the beginnings of man , and into who man really is .
and that simple fact was the root of all that was to come .
these amusing ditties had nt strayed far from their roots as marching chants .
admiral perry longs for the days when mimicry and accurate translation was the root problem .
hun warrior culture ruled by a dynasty system tracing its roots for a thousand years .
< but if you have a chance to stop my father , the root of all the pain across these worlds , i will come . > < good , > alan said .
but most of all i wondered what the root was to their constant aggression ?
this could make for some nasty situations and was the root cause for many of the problems in human society .
i ' ve never forgotten my roots , and who i am .
he suspected that uncontrolled random navigation lay at the root of the problem .
he held her close to him , stroking through the roots of her hair and caressing her nakedness against his .
that sole purpose finds its root in our primordial beginnings down to the very last cell .
intuitively , steffor sensed those ancient , preordained roles were the root cause of his contemplation .
` ` well , that is the root of it , is n't gentlemen ?
the root of it all boils down to this question : how does the latest development change anything ?
as always , the man got to the root of the situation with calculated bluntness .
several times , they had to double back as the sub root they traveled would intersect with another , presenting a sheer cliff or other type impasse .
critias felt embarrassed over his failure to fully appreciate the many fine luxuries he had accrued with the generous assistance of the appreciative grand marshal , who had in fact sensed improper goings on down at the chicago erc and then promptly took appropriate measures to reach the root of it .
the root of human in the olympians may be stifled , but there is no denying its there .
let 's see if we can get to the root of the problem , shall we ?
their mighty roots as the principal gods of the old kingdom were long since forgotten by most of the populace .
they all have the same root cause : they failed to idiot proof this and that and some idiot trader lost 4 billions , or some idiot clerk deleted by mistake their entire database , or the idiot captain was too busy texting while the cruiser was too close to the shore .
therefore , in 99 % of the cases for a system failure , the root cause is always : '' not enough idiot proofing '' .
calm like nothing else radiated through his mind , as it connected to its root source .
yes , and i will take some slumber root when we get home .
snow and slumber root ; internal injuries ?
she took slumber root early this morning , which is why she is still asleep .
she will only take slumber root when it is you who offers it to her .
i do nt know exactly what jenicas job was before she joined the resistance , but we know she has roots in special forces , fbi , the cia , and god knows what else .
i have a gut feeling that this war to end humanity had its roots in religious zealousness .
plus , he had to be sure he got the root of the infection .
it may even be the root of his distaste for the snakelike spymaster .
sadness lurked behind the eyes of celeste , something with roots deeper than her wayward brother .
peat , once a fuel burned out of necessity on a cold damp island largely lacking in trees , had now become a trendy way to celebrate irelands roots , as had the stout beers in their hands .
with such a bunch he felt as if he had no roots , no common source .
` ` establish a root directory here , standard branch structure and holographics , maximum allowed memory , full paths to available public nodes , and all allowed anonymous transferral options . ''
` ` but you have to realize that , if at any time my taking a stand in your favor would appear to threaten my political career in a serious way , i might have to abandon you , since this is n't an issue that i feel to be at the very root of my beliefs .
` ` but the root cause of resentment is your very presence , your annoying self -confidence that you can so easily solve the climate problems that have bedeviled us . ''
his friend - a robot - had provided him with a protector - a robot - to ensure that psychohistory and the seeds of the foundations were given a chance to take root .
seldon was a product of his times , too , and however brilliant this semimythical science of psychohistory must have been , it could not rise out of its roots .
at root , i am happy with myself .
the crystal continued to pour its secrets into her awareness : ` ` at the threat of discovery , they have a standard reaction , ' we seek the religion of our roots .
' styles based on procreative roots buried so deeply in our racial psyche we dare not remove them . '
` ` but i wanted a self at the root of the self ! ''
` ` duncan quotes him : ' war is behavior with roots in the single cell of the primeval seas .
and sheeana - of us all , sheeana most reveals the natural traits from our human roots .
= = = = = = i give you the desert chameleon , whose ability to blend itself into the background tells you all you need to know about the roots of ecology and the foundations of a personal identity .
at their roots fremen remained special - application animals , desert survivors , governance experts under conditions of stress .
` ` but the roots of our behavior are buried so far away in the past we ca n't get at them directly . ''
he felt that he had been cut loose from his roots .
i think we 'll try some free association , today , in an effort to get at the root causes of your tension .
= = = = = = i think what a joy it is to be alive , and i wonder if i 'll ever leap inward to the root of this flesh and know myself as once i was .
the thing has roots in chaos .
he knew her ritual and its roots , but he had never before stood out here with the pilgrims , watched her through their eyes .
however , understanding - as opposed to feeling - was the root of his problem .
it shares etymological roots both with the professional guild of wise people like old descartes , and with another , rather different tribe , who measured worth with the beauty of lies .
robots were not usually prone to introspection and to examining the roots of their conscious existence ; everything referred back to their basic programs , unassailable givens , and those programs referred back to the three laws .
vara liso 's output was tuned to a purely human channel , to the roots of mind in matter .
` ` the universe is timeless at its roots and contains therefore all times and all futures . ''
at last they were down to the root of siona 's rebellion .
the gunslinger felt the strangling ripping scream that signaled the beginning of his lunacy pull up from the root of his belly .
the sisterhood 's analysts knew the roots of love .
this curious dance was a fossil with roots in the need to move without signaling your presence to a worm .
he could never find its ultimate roots .
we have the roots of your obsession in our grasp , waff !
the lost ones did not return out of simple curiosity about their roots .
reverend mothers of the tyrant 's time had impressed it into the bene gesserit consciousness , tracing its roots out to the most ancient sources .
his mind had gone questing backward into the giedi prime days of his pre - ghola roots .
taraza thought about the mounting reports of the lost ones who were returning to their roots .
my own family can trace its roots back to salahuddin . ''
it contains , of course , ` ` childe roland to the dark tower came , '' the narrative poem that lies at the root of king 's long ( and trying ) story .
this is at the root of their law . ''
at the root lay their unchanging rituals , but above that everything remained as fluid as the seas in which they 'd evolved .
he felt now that he understood the roots of aritch 's fears .
you have to go back to bupsych where you have your roots .
the word for thing or object in most languages is related to the word for say or speak and these , in turn , have their roots in magic .
how long had it been since he had had a real laugh , an honest one , the kind that comes freely and helplessly from the deepest root of the stomach ?
actually our roots are very old : in a.d . 300 our forefathers had bishops that attended a conference in france ; we did n't split off from the other churches as late as everyone thinks .
` ` yeah , but it did n't eliminate the root of her problem .
delusions demand reflex reactions ( as though they had autonomic roots ) where doubts and questioning not only are n't required , but are actively resisted .
the vibe was reactive to stimuli , so as he moved , it pulsed root to tip , simulating a thrusting cock .
temeraire 's anger and their misunderstanding had this real and understandable root : where laurence had not contemplated remaining , temeraire had for his part not contemplated separation ; he had viewed their connection as indissoluble .
orchid = central bank stimulus : easy money , a false cure that never solves the root causes , only suppresses symptoms , prolonging the agony .
with the collapse of civilization , they have gone back to their cultural roots .
` ` we know that almost everyone in europe , the middle east , and india speaks a language that is descended from a common root language : the proto - indo - european language , which was spoken by a single group , the proto - indo - europeans , about eight thousand years ago .
here we have three languages , separated by thousands of miles and thousands of years of development , yet they had all evolved from a common root language : what we now call the proto - indo - european language .
other languages were also proto - indo - european , and not just obscure ones : every major root language from india to great britain .
so even in their ancient tales , the incas admit that a foreign tribe shared their roots .
where did their roots trace ?
act five root una de gato , ` ` cat 's claw '' family : rubiaceae genus : uncaria species : tomentosa , guianensis common names : cat 's claw , una de gato , paraguayo , garabato , garbato casha , samento , toron , tambor huasca , aun huasca , una de gavilan , hawk 's claw part used : bark , root , leaves properties / actions : antibacterial , antioxidant , antiinflammatory , antitumorous , antiviral , cytostatic , depurative , diuretic , hypotensive , immunostimulant , vermifuge , antimutagenic sixteen betrayal august 17 , 7:05 a.m. amazon jungle nate woke to find his arms around a naked woman .
` ` let 's keep heading to the root . ''
not only was the region environmentally significant , home to a vast and complicated ecosystem that traced its roots back to the jurassic period , it was also commercially significant .
connor did n't move and seemed ready to set down roots .
lorna remembered the raw desire in the researcher 's eyes as he described his search for a fundamental fractal that was the root of all intelligence .
its roots were even older .
but they definitely have roots back to that tradition . ''
` ` perhaps this society of alchemists , which traced its roots to moses and egypt , merged with the catholic church .
back all the way to our austrian hapsburg roots .
it can trace its roots back to neolithic times .
its roots in fact are pagan , built atop the grotte des druides , a famous pagan pilgrimage site .
the man 's incompetence had resulted in needless deaths in bosnia - deaths of children - but gray 's anger had deeper roots .
` ` that 's where we come to the root of the problem , dr . cummings .
gray understood the root of the man 's anger ... and why he had asked his son to leave the room .
but more accurately , the schwarze auftrag - the black order - was a name given to himmler 's inner circle , a secret cabal that traced its roots back to the occult thule society . ''
` ` this symbol also has roots in many myths .
here was the root of his panic .
but linguists recently discovered that the romani tongue has its roots in sanskrit . ''
these could be the same roots as his clans .
but there were always rumors that the symbol had deeper , more ancient roots among the clans . ''
his heart pounded a primal drumbeat that traced back to mankind 's prehistoric roots huddled in dark caves .
painter had said that the e may have had its roots in the earliest worship of the earth mother , gaia .
` ` she sent us on a path to discover your roots : from the oracle of delphi , through the gypsies , to now .
painter was determined to find each and every one of them , along with every root and branch that supplied mapplethorpe with the resources and intelligence to pull off this attack .
according to the file , he 'd spent the past decade in ireland , researching the roots of celtic christianity , studying the early fusion of pagan rituals with the catholic faith .
stories circulated that the karlsen family tree had its beginnings as far back as the first viking settlers , that its roots were even tangled with those of yggdrasil , the world tree of norse mythology .
all they knew was that vigor 's former student had been researching the roots of celtic christianity , when pagan worship merged with catholicism .
his research and fieldwork on the roots of celtic christianity could have changed the way we view history . ''
in a direct path east from here , where the sun would rise on the new day , stood lord newborough 's grave marker , a giant celtic cross , whose roots traced back to the same artisans who had carved the ragged spiral on the boulder at gray 's feet .
but the root of all of the problems is the same : too many people packed into too little space .
the group had always been fixated on the roots of ancient knowledge , especially egyptian .
still , he had learned something interesting , that some historians believed the black madonna might have its roots in the worship of the goddess isis , the queen mother of egypt .
to find out where this all began and to discover the dark roots of this ` ` new '' science ... ... keep reading .
he postulated that perhaps the pale indians were in fact refugees from the holy lands , some secret sect of magi who had roots in both the jewish faith and egyptian traditions .
during painter 's research concerning the suspected family , he had discovered that they indeed had roots going back to ghent , had even used that name before extending their reach to america .
` ` it 's the root symbol for a shadowy organization , one that 's committed acts of terrorism around the world .
he wanted to get to the root of everything and that file name sounded promising : history and origins .
some of our historians believe our roots go back to the time of moses , that we were cast out by him for worshipping the crescent and the star . ''
macau may have hidden its face behind the glare of neon and flashing lights , but she knew that whenever so much wealth flowed into such a small space , especially a region of the world not known for such riches , crime and corruption took deep root .
the forces that had brought their ancestors out to the belt had roots in trade , commerce , and the overwhelming promise of freedom .
if the corporations already have roots here when that happens , it wo n't matter .
he 'd brought his army across the sea of the east , right enough , but then he 'd settled down in the hagga military district on the southern coast of cthol murgos as if he planned to put down roots .
that 's why he pulled me out of the university - where i was quite happily putting down roots - and sent me here in the guise of an undersecretary to investigate . '
zalasta thought to stir discord and turmoil on the eosian continent to persuade the church of chyrellos that her interests required that anakha be dispatched to tamuli to seek out the roots of the disturbances .
the old earl coughed politely , and sparhawk , flushing to the roots of his hair , gently but firmly disengaged the queen 's arms from about his neck .
then the hideous little man turned to greet ce'nedra with a few raucous questions that made the princess blush to the roots of her hair .
` ` we did not bathe together , '' garion replied quickly , blushing to the roots of his hair .
what 's at the root of this ? ''
the astapori left him neither root nor stem .
though his hair was as blue as his son 's , he had red roots and redder eyebrows .
` ` so you are fighting over a crown that one of you took from the other back when the casterlys still held casterly rock , is that the root of it ?
my mother used to hope that i would rise up from my humble roots .
at its root , hydrazine is pretty simple .
especially when you know the root cause of the heat is radiation .
our wolves somehow knew how to cut through all of the emotional and intellectual crap and get to the root of the issue .
they believe that if they can uncover the root of our abilities , they can dig it out and alter it to fit their dark needs . ''
except i ca nt shake the feeling that maxs dislike of hunter has roots in a shared past he wo nt admit they have .
pemona is totally wrapped from her brown hair roots to her pinky toes in a tight suffocating red body clinking silk shimmery slip gown with no exposed body parts which includes her skin , eyeballs , lips , finger nails , and toe bones .
she medically scans kiwis hair roots to her toed high - heel sandals , not eye burning any displays of human red bloodanywhere , adding .
mccamy wraps the linen sheet around his waist and legs exposing his tanned and ripped chest muscles as he covers tulu with many sheets from her hair roots to pinky toes then lifts and cuddles tulu with her glowing pink cheekbones showing between the sheets creaks into his wet muscular chest , snarling at hico without any words .
ivy appears her pretty same self as in the last line with her shoulder - length shiny blonde hair , pretty blue eyes , slender tallness that decorates with a set of heavy jeweled gems from rubies to emeralds to sapphires to diamonds going from her hair roots to her coral - colored toe nails .
he eye burns my body from hair roots to crossed boot ankles , smirking .
he examines me from my silver tipped hair roots to my pink - painted toes , smiling .
my silver eyeballs that match my silver hair roots catch a slight blurry movement inside the partial open closet while i slowly prance like a pony and wildly investigate with kitty - cat curiosity upon finding a familiar hanging item on a single rack that holds a formal floor - length sheath gray gown with a sparkling diamond tiara , two bracelets , two earrings , and a necklace draped decorating cute - like the single hanger as i giggle with a girly twang .
the warm air currents swiftly change as i t - flash with teleclairvoyance , ducking my pretty head and body on the hard floor beside both fallen dirk and rann , and feeling a wave of hot heat soar too freaking close below my hair roots while the flying rounds of maser beams launch deadly in a series of cross fires of yellow beams while i twist my face to the far battle commotion , seeing ty and his loyal band of ranns honor guard units .
i giggle with a girly twang observing the dark woods and darker blue sky as light rain soaks into my hair roots , freckles and exposed collar bone .
i stiffen with fear then narrow my eyelashes , focusing on the colorful armor from hair roots to toe nails as the skull helmet covers completely the face but illuminates with a set of yellow circles : eyes .
the research reference books scanned by tinas eyeballs and interpreted by her sharp mind has identified thus far from her in - depth studying as she follows the black letters upon the white pages written by humans claims that all the data talk of angels and demons in the languages of talmudic , gnostic , cabalistic , apocalyptic , patristic , and legendary texts as well as stored information on guardian - angels , arch - angels , and the departed loved humans from the greek , roman , egyptian , asian , babylonian , tibetan , buddhist , celtic , theosophical , new age , catholic , cabalistic , jewish , and christian roots ( breathe ) then ( giggles ) .
there s a purposeful reason and a root cause for every single thing in the universe .
he neck snaps his skull at mella , studying her female features from her silky black hair roots to his white t - shirt , smirking with a crooked pair of lips , left then clarifies in a sexy baritone trombone .
the female twirls to the left then faces the male , wiggling both her arms and hands sexy down her body , touching her breasts to her waist then to her hips , smiling and winking , cute - like as the male sways hips left and right , echoing his hands over the females body from hair roots to kneecaps .
tall male hovers over her table as his eyeballs scan her from hair roots to table surface then smiles as priscella smiles and finger points her manicured coral index finger at the empty place across the table , offering friendly .
there was no explanation about what kind of criteria must be present in order for the phoenix or void energy to take root .
no mercenary fervour lit up their eyes when sarah and ossen were marched in ; only a tired resignation , like candle flames eating their way down to the root of the wick , like lights about to go out .
your roots do not lie where you think toby winslett .
they made you dye your hair to match your roots ?
they speak about our roots and our future .
a flash of heat travels from the roots of my hair to the soles of my feet .
the power of a key stems from supernatural roots !
rita rotates a swan neck along with roaming eyelashes from my grayish - silver dirty hair roots to my scruffy boot toes as i hold my breathe and do nt blink one eyelash for the kill shot .
rita orders in a sharp alto splattering vile nasty mouth salvia over the tech world technicians black hair roots .
then i stare at ranns black silky hair roots while eating then cuts eyelashes to my cold food when rann lifts a chin to stare at my silver hair roots .
then i stare at ranns black silky hair roots while eating then cuts eyelashes to my cold food when rann lifts a chin to stare at my silver hair roots .
i express as rann chin whips a face from the dinner plate admiring my hair roots or my sparkling halter top .
her hair was light blonde at the root , but had been dyed a dark blonde a few inches down , then a few inches below that it was light brown , which then became dark brown , then black at the tips .
he seemed to finally understand that kissing me could not solve my problems or take away the root of my pain .
i let vivian , the middle - aged receptionist who needs to touch up her graying roots if she wants everyone to believe that she is a natural redhead , know i m here .
her dyed blonde hairwhich judging by her roots , is in desperate need of a touch upis piled on top of her head in a messy bun .
oh , i breathed , blushing to the roots of my hair .
her hair was bleached white with black streaks , though pale brown showed at the roots .
mental attitude was discussed at some length because it seemed to mr . andrews that this was at the root of their troubles .
oh my god rhapsody whispered as she suddenly realized the root cause of alis evasions .
religions are the root of all evil .
instead of the dichotomy of fear and happiness that is the root emotion for all of the derivative emotions we feel here in the physical realm , there are millions of other emotions that give depth and breadth to consciousness .
she felt a growing excitement in her belly , something small and searching , looking to take root .
she had probably already given a statement confirming that i was the root cause of the afternoons breakdown in civilization , and yes , i had last been spotted fleeing the scene like a criminal .
we left our hometown of los angeles four years earlier , and nothing was stopping her from going back to our roots .
my skin is tan , which shows my native american roots .
the owner of chupov 's roots seemed friendly enough alsountil he saw that viktor had only purchased items from the far east .
it uses basically the same letters as english , and has similar roots .
he saw her korean roots .
henry flushed , feeling hot right down to the roots of his hair .
little would i come to know of her family , but the little i would know was that some part of it had its roots deep in the city of manchester .
` ` it 's the study of languages , particularly those which have developed from a root language we can construct as being only hypothetical , and which we call indo - european . ''
no one suspected that a pharaoh 's curse could be the root and source of all this calamity .
your highness , she began , now blushing to the roots of her hair .
the boy flushed to the roots of his yellow hair , clearly embarrassed that he had obviously been reported on .
you betrayed an entire village of innocent people to help some raving drunk try to bend and fulfill a pagan prophecy that has absolutely no roots in reality .
an older woman , skinnier and pale , casually lounged behind the lobby counter ; her grey roots negated her blond dye job .
my mama stares at his hair roots .
her family , an amazing husband and three awesome kids , have planted their roots in the middle of michele 's two childhood homes in charlotte , north carolina .
the britons put down roots in northumbria ( northumberland and some of scotland nowadays ) , and called the city camelot .
he could deadpan a mid - western accent with no problem , but it was fun to show his southern roots and he liked to have a good time whenever he could .
the one opposite me , blond hair with dark roots , grinned .
the guy with her my voice trailed off when i realized dark roots was walking away , following his loser friends and mckenzie .
i slumped down in the bench , realizing i had been at the root of both my friends issues , but not understanding one better than the other .
so why do some people like ryan try to create some negative issue from this particular means for communication , when its roots are based in the constant aspiration to communicate , which has existed a long , long time before the advent of social networking sites ?
soat the root of these historical facts there s one single re - occurring custom likewhen the beasties are all given up and the fishies are all let go.ya knoweveryones gone and lost foreverly .
look , where we have planted our roots , here in bama .
once an earth witch , always an earth witch , and we always think of our roots .
he has dyed - black hair with gray roots , a thick mustache , and a cigarette in his mouth .
my heart was racing we were touching on the true root of everything .
he d happily gone through physical pain , through humiliation , through threats , through everything , but he was , at his root , a spoiled child who wanted what he wanted and knew not how to resist the call of the moonlight .
they believe that if they can uncover the root of our abilities , they can dig it out and alter it to fit their dark needs .
my skin has an olive tint thanks to dad 's spanish roots and my own addiction to sunshine , and my complexion is generally clear , excluding the occasional raging pimple that plagues everyone .
a nod to my taboo roots .
mr . james would have gotten to the root of the problem first .
as life and death spring from the same root , so too do humans and lurae .
not that it was an open , unexplored area , but rather that whatever was out there was really the root of us all .
find your roots .
she liked to get to the root of the problem straight away and when it came to me she wasted no time to sort it out .
they checked each section of air roots , suppressing the temptation to dwell on those alluring images .
that s where the roots of the ancient language come from .
was karis watcher at the root of the forays into godsel ?
maybe your mage is also at the root of godsels troubles with southern riders and kidnappings , malin suggested .
his fast talking confirmed his new york city roots .
wisdom thrives well at the roots , grand answered without slowing his pace .
if you 'll pardon the pun , interest in the idea of a garden took root in each community .
at the root of this envy was desire and the suspicion that while he , griff , knew full well what desire was , mccready never did , never had and never would .
he shouts over my hair roots being taller .
each girl wears a diamond tiara on top of their long wavy grey hair roots and an assortment of jewelry diamonds around their neck , arms , and ears .
in the back of my mind , my fathers words echo : the root of all evil .
kooce is golden colored from the tip of his hair roots down to the little toe except for the ejon white fingernails and matching toenails hidden inside his new boots .
layers of tissue parted , and tendons and bones , and great slimy veils justin could not name , and then he found what seemed could be nothing other than the esophagus and began tracing it back to its root deep in the body .
they were the root of it all .
archery , spear throwing , chariot racing , horse riding , even the discus : all had their roots in preparing for battle .
but this was tricky as the president of the united states had roots in this country , it would be difficult to take him out here but by doing so a message would definitely be sent that regardless of who you are if you are on the side of the elite at the expense of your own people globally especially your ancestral people your time would come and he would be no different than the leaders of this continent who had fallen days earlier .
with my generation , it was all roots music .
high - minded ideals might lead us to believe that money is the root of all evil , but if we pause to consider that the creation of wealth is merely the creation of value , we can see that money is at the root of very little at all except the value it represents , and the relative moral implications of that value , good or bad .
high - minded ideals might lead us to believe that money is the root of all evil , but if we pause to consider that the creation of wealth is merely the creation of value , we can see that money is at the root of very little at all except the value it represents , and the relative moral implications of that value , good or bad .
to say that money is the root of all evil is a judgment call on the moral character of the pursuer of the money in question , not the money .
lola herself was quietly hopeful that this multi - racial intellectual with an apparently kind heart and african roots would be just what america , and maybe the world , needed .
a : the organization 's original roots are in south and southeast asia , where it began many centuries ago , and tenants of the organization still reflect these origins .
they are highly recommended for those wishing to read truly authentic fiction about nigeria ) websites by chapter in order chapter 1 . http : //ew.com / ew / article/0 , , 306121,00.html chapter 2 . http : //who.int / mediacentre / factsheets / fs348 / en/ world health organization on maternal mortality chapter 3 . http : //afrikaworld.net / afrel / igbo - marriage.htm marriage among the igbo of nigeria by celestine a : obi ( taken from unpublished doctoral thesis submitted to pontifical urban university , rome ( 1970 ) by celestine obi ) http : //everyculture.com / ma - ni / nigeria.html http : //afbis.com / analysis / slave.htm slave trade : a root of contemporary african crisis by tunde obadina ( director of africa business information services ) http : //nytimes.com/2009/01/27 / business / economy/27jobcuts.html chapter 4 . http : //tothepowerofzero.org / facts - faqs - about - telepathy/ https : //youtube.com / watch ? v = e - i7 -- quy5y http : //cyndilauper.com/ http : //oraifite.com / culture - and - traditions / igbo - wedding - pictures.php http : //oilandgasbrief.com / knowledge - base / history - oil - exploration - production - nigeria/351/ for ` ` history of oil exploration and production in nigeria '' http : //doctorswithoutborders.org / aboutus/ chapter 5 . http : //avert.org / aids - nigeria.htm http : //starwoodhotels.com / sheraton / property / overview / index.html ? propertyid=445 http : //globalpost.com / photo/5653257 / lagos - traffic - taxi-2011 - 6 - 23 chapter 6 . http : //whenweruled.com / articles.php ? lng = en & pg=28 http : //wisemuslimwomen.org / muslimwomen / bio / nana_asmau/ chapter 7 . http : //nigeriavillagesquare.com / articles / wayo - guy / wayoguy - in - naija - part-2 - homes - sweet - homes - in - owerri.html http : //themystica.com / mystica / articles / t / telepathy.html http : //straightdope.com / columns / read/1865 / whats - the - story - on - ganzfeld - experiments http : //gallup.com / poll/16915 / three - four - americans - believe - paranormal.aspx chapter 8 . http : //ebonyionline.com / abakaliki - town - profile https : //youtube.com / watch ? v = oody8ce_3zk http : //usaforafrica.org/ chapter 9 . http : //imagine.gsfc.nasa.gov / docs / science / know_l1 / emspectrum.html https : //youtube.com / watch ? v = avgoovl6cb4 http : //songfacts.com / detail.php ? id=3035 http : //news.bbc.co.uk/2 / hi / africa/8126353.stm bbc ` ` shell should end nigeria ' abuse '' tuesday , 30 june 2009 chapter 10 . http : //nytimes.com/2010/06/17 / world / africa/17nigeria.html https : //youtube.com / watch ? v = rzy6w_jbnru http : //pinkfloyd.com/ chapter 11 . http : //goldmanprize.org / node/160 http : //economist.com / node/12267373 ? story_id=12267373 for ` ` risky toughness : the armys tough approach to delta militants could end up uniting them '' from the sep 18th 2008 | lagos | print edition of the economist http : //bbc.co.uk / news / world - africa-11467394 for ` ` who are nigeria 's mend oil militants ? ''
her voice indicated southern roots .
but later , i understood that the roots of many current problems can be found in history .
and many illnesses or conditions could be prevented , treated , or eradicated , simply by replacing the body part at the root of the problem .
its roots , he told me .
not mere sentiment , it is truth and the joy at the root of all creation .
its a sort of sleeping sickness , which has its roots in the past .
his life and experience had led , very clearly , to a middle way , an inner path that represented , through an active principle of compassion , a return to the ancient roots of aryavartan world - affirmation .
the lively seed or kernel planted originally by gotama has permitted , encouraged and stimulated many variations ; many developments , which have branched off and taken root all over the world .
i came to believe , at first , that the cause of suffering was somehow inherent in desire , the deepest root of which is the burning thirst for existence .
desire suggested , since it is ignorance that is at the root of trouble following old customs , obeying rules wo nt help .
since election day very closely followed harvest festival day , politicians often found it necessary to demonstrate their down - home roots by attending the festivities .
but their publicist had always cunningly focused on the girls down - home roots , the salt - of - the - earth values that fed their bond with the fans ; no doubt the planned stopover in tiny skullbone proved the sincerity of that good ol , country - folk kinship .
these skullboners heralded the root of the fame , if not notoriety , of the towns earliest days , and put in mind skullbones other foundational tradition , the playing of music .
well , there s your root cause .
as it entered our universe , it collided with just the right neuron in your head , maybe something in the pineal gland or whatever they consider the root of consciousness these days .
i would guess that you are off in search of your roots .
his ancient group had its roots in bhutan , and the organizations modern name in english was simply onespelled x0 .
yes , the abraham , the root of christianity , judaism and islam .
he s got deep , native tibetan roots .
but it nearly became an extinct language , like latin , clay interjected , despite being a root source of so many other languages .
now i can go there and spend as much time as i want researching my roots . ''
her monumental wave of hair showed hints of grey at its roots and i realised she was probably ten years older than i d first thought .
in the seconds that it took for darryl to ask his questions , pity took root in barton .
these people trace their roots back to the constitution and the very birth of the fight for this nations freedom and independence .
historically , gun control had often been discriminatory , its roots three centuries deep in english law : the poor , catholics , serfs practically any group outside of the protestant landowning gentry were curtailed from having guns .
that s the root of the problem , right there .
and when people protest , the government pays lip service saying yes , we can and we will take care of the root of the problem .
all members in the global council of equals have pledged at a minimum good governance and open government along with other anti - corruption measures ; a non - politicized and uncorrupted justice system ; respect for civil liberties and privacy ; a fair election system ; and a transparent and grass roots representation with a good voter education system .
and we ve forgotten our roots .
modern moroccan terrorism had roots going back to the 1960s and 1970s with the establishment of certain clandestine groups , mainly on university campuses .
all its efforts will now be concentrated on addressing the root causes of poverty and inequality .
that town had not gone so far from its puritan roots as to permit such a thing .
macallister grinned at him and sayers knew from experience that they were getting to the root of the matter .
however , the caves could have been a root cause , a hidden motivation for the whole thing .
it was their celestial home , the true place of the medians , the root of what they were and all that they knew .
empathy being the root of the ability to commune with the other side , understanding those who had come from there and was just another one of the abilities this place enhanced without question .
most likely , his drug habit was at the root of what happened to him in harrocks wood .
it is intrinsically part of it ; in fact , i believe it is the very root of all around us .
initiates from a thousand groups abounded , each claiming roots shrouded in ancient times .
these eight men were the origin of the knights templar and the root cause of the first crusade .
the story has its roots in many streams of history .
anyone seeking for the roots of rennes - le - chateau would inevitably come across de sede 's book .
this is the source , the root of all immortality legends .
the abbey had their roots in a knights templar sect and were probably from the very center of that organization .
his hair was brown at the root and a sun - bleached sandy blond at its length , which straggled its way to mid neck , mid ear , mid eye .
in panic industries tried to go back to their roots in europe but could not get the funds to build the necessary new factories .
my roots are italian .
honestly , the disputes in the balkan have their roots years before the first world war .
all the way up to the top and into the roots of this organisation .
his back , chest , his arms from their roots in his shoulders down to their tips at his fingers , they were leaden and aching .
his wife jane had initially blamed his dedication to his work as the root cause of their problems , now she was encouraging him to continue .
it became just another variant of lawlessness which had its roots in the austerity decade , courtesy of the unimaginable greed of the banking sector in 2008 .
i have the chief here now and he seems to be in a root and branch enquiry mode .
corbett speaks well enough but ca nt quite disguise his geordie roots .
somewhere in our histories , in the endless looking back that we all indulge in , there is often a tendency to believe that we can identify a point in time or a past action of such simple and singular significance that it allows us to say : that 's it that 's the root of it all ; that is what this is .
it is there that i see the roots of failure in western europe .
the roots of my kidnapping lay in the vacuum that sucked the life out of the west following the fall of the roman caesars .
between the fall of the western empire and the preaching of the first crusade , a period of turmoil and shift in the west , our faith took root and then , with alarming vigour , spread across the mediterranean .
many things have changed for the better , but the roots of our power remain deep in the cultural soil ploughed by a long line of ancestors who held simple and fundamental views .
that s at the root of all this shit were in , marwan .
56 at the beginning of this memoir i said that somewhere in our histories , in the endless looking back that we all indulge in , there is often a tendency to believe that we can identify a point in our time or a past action of such simple and singular significance that it allows us to say , that 's it : that 's the root of it all that is what this is .
they will threaten the very roots of our beliefs and innocences .
that is how people learn the meaning of life , through understanding pain and finding the root cause you do nt have emotions ?
now , i realize the root of the , the arabian nights .
another possibility is her fashionista roots being overwhelmed by fury at the sight of what even in my eyes could be considered an abomination of style and the color spectrum , and i ve actually seen my and everyones share of real abominations , mind you .
a future career in politics sounds like a fairly good reason , though ; the people need to think your roots are the same , although they expect you to be superior to them in honesty and morals .
it was stupid of her to expect more when the boundaries were established ; it was idealistic to think something that started so wicked and wrong could become a proper relationship despite its roots .
both seamus ' and sarah 's families traced their roots in the old neighborhood back over 150 years , having arrived with the immigrants from ireland in the 1820 's .
the familys roots were in ireland , in enniskerry near dublin , but due to their fathers work commitments , they spent most of their childhood in the north of england .
i had no idea your roots were in england .
we talked about the root of my problems .
another bleached blonde with her dark roots showing sat at a desk with a nameplate : tricia .
colouring to the roots of his hair , gianni stuttered his apologies , then continued stirring .
getting back to your roots and stuff .
now he was on the dole , without a chance of a decent job , living in a place where he had no roots .
that was standard procedure but led to a terrible delay in getting to the root of the problem , and unnecessarily associating malsanto co. with an emergency that they had nothing to do with .
faith is the basis of the path , the mother of virtue ; it nourishes all roots of goodness .
she massaged her neck with her left hand , digging at the knotted muscles , trying to break up the stress and head off the headache before it took root .
but the problem was that he could never tell them what lay at the root of what was troubling him .
tally knew that with its strong cultural and black roots tag , haveling would nt dare give it the thumbs - down .
it would be like a return to roots for my mum .
snapper industries had up until the purchase had its manufacturing and headquarters in fort smith , arkansas since 1923 where the company was founded and has deep roots .
welcome to rome the root of evil is greed obelisk follow me thoths brotherhood they stood in silence , listening to the cleaning of the graffiti .
because what both medici and ficino were after , the root of the renaissance , the great rebirth , was the old heritage .
carly was given the opportunity to discuss her doctoral work after it was quickly agreed that a genetic disorder seemed to be at the root of the illness .
perhaps it was time to delve into the darknet messages once more , and add a further stumbling block for the police to trip over before they came anywhere near the root cause of the trouble .
a killer never leaves the root of the deed without polluting it with something personal .
the stars twinkled in the clear rain washed sky , the moon hung on the horizon ; distant and silver , the view is so much better without a window , perhaps we should keep it this way , i laughed , from the root of my deepest self , i felt my laughter rise like a bubble , and once it had burst there was no controlling it .
i must get to the root of this matter .
so actually , they trace their roots to the missionary activity of thomas the apostle .
the european scholars always felt that the original speakers of any root indo - european language must have been white .
do n't worry , read it carefully and you will understand our history , philosophy and culture , you will realize that we are all one race with common roots .
laura was one of the rare people who actually had roots in the capitol region .
the city was too small and the area too affluent , and even though his sign was honest -- disabled vet any help appreciated he had frequent run - ins with the police no matter where he tried to set down panhandling roots .
they normally got their recruits from muslim countries and would immediately grow suspicious of anybody appearing to have american roots .
instead , the initial impetus and ensuing dream of hope for change had been diverted away from its roots by some weak - minded and corrupt politicians .
the roots of modern philippines history , just like most nations ' discovered ' by europeans , were laid down in violence .
his beloved south africa , the land of his birth ; the root of so much love , and so much pain .
remember , the mafia has robin hood roots .
secretly , james silver had doubts about captain rob 's authenticity , and his roots .
richard fell for another love , the root of all evil .
many people think intelligence and the military are the strongholds of the undermining of the social fabric of regional concerns , however , politics and business are at the root of social illness .
on the pedestal below the statue were engraved the words : avaritia the root of this world around her were six golden poles with lamps burning on their top .
for some reason the idea that a serious mental illness could have been at the root of the killing almost comforted ashe .
whatever the root , women did nt pay attention to him .
hallucinations , involving possible visions , are most likely present and the root cause behind the crimes .
if someone is dealing with overwhelming anxiety , documenting their dreams might show the root of that anxiety , like a bad boyfriend or stress at their job .
it was one the central theme that had been at root of the murderers .
this is an international case with terrorist roots .
` ` we 're just gon na have us a little family visit for a few weeks and then we 'll go back to my humble roots and i 'll get me a job somewhere . ''
most of the people had lived there for generations with deep blue - collar roots ; they filled the high school football stadium on friday nights ; they faithfully passed school levies ; they did their best to provide a good life for their families .
all the evils that had happened to his family over the past 55 years had the same root cause .
the russians could not control the chechnyan led russian mafia within russia , so the alternative was to hit the home bases , the real root of the russian problem .
as hengist saw it , freedom was an enemy to peace and america was the root and cause of the worlds problems in 2040 .
music was to me , from that moment on , the root of all things .
money , as they say , is the root of all evil .
her hair was tinged blond at the roots , just like the slayers .
myra said my husband has been at the root of a great deal of evil .
the roots of one of these old ones would likely bring as much as ten thousand dollars .
hildia was very concerned that heirs of respected families are driven farther and farther away from their noble roots .
you 'll be spared from the root of your troubles ... selena was darting her eyes from shmug to pervert , unsure what to say .
turtle said that most of the lumber buildings in town burnt down at least once or twice since he put down roots in the area .
ghost stories have taken root for a reason , primarily that there is nothing more terrifying on the planet that stepping into an empty house at night alone , particularly one you ve never set foot in .
meyer had noticed a spark of hope in her worried eyes as he mentioned his jewish roots .
all the new movements in music , the arts , the cinema , and the theater had their roots here .
woermann was now convinced there was an unarmed civilian of sorts at the root of all the deaths in the keep .
i ' m going to select a few and trace them back to their roots .
it shook me to see how far i 'd traveled from my roots .
` ` my family roots are back in the pine barrens , but i am by no stretch of the imagination a piney .
i may be able to track a folk myth to its very roots !
once they discovered this they firewalled their servers against ours , but then upon digging a little deeper they realized that our entire system was compromised at root from this i.p .
first , remember where you came from , your roots , your past , and your journey .
get to the root of what is already therethe essence .
i feel compelled to remind you of your roots .
they sat there in silence for several minutes as she reflected on the root of her problems .
did you know homosexuality is the root of the vampire legend ?
so this is your roots .
money is the root of all evil .
as was often the case , money was at the root of decision - making .
on the plane , when you asked me about my roots in saluda , why did nt you mention that you were from here ?
your mom would never let me , she said she had established roots and she would n't uproot them .
that morning he stuffed the box inside his green backpack and took it with him to class , intending to see if she knew anything about it , but she was as ignorant of its origins as everyone else he d spoken with , his last chance at an answer severed at its root .
he saw the mirror where he wrote , money is the root of all evil ; and quietly laughed to himself .
he thought back to the message on the mirror about money being the root of all evil .
there was an interesting expression written on the bathroom mirror about money being the root of all evil that i m guessing your husband wrote .
he was a good guy , a casual guy , a local who never strayed from his beach town roots in his thirty - year legal career .
but my long legs , height and light build still expose my foreign roots .
his vocabulary is reverting to his inner city roots now , i can hear that he is upset .
your roots define most of who you are as a person .
i deny this idea forcefully to lucien : in my view everyone has a permanent opportunity of re - inventing themselves away from their roots .
this goes to the root of all that is bad in our world , and ever was .
since many americans roots originate from both africa and europe , the powerful son would return home to take care of their aging , ailing parents .
her badge displays the name davina , oriental eyes with hair tight at the roots .
a grin took root and spread across his lips .
their rural roots are everywhere : in the division of the city into tight - knit , local - patriotic ` ` settlements '' ; in the traditional marriages and funerals ; in the scarcity of divorces despite the desperate shortage in accommodation ; in the asphyxiating but oddly reassuring familiarity of faces , places , behaviors and beliefs , superstitions , dreams and nightmares .
at the root of every society is a rule of law to protect its innocent citizens , and that is why we must listen to your conversationsto protect you .
they re your roots too .
i was making some observations , but have nt come to the root cause of the failure yet .
he reached for his phone , found the accursed nokia the root of all this evil , the subject of the deal that never was put it back with a shudder and found his phone , and powered it up .
` ` good science fiction has its roots in good science . ''
from that spot , for the first time in his life , langdon saw beyond the pollution and traffic of rome to its ancient roots - citt di dio - the city of god .
at first dean claimed his move north was the root of his problem .
opus dei 's traditionalist philosophy initially had taken root in spain before franco 's regime , but with the 1934 publication of josemaria escriva 's spiritual book the way - 999 points of meditation for doing god 's work in one 's own life - escriva 's message exploded across the world .
the word 's roots actually reached back to the latin paganus , meaning country - dwellers .
the roots of iambic pentameter were deeply pagan .
langdon had read descriptions of this ceremony and understood its mystic roots .
langdon knew it was no coincidence that the word minstrel and minister shared an etymological root .
now , suddenly he had an inkling of why he might be here , where the root of the mystery lay , and he gave an involuntary shudder , as if someone had walked over his grave .
no doubt much of the root cause of this accidie is physical - liver , kidneys , heart , the usual weak points of the middle - aged .
she blushed to the roots of her hair and then turned pale .
i had all my hair taken out by the roots , my thick nose made thin , my mouth widened , my lips sliced .
the blonde hair under the rakish velvet beret would be brown at the roots and as coarse as piano wire .
medicine does n't get to the root of the trouble .
freemasonry had its roots , traditionally , in the stone masons ' guilds of europe and was therefore a man 's organization .
beside that is ceres , goddess of grain and root of our word cereal ; she 's sitting on the mccormick reaper , the farming breakthrough that enabled this country to become a world leader in food production .
misunderstanding a culture 's symbols is a common root of prejudice . ''
of course , we ' ve all forgotten that this word is not a toy ; it has roots in ancient aramaic mysticism -- avrah kadabra -- meaning ` i create as i speak . '
unmarried , unattached , no family , no roots .
jennifer 's dilemma was that she no longer had a home or roots .
and the root of that is money .
i have to remember my roots .
isiko is our roots .
judd had felt that he was guiding burke to a point where they could begin deep analysis and start to attack the root of the problem .
she had come from a small town - mena , arkansas - and still had her small - town roots .
he watched her , feeling the intensity , knowing its roots , seeing her face in the pale orange glow of dawn .
he was entering late , with no groundwork in place , no grass roots , no local support of any kind .
so this was his heritage , his roots .
` ` islam , judaism , and christianity trace their roots to him , though the story of his life differs in each .
the old testament has its roots there ?
but the information they ' ve got does n't retrieve any cons ops personnel files - no matter what root you probe in the system .
it was not the wayenvisioned by a man he had once known inconnecticut as avery fowler hardly the legal tacticswhose roots were in ridicule as prescribed by a.preston halliday in geneva , but there was no timenow .
it gaveyou the only real roots you ever had .
` ` okay , let 's start with the premise that these coincidences , as you call them , have their roots in a conspiracy .
' the bitches are the root of all evil . '
if they 're using the same root algorithm , which i ' m sure they are , i should be able to crack it . '
once webb reached the outskirts of georgetown , the sky took on a deeper radiance ; an eerie kind of stillness had taken root , as if the passing countryside was holding its breath .
she told him she wanted to hypnotize him in order to get at the root of his rage .
` ` ah , now we get to the root of the matter . ''
then china will be ruled by a nationalist zealot whose ideological roots are in taiwan . '
20 by noon of that paralysing day when kai tak was merely an airport and not an assassination field , ambassador havilland had described to a stunned catherine staples the broad outlines of the sheng conspiracy with its roots in the kuomintang .
it was a long- range plan , its roots in zealotry and revenge ... ' webb listened as the incredible story of sheng chou yang unfolded , each block in place , each fact convincingly the truth for there was no reason any longer for lies .
` ` that 's the root of my unhappiness .
marco had been nowhere , but as the laid - back canadian tourist with italian roots he had put together a mock itinerary .
` ` it 's still russian smallpox that 's at the root of all this , sir .
whitehall was a black cynic , a now - londoner whose roots and expertise were in the west indies but whose outlook was aggressively self - perpetuating .
once having established the root symbol as the primitive horn , it remained for piersall to specify the modification of the accompanying sounds .
no one , except the analysts of the darker arts of brush fire insurrections , those men and women who spent their days and nights probing , dissecting , finally perceiving the roots of orchestrated revolt .
' my roots are arab . '
' jersey city , ' replied the wild - eyed man with kendrick 's hat on his head , ' but my roots are in warsaw !
something about the sailor suggested a man who knew the docks and waterfronts of the aegean , and the unsavory enterprises that took root there .
but it 's also kind of an explore - your - roots thing .
you come in search of your roots , because you want to be exotic .
the commonwealth 's roots lay squarely within pirate society , a raucous , reckless , rapacious bunch for sure , but one with laws .
he was the last of the notorious istrebiteli , that highly specialized group of exterminators that had been an 61ite outgrowth of the old nkvd , its roots in the barely remembered ogpu .
the brogue was an affectation , no roots in ireland .
the old woman smiled , a smile with its roots in sadness .
its roots go back centuries , to an islamic prince named hasan ibn - al - sabbah .
that his name had its roots in the word ' guida , ' or guide .
the dilemma was clearer than it had ever been : they had traced the matarese from its roots in corsica through a federation of multinational corporations that encircled the globe ; they knew it financed terror the world over , encouraged the chaos that resulted from assassinations and kidnappings , killing in the streets and aircraft blown out of the skies .
he would mount an imaginary invasion , its roots in the sort of army the shepherd boy understood as well as anyone on earth .
where would such a man go but to his roots when he 's about to pull off a worldwide catastrophe ? ''
he wanted to be danilo again , senhor silva , with his quiet life in his simple house , where the maid spoke to him in melodic portuguese heavily tinted with her indian roots .
each of the four , the big four as they were known in financial circles , could easily trace its roots to nineteenth - century tobacco brokers in the carolinas and virginia .
there was something modestly heroic about him , about this errant who was trying to find his roots .
you see your power threatened - by theories , governments , strange - sounding concepts which eat away at your roots .
the soil had been scorched by the nazis , these industrialists realized , and without the massive infusion of resources at key moments , socialism would begin to take root , first in europe , then throughout the world .
the receptionist , a middle - aged frau with peroxide blond hair whose dark roots were showing , gave him a coy smile while he sat waiting for the military attache .
he was going to get to the root of the matter .
jimmy , aware he 'd been on the verge of indiscretion , flushed to the roots of his reddish hair .
martin 's will had finally been probated ; of course , money was at the root of barrett 's rancor .
she 'd barely showed up in school , slouched in the back of every class , and now , she made a beeline for the back , wearing ratty tight cut - offs and clumpy boots , her bleached hair showing dark at the roots .
a couple of hours before dawn , tucker reached the small town of dimitrovgrad , a place that had never strayed far from its soviet - era roots .
closer up , her silver roots showed and the added decades of living in these desert borderlands and the punishment of the sun became evident in the leathering of her face , which more resembled hide than skin .
as her cab drove away , she stared through the back window , her earnest eyes penetrating me , gnawing at the root of my restlessness .
i had begun to think of myself not so much as a templar but a man with assassin roots and templar beliefs , whose heart had briefly been lost to a mohawk woman .
i ' ve begun to wonder if , given my roots and my current position within the order , i ' m not perfectly placed to somehow unite assassin and templar ... '' i stopped .
he darted forward with his sword swinging , coming for altair , perhaps hoping to strike at the roots of the rebellion : kill altair , stop the uprising .
but here , where he 'd grown up and planted roots , he always looked like he was a half - sentence behind every conversation , a half - step out of beat with everyone else 's stride , the last one to get a joke .
phil kept his eyes down , the roots of his hair dark with sweat .
he shook his head , the loss of her draining him to his root .
it was , true to its original roots and its given name , a social club .
was this the root of the pain he 'd discovered within her ?
this was survival against illegal action , and trent was at the root of it .
at its root , being a werewolf , what with the nudity and the tyranny of the moon , was essential y undignified .
feminine energy was every bit as potent as male , but it held roots of nurturing and compassion .
there was a strand of evil woven into the very fabric of the neighborhood , and he needed to find its root .
rowan was certain dragos was at the root of what went on here tonight .
that 's how you were able to walk out of the infirmary last night ... '' chase felt the terror rolling off the man as comprehension finally , fully , took root in the human 's stricken face .
` ` you mean , other than the fact that there 's some kind of alien roots in your history ? ''
and although he 'd been a stupid boy , hardly able to recognize the bone - deep fear at the root of his sullenness and pain , mira had been far wiser , even as a child .
both of them grunted with the force of their joining , both of them shuddering as he seated himself to the root , filling her , stretching her like a silken glove around his girth .
teeth : vampire fangs , pulled out at the root .
if they 're all like you and ellasbeth , scrabbling for money and power , maybe you ' ve gone so far from your roots , so far from grace and moral standing , that you 're already dead as a species .
he would rather feel nothing than relive the agony of his past - the same agony that could very well become his present if he allowed a simple memory to take root and sprout its poisonous branches .
` ` i know this is a subject that pains you , my love , but if we are to get to the root of this matter , you must see that there may indeed be a correlation . ''
long enough to see his agony , to understand that this was the root of his pain - she just did n't know why .
to her surprise , the beautiful pattern of tattoos continued all the way down here , curling around the root of his erection like adoring , multihued fingers .
guilt was at the root of her anguish , the regret that she had n't been more careful with camden .
still , in many ways , they held fast to their historic roots .
being the good , dutiful chosen was not in her hardwiring , and that was the root of all of the problems between her and her mother .
an internal burn had taken root and used her gut for kindling , the heated smoke from that fire filling her lungs , crowding out the oxygen .
but the root cause did nothing to temper the emotions .
then perhaps he would put down some roots somewhere else in america - there would be no returning to the old country .
and this was the root of the problem they had .
and after a lifetime of wondering about his father and his roots , he thought ... he could find out the truth now .
it took ejaculation , along with a simultaneous exchange of blood at that precise moment , for vampire life to take root in a breedmate female 's body .
bonnie could feel herself blushing right up to the roots of her hair .
i could n't deliberately slip from reason into these fantasies or recollections supposing they had a true root .
what if the dreams do have their root in your migrant soul ?
it was the root of al our problems with the kitsune .
and though i did n't know why , a slow feeling of alarm took root .
something was troubling alexander and i had to get to the root of it .
but the change was , at its root , not natural .
but like all outsiders in good faith with the establishment , they tended to forget their revolutionary roots and side with the establishment .
the order meant to take dragos out at the roots .
the night had been an utter disaster , but now that i thought about it , maybe this was the root of the i.s .
i could n't be angry at her for loving two men and finding a child to love where she could , and as i stood to give her a hug , an unexpected feeling of peace took root .
that had been the root of her disappointment so long ago .
they took my root power .
distantly related to witches , each was born with a root ability that they considered akin to a soul .
yet he leveled his tone when he asked , ` ` what was your root power ? ''
i do nt know , he said , and whatever tight control he d been hanging on to ripped loose at the roots .
something tingled at the roots of elena 's hair .
i mean , he 's utterly brilliant , but when that part of him rises , i mean , the vampire part ... ` ` now she did flush all the way to her roots .
in all your civility , you ' ve forgotten that the root of a vampire 's nature is vio- lence , particularly when the end he seeks is total domination , ` ` ma- son snapped .
a vital pain at the roots of her being .
the back of her head tingled ; and the tingling moved through the roots of her hair .
sul en silence greeted her from the root cel ar .
there was silence from the root cel ar .
maybe caroline said something about me to make her do it to me , because she - she ... '' matt nodded , but he was blushing to the fair roots of his hair .
matt flushed to the roots of his fair hair .
pain even in the roots of my hair .
but that would be to ignore the root of our problem and leave the way open for further acts of treason .
` ` you strike at the very root of us ! ''
` ` at the root ! ''
` ` i suppose the root of the protectorate is to seek truth and protect the innocent .
but , like most myths , it has its roots in fact .
i showed him my best moves , and he never forgot his roots .
but the scent of redwood was comforting , plucking a need to go back to my roots , and i breathed it in deep .
it was making a lot of ugly sense , and a slow burn of anger took root as i hiked my coat closer and put one cold foot before the other .
zydeco , she said , because it spoke to her cajun roots .
they 'll worship the risen messiah , and then his hasid roots can be known , and it will all be written down ; it will become the great turning point in history . ''
you must get to the root of the mystery , and that is best done if you come together .
this entity , this being , is at the root of what we are .
the voice is the root of our tribe . ''
i ' m going to prescribe a sleep aid for you tonight , to help curb late - night snacking , and the specialist will get to the root of your problem .
he cut those thoughts off at the root .
i ' m talking about figuring out the root of your problem , whatever it is , and getting my little girl back ! ''
i next had an impression of the asian philosophical yin and yang symbol , the white and black teardrop interconnected , and i understood that archibald maximus , and others like him , were here to balance a darkness that had taken root .
several years ago , arthur had uncovered rumors of a secret order buried deep within the catholic church , one that traced its roots to its most ancient days - a blood cult known as the order of the sanguines .
did a memory of this horror lie at the root of ritualistic tooth filing , a macabre mimicry of a real terror forgotten in the modern age ?
` ` maybe that quest has its roots in this legend .
it was an ancient weapon called a karambit , one that traced its roots back centuries .
as horror faded , another realization took root , one full of promise .
a field of black curls took root , shadowing her scalp with the promise of new growth .
knowing curran , he would shut down the whole operation at the root .
a perfectly shaped bird feather , red at the root and tinted with emerald green at the edge .
her worship stretched through two millennia , its roots buried in the fertile folkloric soil of turkey and asia .
gertrude hunt had the advantage of age -- the inn had really deep roots , but it had stood abandoned for so long .
as humanity moves closer and closer to interstellar space flight , the ordinators are getting desperate , because once we reconnect with the root civilization , it 's all over for them .
the scream that rose in my throat came not from my vocal cords but from the very root of my soul .
every decision i made ever since i 'd opened myself up to my magical roots required debate .
our investigation just withered at the root and died .
before the cyrillic alphabet , the slavs used glagolitic script , which took root in strokes - and - incisions writing -- slavic runes .
` ` and that is the root of it all .
` ` the lack of money is the root of all evil , mr .
it 'd been clear to me from the start that he and his queen had been together since the very beginning ; both of their accents still held traces of their russian roots .
the count and his family , descendants of the feudal overlords whose roots dated back to 1252 , maintained four restored farmhouses that now served as guesthouses .
blanche devries blushed to the roots of her dyed red hair .
her roots , the majority of her memories , were here .
grandfather had been a businessman more interested in profit , and he discovered that a few other families who were saddled with these dependents were also looking to shake off their humanitarian roots and acquire some serious wealth - the kind of wealth that could have an impact on the world .
first we or the humans must find the root of this sickness .
that is what is at the root of her desire to die .
she could n't stop the blush burning into the roots of her hair .
the root of this evil .
there are no longer any givons , any absolutos -- no root to our oxistonco .
his point was , what if those things aro n't just suporstitionsi what if thoy are diroctly rolatodi not soparato foars linked by our subconscious -- but what if thoy have actual roots in our pasti in othor words , what if those aro n't common mythsi what if thoy are common truthsi '' oph found it difficult to procoss thoory down in the undorbolly of the bosioged city .
this addiction ... this hungor for pain lios , in fact , at the root of our vory origin ... sotrakian took anothor stop toward the last romaining ancient .
thoy ovon got doublo the oxposuro at the uv camps , to mako suro thoir vitamin d took root .
of course , nathan was still listening , causing ashe to flush to the roots of his hair .
the root of all our troubles can be found with the quarter bloods , '' narissa pounded her hand against a thick cell bar .
` ` the root of all your troubles can be placed on the elemaiya 's treatment of their quarter blood children , '' griffin pointed out .
a sergeant , standing nearby and watching , yelled at him , causing the boy to flush to the roots of his light - brown hair .
the young man had short , spiked hair , black roots with blond tips , piercings in every visible body part and additional piercings that i could make out beneath his thin shirt and low - riding jeans .
the white of his shirt contrasted with his skin color , which was several shades darker than mine - like he had european roots or something .
we have been unable to find the root of this problem .
another drop of water splashes , this time against my bare foot , sending a shiver all the way from my toes to the roots of my hair .
that this is the root and bud of it all , the beginning and the end .
maybe there 's a sort of chest - beating satisfaction at the root of this .
tilda spent a solid minute laughing , flushed to the roots of her hair .
these days , members spent most of their time tracking their civil war roots for documentaries and miniseries like the blue and the gray .
flushing to the roots of my hair , i groaned .
` ` but love , child , love is the root of all that is good , and the root of all things that are evil .
` ` but love , child , love is the root of all that is good , and the root of all things that are evil .
love is the root of the apollyon . ''
a seedling of panic took root .
i scrub away , workin ' my fingers in her thick , black hair , gettin ' the soap down to the roots .
the mere thought of you swimming with nothing but the water ... '' he trailed off , cleared his throat , and i flushed to the roots of my hair .
flushing to the roots of my hair , i opened my mouth , but he cut me off .
this was where their friendship had taken root , and when the mural was finished , the owner had hired them to paint a scene of skeletons on toilets in the cafe 's bathroom .
it was just so very far outside of everything , so deeply abnormal , and ... liraz knew that at the root of it was jealousy , and she hated that .
i think , this is stupid , i 'll never find hana , there are too many people- and then a new song starts , this one just as wild and beautiful , and it 's like the music reaches across all that black space and pulls at something at the very heart and root of me , plucking me like a string .
-from the roots and repercussions of amor deliria nervosa on cognitive functioning , 4th edition , by dr . phillip berryman august makes itself comfortable in portland , breathes its hot and stinking breath over everything .
something aches at the very core of me , something ancient and deep and stronger than words : the filament that joins each of us to the root of existence , that ancient thing unfurling and resisting and grappling , desperately , for a foothold , a way to stay here , breathe , keep going .
it 's considered dirty , disgusting , a symptom of disease taken root .
why would a town focused on a tourist trade of american indian artifacts have a bracelet with ancient egyptian roots ? ''
i was kneeling astride his legs , one hand wrapped around the root of him to stop him springing upwards .
` ` it is the root of what we do , and it has one golden rule - name it ! ''
then i remembered that the best covers always have their roots in the truth .
` ` it 's better than colgan , '' kat said , knowing that all good lies have their roots in the truth .
we ' ve never had access to the internet , cell phones or even a television because she believes technology is the root of all evil in the world .
she has homeschooled me my whole life ( public school is another root of evil ) and i ' ve been begging to be enrolled since six planted the idea in my head .
now that i have a closer look at him , it 's apparent the stomach virus is n't the root of the sudden stomach issues at all .
she 's looking a little old to be set up with my dad , and her gray roots need to be touched up .
he was the root of the problem .
i ' m the root of their problems .
twenty maggie ' m sitting across from a girl with dyed - blonde hair and dark roots .
she 's still got dyed - black hair , light brown at the roots , but her clothes are n't as freaky as when i left .
flushing to the roots of my hair , i turned around and gripped the edges of my desk .
this was the root of my mother 's hatred for dr . warthrop .
i never realized how deep my roots are in this town , even though i ' ve been gone from fairfield for almost six years .
` ` your norm roots ?
that smirk was still there , as if she knew the root of spencer 's bizarre behavior .
` ` well , maybe the root of your problem is different . ''
the root of all my evils .
his eyes narrow at the roots and i know what he sees : a half inch of golden - blond hair .
three months ago you had no roots here , but now , you ' ve got them . ''
now my hair is an inch and a half of golden - blond at the roots , black flows over my shoulders , and black stripes even it out .
i had put down roots in salvation , though i did n't love all of the rules .
` ` although maybe lady arista is right , and gambling is the root of all evil , '' i went on .
around them , in the living world , the chaos born from this awful evening was taking root .
he could finally see the root of her fear .
` ` that seems to be the root of the problem , does n't it ? ''
i liked the way gabriel helped me get to the root of my thoughts and down to the very core of what i had never put into words .
i pushed forward , passed the road blocks he threw in my way and toward the root of what i wanted to know .
most of the kingdom was very ethnically diverse , and scattered all across the globe , but when our races were divided after derrick , the titans were forced to stay within their roman roots .
i slumped down in the bench , realizing i had been at the root of both my friends ' issues , but not understanding one better than the other .
that probably was n't fair to him , but there it was all the same- the root of my issue .
because at the root of my heartache and intense pain was n't just nate and jupiter , was n't even mostly nate and jupiter .
` ` ssh , '' she hissed at him , subtly sliding the actual book she had been reading under a copy of practical taekwondo : back to the roots .
desire for her mate flooded up from the pit of her belly , flushing her skin to the roots of her hair .
she 's older , with blonde hair and dark roots , and she always has red lipstick on her teeth .
i step back , bumping into a bleached blonde with dark roots .
` ` you men never left your caveman roots behind . ''
and if i did n't know the root of it , i could n't fix it .
her face is completely red , right to the roots of her dyed hair .
and , by working backward , the root of behavior : motivation .
his eyelashes were dark at the roots and almost white at the tips .
wendy instantly flushes to the roots of her hair and starts backing toward the closet door , but mom charges right in to look at her .
my gold roots are starting to show .
now , as he stands there , waiting for the so - called akron awol to shut up , a seed starts to take root in starkey 's mind .
blond hair with a hint of brown roots , and just a little makeup .
` ` i ' m not a potted plant , '' she tells him , and hurls her glass of flat root beer at the door as it closes behind him .
he 's not tall , but he 's muscular , with a mop of red hair with much darker roots .
` ` you 'd be amazed how deep the roots of the movement go and how committed people are .
i know that when you learn the particulars of the most recent unfortunate events concerning your family , you will rant and rave and wish nothing more than to have the satisfaction of wringing the neck of our impulsive miss faber for having been , we must admit , the root cause of the current mess .
i ' m sure she is checking my roots to see if my hair is dyed .
had n't i just said i needed to get back to my roots ?
understanding took root and grew limbs .
he could guess the root of it .
and now a shiver of recognition ran down my spine as panic plucked at the root of me .
the doctor seemed pretty sure that this was the root of addison 's trouble .
most of us have our roots there .
many were involved , but i expect to find copernum at the root of it . ''
he finished with a slice of blue root pie .
tori flushed to the roots of her hair .
she 's greek - getting in touch with my roots . ''
adam tried so hard to hide his roots , but they came out in the smallest of gestures .
my grandparents are pretty connected to our french roots . ''
the more i thought about it , the more obvious the root of the problem seemed .
` ` blessings to you and the earth at your roots . ''
on the whole i believe women to be the root of all trouble , i do not see how you can escape that trouble no matter what you may do .
there had been bad blood between your families for three generations , there was a root where the problem had begun .
therefore if he has that root of course you have to find your internal root , of truth and fairness and integrity.- and go forth with it .
but if i can get to the root of a matter , its to me rightful and stable and right and existing and straight and faithful and loved and liked and favorable and enjoyable and amazing and enormous and repaired and acceptable and good and fine where have you taken these words from ?
langue is french for tongue and the root of the word language .
it requires a grass roots effort , and it has to start with individuals , with us .
the solution does not start at the top with our so - called leaders ; it starts at the grass roots level with individuals .
` ` i believe your two questions have the same roots .
he saw it for what it was , the root of temptation , he accepted , he understood .
he supposed he was a fighter , for all it mattered , it was the cause to which he and his brother were bound that was the root of these peculiarities .
she wailed unhappily , bright red from her collar to the roots of her hair .
at the root of it was a legend as was the case in so many of the expeditions , and as with many a legend the story was partly rooted in recorded history .
a lot of people think the pueblo tribes can trace their roots back to the great anasazi civilization .
` ` i 'll have you know , '' said jerome in his distinctly proper english with its ethiopian accent , ` ` that we all have the same mother , originating in the deepest roots of africa .
darins feet seemed to take root in the ground ; a rushing sound filled his head and he felt himself drawn headlong into the vortex of that compelling gaze .
precautions had to be taken at the airbase , because the saudis were , at their roots middle - eastern muslims , and some were spies for al qaeda and other radical islamic groups .
he could retire in comfort on the coast of baja california where he had family roots and owned property .
to ... keep us connected to our roots .
i did nt realize that the church was part of the order of the serpent but obviously we still have deep roots in these parts .
the eye goes back to our egyptian roots and is unique to the third division .
its time we returned to our roots .
at every valley and picturesque village i wanted to get off and explore the impenetrable mystery lying at the root of all life .
chapter 12 : on the mountaintop one could hear the rustle of the pines and feel the deep , impenetrable mystery that lies at the root of all life .
he felt himself blushing to his roots and tried to stop staring , but he could nt .
we have chosen to have no weapons of war and this is at the root of our present predicament , as you shall see .
i ca nt decide whether to get a blonde wig and look like me , or get you to pin it up so the roots do nt show .
cities have always started off as little domiciles where , for some reason or another , a family or group decided to settle in and put down roots .
the organization had widespread roots , and an active recruitment drive , with its own newspaper directed towards prison inmates .
connor was excited to get his hands in the dirt and return to his roots of farming .
indubitably they have many roots and are sometimes widespread , though all are interconnected irrevocably so , as they so obviously issue from the same source .
as pointed out above , the mere fact of alienage is the root and cause of the distinction between the alien and the national as a trader .
they thanked her and she followed her photographer swishing blonde hair and dark roots .
it hurt her to know the root of her reinstated enthusiasm was one that would undoubtedly perform the inverse on kayleigh .
she said it was the root of all evil .
the root of the discontent that he admitted , at least to himself , he had sowed throughout the village in recent years .
whatever the real facts of his arrival , there seemed to be no disputing the fact that he had in fact arrived at the time , settled amongst the trees on the hill and eventually sired a family that became the root of a thousand years of history .
this curious assignment leads bennington to germany , and along with a vivacious young co - accomplice named sabina , he tracks the artifacts whereabouts first to munich and berlin then to amsterdam on behalf of a 600 - year - old secret organization with its roots in the holy roman empire .
the conflict of the present day has its roots in a far older one .
he stood quietly and let his eyes wander across the trunks of the young trees which had taken root on the flat some forty or fifty years ago .
its easier for me - i do nt have roots here , like you .
a time , up to the lion rock symbolizes the spirit of hong kong , seeing the bustling little mountain , looking back , that he was just a passing , did not belong to this was supposed to be the root of their own place !
he reached for her hair and tore to the roots as he drove his body into hers .
she got some soap root and dried lavender and headed for the pool .
he looked at chandar thinking , where are your roots ?
the root of our compassion may well be fear for ourselves mixed with relief that it was not on us that such misfortune fell .
it numbed him and caressed him , stroking the root of his being .
she was grateful to james miller , and more so to his partner amos rivers , whom she suspected was the root of her welcome at the mercantile .
it was root hog or die from his side of things .
is not curiosity the root of all wisdom ?
as i was the medical physician of the ship dealing with the deaths , an overwhelming challenge without identifying a root cause of the infectious disease .
naw , i remembered my old home roots in the country .
she has to be the root of all this evil .
the root cause is said to be each leader proclaiming their city and theirs alone was blessed by levora , the goddess of the sea , bringer of prosperity and longevity ; therefore their city should be the only one allowed to fish from her seas .
senn chuckles and looks down at her hair roots being taller .
woot views jons hair roots behind the chair , frowning with confusion .
woot stares at jons hair roots being taller .
a skinny , older lady with huge , saggy boobs , and with bright yellow dyed hair with dark roots showing was bartending .
it 's all nonsense , '' she said and pushed her glasses right up to the root of her nose .
i see rows of teen females in various colored hair roots , skin tones , and clothing .
and , stay out of our other glossy colored hair roots , non - girlfriend .
power , young man , power its the root of everything .
he wasnt a bad looking guy , but he had a rough , kidding side that sometimes showed his irish roots .
shes never seen that coming out of sammy and he always exuded a calm demeanor , but his mean irish roots came clear and cold and it was so strange and sad and exciting all at the same time .
and take root it did !
rich went into caine mode &  we go now ,   he said , easily picking up on the character from kung fu kwai change caine , a mild - mannered skinny , not very handsome guy , but he had very special abilities and ideas on people of that era , the old west , which eliza loved very much with her american indian roots .
his hair was black at the roots but turned white toward the tips .
in such adverse circumstances lord vishnu advises the minor gods to invoke the root of all power , the mother goddess parvati who alone is capable of killing the demons .
however , all this security is now rendered meaningless as the root kits , keyloggers and spyware spread inexorably from node to node , undetected by the owners of the machines .
the root kits send home to omaha the decryption keys allowing construction of the complete network map .
bearing all these pickaninnies give them a family : a sense of real freedom , self - determinationand roots .
he d set down roots when the superheroes and villains first showed up , taking advantage of the chaos , and had neatly spread his tendrils into businesses , banking , politics , policing and , of course , the drug trade .
i had never found myself particularly empathetic or perceptive , but root had taught me a lot about people .
you know what kind of people end up in root .
it made me feel like i was back in root .
was i as much a reaper now as those loathsome , lumbering beasts in the tunnels of root ?
i met him in root .
back then all we knew of root were the tunnels .
we ever get peace in root , you guys should open up some curio stands .
from my research , i believe their roots come from a religion that is hundreds of years old , perhaps even older , though their beliefs have evolved over time .
table of contents introduction book i : the legacy of galvahir chapter i : the troubled son of biron chapter ii : mityai 's testimony chapter iii : beautiful peiraso chapter iv : the goblins of mount coronis chapter v : the usurper of peiraso chapter vi : the folly of cheft faros chapter vii : the conjurers ' duel chapter viii : the exile of the galvahirne from the author about the author introduction in my account of what has lately been called the welderan war , i have found it necessary to consider the conflict , not merely as it occurred , but by tracing the more important persons back to their roots .
with another wave of her hand , roots shuffled stones away enough to reveal gideon 's broken body .
at root it is a feeling you have within yourself about yourself .
trying to find the root of my decent in to chaos , are you ?
i could feel my blush steam crimson to the roots of my hair .
he d made a name for himself , literally made it up out of thin air when he put down roots in the swankiest hotel in town .
their job was , as the prime minister put it , to attack the problem at its root by assuring that all capable bodied individuals return to the industries that support the country .
it was the dark azaguntan at the root of it all , they said , bringing in his ebony - hearted cronies .
as the moment drew on panic began to take root .
at last deciding it had to be real , because it explained so many things in his own world , things that all led to the edge of darkness , a book seemingly the root of all evil .
into the unforgiving obscurity of the unknown , a sad impenetrable darkness clinching deep to the root of your soul , as the sensation of loss and limbo weightlessly dragged you through space as well as time .
for though i acknowledge that there may be that which is unseen , i believe their troubles to have a human root .
her hair was dark at the roots .
but no , their roots were not well - grounded .
but i had russian roots nonetheless .
* * * * * * * * * * endor was a lonely little settlement with ancient roots located just south of the valley of gilboa .
the messiah is the good of mankind when it at last rises to supremacy , to rule the earth with goodness and at last root out all evil from among us .
were aware that there are other factions out there , but none of them have strong roots in the u.s . yet , and we ve been more focused on small scale threats and awakenings than some dread conspiracy you do nt have a clue about any of them , do you ?
you can come in and have a seat , by the way , she said , indicating the tree root chair where he had once found her , still and silent .
she had the presence of mind to blush to the roots of her red hair .
arms immediately encircled my waist , and heat flared through me from the tips of my toes straight up to the roots of my hair .
the monk turned to the shelves , for which she was grateful ; he would not be able to see her flush red to the roots of her hair at his praise .
played a blues and roots festival at byron , a big day out , did a few turns about sydney .
a small town , whose economy is in no small way dependent on tourism and commerce generated by colorado springs , its bigger next door neighbor , manitou managed to retain its attractiveness as a village without destroying the mountain into which its roots were originally planted , and without sacrificing its integrity to boost its need for tourism .
even if her youngest daughter was still asleep , as she was earlier , cora would wake her and get to the root of why jane was a bundle of nerves .
the roots of the graelic had been stoic arches rising like hills ( and often mountains ) throughout the land .
anyway , the morflon traced their roots and wanted to associate with us .
he wound her hair around his hand tightly , pulling at it from the roots .
bulkington 's spiritual constitution , like that of the monastery , was built on simple and strong principles ; he was , to the roots of his soul , a good man .
does nt it feel good to get back to the wild , to our roots ?
beauty should have been called the root of all evil .
meredith relaxed a little , seeing the open - minded curiosity that was taking root inside dr . wells .
as for the root of this evil , it was equally unthinkable and humiliating for a king : because , as soon as the first wave of stillbirths had been acknowledged and since the queen was long past her childbearing years king fazen had begun hectically planting his ageing seed in the wombs of a horde of maids , ladies - in - waiting , palace concubines and alley whores , not one of whom had managed to produce a living bastard .
the king felt his face flush with blood ; he d been so consumed by thinking of being instantly cured , that he d forgotten where on his body the root of the evil lay .
a soft tan always graced wilmas complexion , most likely due to her centuries of roots in the region .
i , uh used you as a battery to get us here , she said , red to the roots and , okay , apparently they were both winners at this whole existence thing .
no doubt many of the citizens of matara had roots there , and as adri took in the news he felt a wave of sickness rise in his throat .
there was solemnity shrouding the large , neat room that was difficult to detect the root of .
there was shelf upon shelf of books and canisters ; each filled with varied roots , liquids , and crystals .
i do not believe money is the root of all evil nor love of money , as it is more accurately and less frequently quoted .
yet this term is wrong against its root , for to ignore means to know , but pay no attention .
entropy attacked at the root .
the key was to cause as much ip address chaos as possible , getting the root servers into the necessary line .
the hackers would nt be able to keep up , human times would give the root server ample time to get back on its game .
through their eyes , through the eyes of their mothers , i saw the story take root in their hearts .
he did not want to admit to himself that he envied tabor , but it was the root of his unease on that disquiet night .
that much is clear , and i mean to get to the root of the evil within these walls .
how about you , miss root ?
well , stammered root , i guess that kind of happened when i read the secret garden .
but to answer your question he turned suddenly on root who , true to form , was wearing an ugly green dress with massive tangles of flowers and vines on it .
have you ever read the sword in the stone , miss root ?
we have been only hacking at branches when we need to take the protest to the root of the problem , we need to take our protest to schools , rishabh declared solemnly .
so there is the real root of your insecurities , balien thought .
do you not see , that the love that we share , is the root and beginning of life ?
in fact , they are the root of most supernatural folklore heard around the world today .
and if alex were skipped into high school , she knew that kids grow taller and stronger in high school and that would be a hard environment to defend herself in especially for issues of jealousy which alex felt was usually at the root issue of most school fights anyway .
he tried to return the conversation to it 's roots , as in the strange requests from lenchen , .
visions of norse frost giants , sea dragons , and rock trolls rampaged through his head but he brushed them aside as it was too unnerving to consider that his peoples fantastic sagas could have their roots in truth .
none of the civilized tribes will be at the root of this .
their interest dwindled just as soon as they realized that nothing new of interest or import was at the root of the fervently pointless quarreling .
the man smiled ruefully , the root of all sin is pride and selfishness .
as they pause , having completed their veneration of his passion , friar otto looks directly into geralds intense blue - eyes , not pausing to consider the oddity of the fleck of redness that pulsates at his left eyes edge , and states , women are the root of evil .
but that of the participating analyst kicked in ... he s practicing the methods of active imagining and of being a participant and not some disinterested observerhere , parting ways with the orthodox jungian methods : contaminated is how professor noble termed his flirtations with over - the - edge - geniuses , citing here reich and laing , especially , but sweeping the indictment to include fanon , mao , guevara , ranting upon the politicos and radicalswho do not go to the root , no , that s what radical really means .
those in the middle levels were unlike everyone below in the roots who favoured more subdued ... everything clothes , personalities , jobs .
a cursory exploration of eurasian folktales demonstrates startling parallels across mythopoeia , as if they were borrowing from the same roots .
he would never have guessed that pencier had gypsy roots .
and that was the root of his fear .
perhaps the root of the problem is , he thought , that those three are just too wholesome .
but sometimes , the roots of your error go way back , and very deep .
i think he s right it is competitiveness that is at the root of our difficulty with meetings .
for a witch trapped in a felines body , she sometimes forgot about her human roots and ate entirely too many lizards .
so as to clean my mind i stop eating and turn my head to my four - lane tail , and by the oil in my quills roots i comb my feathers .
idina opened up more of her memories to me and rhea and naaz were at the root of it all , all that anger and rage , they were the reason .
` ` all mindless hatred comes from a root of fear , '' doyle said .
she blushed , to the roots of her red hair .
she felt cool sweat start at the roots of her hair as she remembered how her suspicions had begun to erode , then whirl away beyond her reach , like driftwood from a drowning woman 's fingers .
the reasons for the venarium 's enmity for priesthoods of all faiths had roots that sank into the earth of history , the greatest one taking years to explain in full every slight and grudge the wizards had meticulously recorded .
' back to my roots , maybe , ' lenk replied , rolling his shoulders against the reed wall .
blond at the roots , but the curls ended in black tips .
they none of them spoke for a moment ; granby with his fair skin flushed up red to his roots , and then went pale ; he dropped his eyes and said nothing .
he might not realize we know that 's the root of his power . ''
i have no idea how long it 'll take for us to get to the root of the problem , and ... '' he trailed off in hesitation , then continued .
which was the root of so many problems , was n't it .
there 's no way of knowing for sure who 's involved in matthias 's inner circle -- government conspiracies have thick roots , but also tendrils you ca n't see .
where real mutiny was found - and while he would not give that name to the initial sin of running mad after liquor , scarcely so very unusual among sailors , he could give none other to the deliberate attempt to seize himself and granby and demane - where mutiny was found , there were sure to be bad officers at the root of it , he had always privately thought .
letting go of my hand , he reaches for my face and runs his fingers through my hair , gently tugging at the roots and sending a shock of pleasure through my body .
you 're roots started here . ''
dervish wants to get to the root of his nephew 's difficulties .
back to the thingumajigs , the roots of wizardry .
the root problem , rincewind had come to believe , was that he suffered from pre - emptive karma .
' this is a shop , ' said mr crumley , finally getting to the root of the problem .
that is the root and heart and soul and centre of witchcraft , that is .
teppic sighed with the recollection of women in ankh - morpork who could be clothed from neck to ankle in brocade and still cause a classroom full of boys to blush to the roots of their hair .
then , as if he were a tuning fork , a reverberation took root - and took over .
inside was a sheet of paper with three lines handwritten in an elegant , flowing script that was more the image of wealth that his father had sported than the guy 's roots in the midwest .
eve croaked , knowing she 'd be blushing to the roots of her hair if her physical reactions worked the way they used to .
she just had n't known how to break the news to her parents , and the idea of backpacking seemed so far out of line with her desire to put down roots .
there was duplicity at the root .
the thought chilled her , sent a quiver creeping along her scalp , to the roots of her hair .
she flushed to her roots again and said very stiffly , ` ` i liked the name ; pray how did you come to name temeraire ? ''
it 's all a muddle , but i somehow feel that if i went back to the root of our troubles , my actions would be at the heart of it .
for this reason , they have been cast down - given humble roots , to inspire simple wholesomeness .
he already had a guess as to what lay at the root of mcgovern 's paradox ; he was not quite as goodheartedly dense as bill sometimes seemed to think .
or , could all of those mythologies have a shared , and true , root ?
this itch to have things over again , as if life were a film that could be unrolled twice or even made to work backwards ... was it possibly the root of all evil ?
whatever was going on down there , it must have its roots in the techniques high lord kalare had used to create his psychotic immortals .
and there was the root of brent 's problem with her .
unfortunately , it 's a lot harder than that to cut yourself off from your roots . ''
even she might not know what was at the root of all her anguish , but at least she could go into this with a clear conscience , knowing she 'd disclosed everything .
here , she had made herself some roots .
her father , with his le fay roots and knowledge of the doomsday diary , could make marrok 's freedom a reality .
and nothing could show more clearly than does the evolution of this poem the complex root from which the story rose .
sukhvinder kept waiting for somebody to stand up and talk about who krystal really was , and what she had done in her life , the way that niamh and siobhan 's uncle had done for mr fairbrother , but apart from the vicar 's brief reference to ' tragically short lives ' and ' local family with deep roots in pagford ' , he seemed determined to skirt the facts .
she 'd gambled , well , pretty much everything to come here , to find her roots , to - she hoped - connect with them .
whoever is at the root of it obviously has a problem with wolves , but from my experience if this pack gets too confident , they 'll go after the others .
positive the answer would stop the murders of caleb 's pack , she needed to get to the root of rebekah 's curse .
` ` like many traditions in new salem , the origin of the spring festival has roots in paganism , '' laurel said .
but here 's the root of the matter : peter , son of roland , was brought before the judge - general of delain by a burning mouse ; tried in a meeting of seven which was not a court ; convicted by a home guardsman who delivered his verdict by spitting into a bowl of stew .
bloodraven is the root of all our woes , the white worm gnawing at the heart of the realm . ''
dunk had known his sort before ; such men were tough as old roots , and knew their business .
i traced the roots of my power to where e.t .
oh , orual - to take my love for you , because you know it goes down to my very roots and can not be diminished by any other newer love , and then to make of it a tool , a weapon , a thing of policy and mastery , an instrument of torture - i begin to think i never knew you .
ours is the best silver in all this part of the world , and a great root of our wealth .
here , at least , one could see none of the filth that piled up in the city or the corruption that worked at the roots of ajah unity .
we have been broken , then torn down nearly to roots .
` ` i ' m trying to get back to my basic roots , '' mat said .
we will protect this world in its darkest days , and we will destroy the shadow at its root .
but i have to get to the root of these symptoms .
but what is the actual root of evil , may i ask ? ''
deep down where the root of my humanity resided , something snapped .
that was the root of the problem .
her hair was brushed but poofy at the bottom and greasy at the roots .
the stranger might have been full - grown but he blushed to the roots of his hair .
it is possible to forgive a false accusation , what the tudors would never forgive was the truth , especially a truth that went so directly to the root of their power .
no , it is you who should return to your roots .
when julia asked about such a strange belief his only words were , its from the ancient roots of my blood that came out of india with my people .
he thus continued with , as it turns out , it did nt take long for that to take root .
most have roots that go back , ultimately , to extremist groups , white supremacists , or other terrorists .
and therein lies the root of your problem .
sarah blushed to the roots of her hair .
it is to dispel that infection , back to its very root , in the evil surrounding the unfortunate king richard iii and the princes in the tower , that i wrote the necromancer .
for christian peasants , who knew little about judaismand nothing at all about the jewish roots of their own religion , its founder , or their biblejews were linked to witchcraft .
yet this traditionally engendered self - consciousnesssometimes raised excruciatingly highremained a well - known jewish characteristic , whose religious and social roots were often forgotten .
whatever drove simon to refuse a doctor 's help with his illness had its root here in this house , and with his relationship with his mother .
alone with his infant son , ryan decided to return to ireland , to his roots .
harriet heard the regret in his voice , but did not want to question its root .
then he blushed to the roots of his tousled fair hair .
she had no roots ; nothing in london to call her back .
wolfe tone arrived shortly after me , with his wife martha and children , and put down roots just over the state boundary in new jersey , curiously in a village with the same name as his home town in kildare , bodenstown .
i know that all your colleagues believe that the judaeans are at the root and the leading cause of all these troubles in your city .
of course , i hope to get more valueable intelligence , and know better who are the trouble makers- through bat gad chapter 6 the roots of the israeli - judean holiday of shavuot pentecost , could be found also in the knaanite holiday for the final spring festival , after passover .
i do nt mind if yes , she said , i am a foreigner here , and a baby would make me stay and have a home , set a root here .
some of the current english words whose etymological root is khronos / chronos include chronology , chronometer , chronic , anachronism , and chronicle .
the sect is believed to have become extinct sometime after the destruction of herod 's temple in jerusalem in 70 ce , but it has been speculated that the later karaites may have had some roots or connections with old sadducee views .
truthfully , i was driven by the kindness and compassion of my pagan brothers to question the roots of my own belief .
they return to the root experience of being humanthat of the heartfelt embrace .
it took a few minutes for the two women to reach a coherent level of calmness where lizzy was able to grasp the root of rita 's panic .
losing money was not actually the root of his discomfort ; it stemmed from knowing a bunch of women , headed by rita blaine was pulling in millions while he was on the verge of losing a few thousand .
the hubbards and flynns of the world , the cronins and le carons who were the root cause of injustice .
mehis very voice re - planted her roots in mer like the songs of its wharf men , gossip around the village wells , and buzz of honeybees at the village hives .
he saw the evil influence of king bloodstone at the root of the problem .
her face flushed to the roots of her hair , and her grip tightened on my hand .
if you plan on putting down roots here and being a part of the military as well as the community , allow me to suggest that you start by applying for a fifty acre homestead and building a cabin on it .
then there s a struggle , a tussle between one idea and the nexta long moment of emptiness , of blacknessand the next thought takes root .
the reporters german name did nt help he d had plenty of grief about his roots since the war broke out , despite his family having been canadian for centuries .
when ea - pe created the world he also created two sibling snakes : kar , the tempter , the base and vicious , the darkness at the root of mens minds ; and he created daw to even things up .
philip felt a flush that prickled the roots of his hair and beard .
true to his roots , he was in his gaucho clothes : his boots were the corrugada style , where the long leg of the boot was pulled down towards the ankles , tucked in to which were his loose fitting cotton trousers that were held up by a ratras - a black leather belt that was marked with metal studs and coins .
her words were thoughtless and she blushed to the roots of her hair .
violet blushed to the roots of her hair .
knowledge is the root of success .
she found that the more wound up and stressed her patients were , the harder it was to get to the root of the problem .
but valeria loya seemed anxious to get to the root of her problem .
firm roots had been established with the nashitosh indians .
but he disliked such verses as , the love of money is a root of all sorts of evil and you can not serve god and mammon .
what went wrong by rod lee our nation seems to have lost its way because too many of its people have lost their roots .
what is the root cause of our problems ?
in the meantime , i hope that our nations progress does not further rob its families of their roots , a place to always call home .
but when burghley added we , all of us , as we get older and the lifecycle nears its end , go back to our roots - after all , you are still married , then shakespeare knew deep down in his heart the supreme politician and finance man was right .
gone back to germany , to find his roots .
you could n't show her etruscan roots much more clearly .
` ` exile and fratricide , that 's what 's at the root of this city . ''
tanaquil wondered idly if her prophecies of disaster all came from the same root , the new changes in her body , as the monthly ebb and flow of her blood died away , that last sign of what had been her youth ; she was tearful more often now , saw the sadness in things more than the splendour .
yet , three hundred years before alfreds time , it was the creation of the powerful kingdom of northumbria and its emergence as the dominant power in britain for about a century , where we can see the roots of that england .
i mean , there was every reason to believe so , and that was the root of the misunderstanding .
indeed , i am the root of jesse spoken of in isaiah , the eleventh chapter , tenth verse .
the respect offered to the priest was in fact a smoke screen to an ancient practice that had strong roots in limosano and the surrounding villages .
the rest who serve the temple are ignorant of its bestial roots .
show him , wally , said one of the newcomers , and his friend turned so that i could see a ghastly livid scar newly healed and running up the right side of his face from his chin to the roots of his hair .
... stirred to ones very roots , i think .
shed been remiss in mentioning any other roots than that of a well - established charleston family .
she stood embarrassed to the roots of her hair .
he caught her looking and she turned away , embarrassed to the roots of her hair .
the ongs hat ashram story , as told in the following chapters , seems to trace its roots back to the beginning of the second world war .
the horror of the situation stung mike down to the very root of his being .
well , as i mentioned , i am not sure where the wolf part comes from , although i believe they are the root of much of the werewolf lore .
even though she wore gloves , her touch exhilarated him , causing all of the hair on his body to stand up at the roots .
but the worst part -- the part that would cause my heart to ache if it could -- is that i am the root of all those things . ''
the root of the word mondus comes from ` ` to prepare , to outfit '' in latin .
it burns as it slices , carving me from my roots .
in any event , sloth deals with the reciprocal nature of the universe , a concept that transcends east - west artistic traditions and gets to the root of human fascination and dread , the heart of spirituality we all share in one guise or another . ''
mark was very , very unhappy with himself for allowing curiosity to drag him into this situation , and even more unhappy with his twin , who as usual was the root of the conflict .
right into frank zappa and his moon unit stuffbut mark is a hell of a weird name for a woman , even with the flower power roots .
as a doctor of pathology i obtain the medical facts of every one of my cases and i am the one who determines what the root causes of their ailments are .
not for the first time paul thought on how inappropriately shed been named , especially when he was the one far more fitted to having hints of another world as his roots .
it was this cold attitude that would , against her own better judgement , spring natassia into long diatribes of the perfection of her and charlies relationship , a litany that had , after a couple of weeks , expanded into a metaphysical epic that had a shallow root in reality .
if this be an ordered selfishness , then we should pause before we condemn any one for the vice of egoism , for there may be deeper root for its causes than we have knowledge of .
it was woman 's faith in the early , and it have its root in faith still .
charlie had returned to his medical roots when writing about the amputation and scrawled several pages of notes in the small tablet .
her dyed blonde hair has brown roots though , so they have the same hair color .
perhaps its because of my working - class roots , but you just assume that i must be a violent person .
her red hair burned hot right down to its roots .
it was as if , tying himself / herself / itself to that witch , you / he / she was directly contaminated with the root of the evil .
now there was only muttonbird left to deal with , the root and cause of all my problems .
a rounded off face but well few amiable , which the grey hair trimmed to the root and the leaning cheekbones conferred a rigor that well few granted to the liking .
the just trimmed skull , the hoarfrost of the cut mature hair i press to the root , it made even more it that virile night .
but they re not very photogenic , so polly tries to get an up - close and personal look - see , only to find out the so - called spirits are at the root of a sinister mystery .
i have returned to my roots .
she had white - blonde hair and dark roots .
now that she thought about it , maybe that was the root of all rape anyway .
tom hummed , eyes narrowed as though he could see straight inside chris head , to peel apart the enigma of everything chris was nt saying to get straight to the root of the problem .
ascension to power had not meant the neocons had lost their social conservative , good ol boy , southern roots .
just like the country , this town needs a roots - to - branches reorganization .
jessica flushed from her chin to the roots of her hair , her eyes widening as our gazes connected .
something to really put down roots with .
her bright pink hair is growing out at the roots i guess hair dye is getting hard to come by .
but he was more a distraction than the root of the problem .
at first lacey refused to believe these lies , but julie was relentless , and as time passed , persistent doubt took root .
sofia blushed to the roots of her hair .
compromise claimed many a mans nobility , but such negotiations always had their roots grounded in the common good .
the sight of the blood had given a new root to her fear .
grandmother had believed there was a conscious entity at the root of chaos ; a being or beings that wielded evil as a tool to an end .
now check the room thoroughly we will definitely find something here , something which will take us to the root of all this stuff . ''
many believe that , but if that s true , then the roots of my christianity are burrowed in calvinism .
it is that , no doubt , but at the root i suppose it 's a tale of transformation .
the existence of such fear and power meant someone was the root cause of it .
her tongue came forward , licked and slid across the top of her lip then rolled back inside and up to the root of her mouth .
in this case , i was driven to reflect deeply and inveterately on that hard law of life , which lies at the root of religion and is one of the most plentiful springs of distress .
she hoped morrigan was getting to the root of famines silence .
he thinks that i need to get back in touch with my human roots .
the rage inside that woman was visible from the roots of her pure white hair to the tips of the cherry red claws on the ends of her fingers .
somewhere on elasvai , the forest of flesh would take root again , with the omnibeast as its prisoner .
i rocketed up from my seat spilling freshly heated rice and my glass of flat root beer onto the floor .
it manifested itself first in my face where heaviness took root .
almost ten years of experience in the counselling business had convinced him that when an aunt or an uncle or a grandparent showed up for a conference , it usually meant trouble at home '' the sort of trouble that invariably turned out to be the root of the problem .
and at the root of it all was his own inability to make a hard and final decision .
at the root of it all was a rueful truth : even after four years of visiting dussander , he still did n't know what went on in the old man 's head .
with a creeping coldness that moved up his legs to the root of his guts , arnie realized at last that .
and that , of course , was the root of his disquiet .
the root of the matter .
although hanscom 's roots were in new england and he had gone to college in california , there was more than a touch of the extravagant texan about him .
this question was so terrible and so elemental that for a moment he felt in danger of coming completely unwrapped from the root of himself and just floating off like a tumbleweed in a high breeze .
eddie flushed brightly - the color went all the way up to the roots of bis hair .
` ` no , '' he said , and eddie blushed to the roots of his flattop haircut .
he had walked as fast as he could in spite of the agony that griped and pulled at his groin and the root of his belly .
but it did n't much matter to him if the root causes were interrelated or separate , sociological or psychological or physiological .
` ` that may be at the root of the problem , '' edmonds said .
the cia has been at the root of every dirty little war america has fought in this century .
` ` no , '' she said , thinking that her father had just gotten closer to the root of it than she had .
and when a regrettable incident occurs which involves any branch of the united states military , we do n't question the roots of that incident but rather how the branches may best be pruned .
in a second harold 's on one knee beside me , asking if i ' m all right , blushing right down to the roots of his clean hair .
still , he got to the root of the thing in a way none of us thought of , not even glen .
it 's the whole root of the problem , i think .
because he was a born - again christian and because he knew that the love of money was the root of all evil , he would make it rain and afterward they could pay him whatever they thought the job had been worth .
jim , who towered over her and probably outweighed her by one hundred pounds , blushed to the roots of his american legion crewcut .
that stumble was the root of the matter ; all the rest was nothing but history .
it had never worked well for her , that philosophy c in fact , almost every bad thing that had happened to her had its roots in some impulsive action .
a voice inside her c very deep inside , not coming from the right of her brain but perhaps from the very root of her mind c screamed in terror .
the ` ` good folks '' got roots ; you got none .
in fact , it may be the root cause of this psycho - anorexia , if that 's really what you 're suffering from , as dr yount believes .
her hair , blond on top and black at the roots , hung around her cheeks in lank curls .
as for dad , i would nt be surprised if he were at the root of all this , the bastard .
she intended to get to the root of the problem , to confront the one person responsible for all of this getting so out of hand .
the further away our citizens moved from those roots , the less viable we became as an economic entity .
it seems to me that money is the root of it all and they will do anything to cheat each other out of it .
but the cause , the root , is a culmination of factors .
i want lost secret back to its early roots more than anyone else , but there are other ways .
they blamed franco and flo of course , scheming thereafter how to prise the child away from their angry presence , into the warm comfortable bosom of the orange clan , whose sons were miners , whose daughters telephonists , whose northern roots were set in coal and fixed with iron .
that his genesis was ambitious had something to do with it , he supposed , michael being the product of a toy industry whose roots were more pinocchio than terminator .
i went there not to search for my roots but in search of the geologists who , according to my psychic vision , had traveled there to pick up a robot or two , or possibly an entire army of them , and i had to find out why .
we left the bar that night together and embarked on an illicit relationship , exploring our roots and japan and each other .
the man was blond with dark roots , his hair uncombed , and his clothes unwashed .
i certainly had nt approved chanceand i never would since i was pretty sure he was the root cause of her recent pain .
apparently , while these vampires may live in a separate dimension , their roots were clearly in the mortal world .
while the first fraction hated quetzalcoatl , all vampires have deep mesoamerican roots .
to have mesoamerican roots , yet only respect certain parts of it self - righteous hypocrisy is always an inevitable side effect of fanaticism , shadow said with equal bitterness .
to the humans credit , their choice of liquor did not have the pungent reek of bar root ale , which was greatly favored by the ogres , but it was distasteful enough .
to gisella 's way of thinking it was natural for her to want to follow the family tradition , which extended all the way back to their original roots deep in the sicilian countryside , but to manny she was just a woman and the family tradition did not conventionally involve the maternal line .
no , no , take a gander at me , i just got my roots streaked , i must be able to complete a half a million dollar transaction better than the lady next to me .
this work catalogues and explains the root cause of all this nonsense : stigma disorders .
ignorance lies at the root of all of them ( in case you did n't know ) .
the only difference is that we 're still working out the root causes for the mental illnesses .
those early roots continue to rear their ugly heads as our moms taught us to be concerned with other peoples feelings at all costs , even above our own .
true to her italian roots , she has aged graciously and remains as attractive as ever .
the root of all evil .
but i do nt care for either of them , so , moses considered , given that they re both blithering idiots , lets root for general chaos , shall we ?
the root of many diminishing wildlife populations can be largely attributed to the encroachment of civilization , loss of habitat and wild areas , and the political climate , created by a large population in the cities and suburbs , whose priorities are more influenced by emotion , money , and hidden agendas , than facts .
if anything , he became more acutely aware of the extent of the racism in the world and in his country , and more convinced of the ignorance of its roots .
i thought you believed greed was the root of progress .
i can from strong social democrat roots .
when they tell people about oklahoma 's roads , they want to say something like , ' oklahoma 's roads have always been an important bridge between our agricultural roots and our space - age future , between our prairie school houses and our top - notch universities .
skiving colleagues , hideous bosses , outrageous friends - will kate be capable of laying new roots amidst the harshness and turbulence of her life , or will she forever be twisted around into knots ?
the one closest to gordy had hair bleached blonde ( with dark roots ) and a thick red nose .
he liked working out there for a while , a few years , but that outfit was quasi - military in its roots , and he does nt much like authority , then or now .
jinny was enjoying a return to his roots .
speaking about dinesh dsouzas new book , the roots of obamas rage you say , dsouza has made a stunning insight into obamas behavior [ obama ] is so outside our comprehension , that only if you understand kenyan , anti - colonial behavior , can you begin to piece together [ his actions ] ?
he will never have a problem finding his roots , or anyone else 's with her around .
at root she was a practical person , always the one to say , you need to find a new job before you leave the old one , or we ought to be thankful we have a job at all , when some people do nt even have a roof over their heads .
but this search for your roots - do n't you know anything ? '
he was getting close to the root of all this -- quite literally -- where awaited his destiny .
and that is how the four of them ended up back where it all began -- how they ended up face to face with the very root of evil -- how they all right !
what s at the root of the fear ?
harrys bipartisan view was that the bill needed to be signed , but several of his colleagues , who like he had roots with the conservative party , did not agree .
if there were enough people and a certain ease of communication , the whole thing would just build momentum ; it would almost confirm itself and perpetuate itself , and all the while , nobody would have the foresight to try and find the root source , which of course was essa and harry .
the hair was nt blonde at the roots and her heavy eye makeup might have been exaggerated on purposeit was hard to tell .
` ` but you 'd have to log in as root . ''
by the way , i think you are right about needing to go further back in time to determine the root of some problems , there is a copy of the history of the world over here .
but that does nt mean that there are nt other issues which also need to be tackl and why , my feathered friend , do you suppose the disenfranchised masses concentrate their chagrin so much more forcefully on those other issues than the root cause of their privation ?
they had decided to stage a general protest against what they perceived as pc being at the root of difficulties in prosecution of offenders .
bagless flushed to the roots of his hair .
his mind arrived at the root of his true discomfort : lucy .
jerboa 's notes were scribbled against the text : interrupted cadence v - vi tonic i subdominant first inversion ( vi ) if b minor supertonic triad iib submediant triad root position vi perfect cadence here mediant chord in c # minor discord of an augmented fifth although the opera is designed to be ` ` through - sung '' or ` ` durchgesang '' , there are moments where the characters sing what might pass as arias as well as moments where the composer clearly intends a ` ` sprechgesang '' effect .
the reformation was a reclamation , an attempt to return the church , and europe , to its radical roots , to renew its zealotry . ''
and the thought often occurred to randolph that it was perhaps this socioeconomic difference that was the root of most of their conflicts .
who could possibly write the words , the very serenity of disposition is the root of rage within the breast of others .
some of the lines are petty , like the very serenity of disposition is the root of rage within the breast of others .
even though he knew the root cause of all of his nightmarish visions , he could take little comfort in that because the root cause itself was so nightmarish .
even though he knew the root cause of all of his nightmarish visions , he could take little comfort in that because the root cause itself was so nightmarish .
these are clearly delusions , but their root source is in the right temporal lobe , just above the ear , where your tumour was thought to be .
mcgregor had been in touch today , explaining that the book of three was actually the book of tipote , given the rune on its cover , and espousing his theory that zombiism was the root of every illness in the world and that by studying them he might not only cure all disease , but also discover how they read each others minds and be able to replicate it without all the mental or physical impairments .
he helped me reclaim three of my past lives , septimus , a roman centurion and rapist of britannic maids ; mimi , a fashion designer in belle epoque paris and jefferson , an african - american slave whose biography sounds suspiciously like that of kunta kinte on the tv show roots .
your roots are showing so , what s your family like ?
) , i was finally getting back to my roots .
and , of course , then there s burn my bridges and forget my roots off the second album .
all that shit about he left his roots behind , he broke up a great band , etc .
once we move to a city that they think they will like , they try to set down roots , asking us to leave just before we head out again .
# # # yes , i wanted to say the root cause of all suffering is faith , t. says .
the root cause of all suffering is error , according to my wife .
caring for them , feeding them , loving them was the root and sole purpose for her life .
having covered much of the events of this year 's crowd , it is now appropos to dive into personality analysis , which begins at rockstar 's east of tokyo country roots and goes to tusk 's rapidfire commentary about keio 's clear cool - ness advantage over the stiff todaists finally to end up somewhere along ritsuko-2 's wearing of a cartoon - scribbled sweatshirt .
so the most important thing to come out of the meeting was the idea to nourish a grass - roots movement that would pay attention to what benny was up to .
you could say that my failure to arrive at an overarching purpose for everything lies at the root of my problem with existence in the first place .
there was alarming news at the root of it .
she had taken them as her own , as her people had endeavoured to take this world , making it part of their domain , its destruction from the roots up their mode of conquest , once scoured of all its species to be reconstructed in a manner best suited to their goals .
good intentions , yes , but at the root of it all is selfishness .
every time she caught a glimpse of his soul , it brought her back to the roots of her own consciousness of a self living in the world , back to the terrible times she had to endure after the girl whom she had accidentally knocked off the swing took her revenge by calling her a stupid nigger .
there were mexican jews investigating their indio roots and there were folks who were nt saying and could be anything .
' it 's possible , but i ' m not convinced either that we are out - of - touch with our roots or that even if we are it 's a bad thing . '
the linguistic roots , you idiot .
when ivan , my partner , died last year , i decided to sell up and return to my roots .
the style has no sportive roots .
therefore you should go into the root of the matter , get the more realistic view of it , and , i repeat , awaken all these feelings .
who told you that these thoughts do n't have one root ?
at root , their behavior indicates that they do not believe joyces aesthetic could survive a confrontation with the true reality outside of their rooms and books .
the light thickened as the air was imbued with a gelatinous fog , a rich culture wherein reality might take root , a new world from an old world cutting , a preternatural mist that blossomed from the hard unyielding ice like steam off a hot pavement after brief summer rain .
legs lyle was no briseis , nor was legs exactly a helen , although she had caused peleg to go to war ; but somehow , frank thinks , the fight over her , which had flared up in an instant , had had its roots in homer .
but my question was more directed to the underlying root or principle of your unwillingness to become more acquainted with your mother .
gene considered whether to augment his direct appeal to dave by igniting a grass roots appeal from his former clients with a series of phone calls and e - mails .
this was purely an assumption on my part , however , because he never intended to abandon his roots .
and here lies the root for all the debauchery knotted between us , sir .
obviously , he absorbed enough political rhetoric to know that the root of declination in students achievement started and ended solely with the teachers .
and i do nt feel like i can do justice to the piece if i do nt first return to my artistic roots .
mr . and mrs . brosh looked exactly like their son with smooth republican faces , a touch of grey in their roots , handbags and cufflinks and shoes that matched .
cut off from his religious , metaphysical and transcendental roots , man is lost , dizzy , vertiginous ; all his actions become senseless , absurd .
its a mystery that should appeal to those searching for their roots , with dna testing foibles and myths of history exposed .
now as grey hair deepened on her temples and spread from their roots , her memories of the past ten years began to fade , leaving may with only shadowy laughter and faces that filled her with bitter longing .
it has been said that love of money is the root of ( many ) evil ( s ) and a wandering from the path which has brought - upon us much pain .
at root , simple : the very rich and very powerful ... very - few ...
the ancient languages were more solemn and profound , in a way better suited to the great ancient roots of the institution .
deluca carried on as follows : the notion of the paradox is of course also at the root of age - old questions about time , space and causation .
i said , i sometimes wonder if the roots of poverty in america and western europe are actually founded on individual choice .
when in her seventh year her irish catholic father beat her younger brother senseless with his fists , and then killed him by tossing the lifeless five - year - old boy down a set of stairsdeemed an accident by the local irish catholic investigator , and grandly forgiven by the local irish catholic priestheather knew she must find the root of evil in this world and help eradicate it .
the dhamma had not taken proper root , and it was not spreading as i had planned and hoped , especially not into the west .
this notion , once examined from all angles , made sense and took root .
: : 92 : : with roots reaching back to fourteenth century persia , arrak has since the second half of the twentieth century operated out of los angeles .
but i also know that at the root of the reformation , what prompted herrluther to act , was his disgust at the church which by that time was nothing but a commercial venture in essence selling plots in heaven for its own , and its clergys benefit .
so black , in fact , that i find myself looking for lighter roots in the dim light of the bar .
it 's not easy to pull up the roots of the mistakes you ' ve made with the person you love the most and relive them .
the descendants of those who d left do nt know their true roots .
frankly speakingummadam , until you take yourself right to the edge of what you re capable of doing , you wo nt be able to get to the root of whatever it is that s causing you to feel this way .
certainly , it would be a temporary solution that attacked the symptom , but neglected the root cause and , thus , it could actually end up being counterproductive to pursue it , as it may prove to exacerbate the situation further , rather than alleviate it as it was intended to do .
we have our roots in those currents , same as the bristlecone . ''
` ` with your roots . ''
add a franciscan history class to your curriculum this year , find out more about our roots .
ananda , a step or so behind them , said nothing , but listened intently , trying to form a picture of the state of the sangha , and of the root of the tathagata 's concern .
this absolute necessity to eatfor there really is no other option , you either eat or dieis the root of defense , protection , hatred , wars , killing .
i do nt care whether she s telling them to ditch their prescriptions or now , she is the root cause .
that conclusion is that ruth martens seditious sermons are the root of this problem .
thanks to the longevity of clay , more than a handful of these ancient tablets have survived to our times , and theysurprisinglyshow that as writing first took root , the mesopotamians already had a keen grasp of mathematics , astronomy , and chemistry , and of symptoms to identify common diseases .
toward the end of the century this conflict eased as interest shifted from earlier disputes , and more philosophers now began exploring common roots instead of conflicts between the postmodern and the traditional .
when the school of taoism first began to look for its roots , sometime around 100 bce , it identified three great founder teachers .
their roots lie deep in the pre - zionist orthodox population of palestine , but they also include many new voices of post - holocaust immigrants , particularly those from eastern europe .
the non - zionist orthodox a third faction , the non - zionist orthodox , has largely the same ethnic roots as their anti - zionist orthodox brethren .
by linking the elevation of the untouchables with the struggle , gandhi added social justice to his campaign ; and by raising social awareness within the hindu tradition and by lifting that tradition to a new level of political awareness , gandhi provided modern hinduism with its defining features ; features that took firm root in a century of reformist effort and half a century of political struggle against the british .
by observing these precepts , the three roots of evillust , hatred , and delusionmay be , if not extinguished , at least overcome and held in check .
i did not even own this cottage then , but this is where it has its roots .
its pure root is brahman the immortal from whom all the worlds draw their life , and whom none can transcend .
though both he and blaise were initially from lower - middle class inner - city roots , jude 's father , an assistant hr director in charge of events ( blood drives , employee birthdays and fun - runs ) , had become well - off after the migration to the sub - suburbs .
so retner started a small mens clothing store , stocked it with stuff from back east that might still look right on a person from the midwest but not sell out their rugged identity , and he found a ready market for his wares and expanded over the years but never lost his work - ethic roots .
they were the root of the problem , the source of disequilibriuma word he d run across in physics and liked a lot .
he grimaced a little at his reflection and leaned closer to the mirror , tugging hard at chunks of hair to check his roots .
with traditional methods , i d say that your case would require at least three years of weekly sessions , to unearth the roots of your conflicts .
an historical romance , sort of a return to your roots , i say .
long , silky , blonde hair , but dirty at the roots .
or i should have resisted grandmother from pulling me out of the room and stood my ground until my mother had stopped screaming , then really got to the root of what was going on .
so , one fine day i decided to cut directly to the root of the matter and assign him a perpetual task .
after all , does n't obsession come from the root of your country 's ideals / clichs ?
i also found the root of a fair amount of my own language , bludgeoning my father 's assertions , even while confirming his right of obsession .
i sought to trace the root of my father 's obsession , rather than the right to become obsessed .
i assumed he had blue collar roots , even if he was now following loftier pursuits .
though born of the same root , the people of these empires did not see the world big enough to share .
a story of two peoples of one root , whose branching out over the course of millennia estranged them .
escapism is at the root of storytelling rachana .
but the child showed the impatience that often lies at the root of anger , and one morning he left the hovel before his parents and brother awoke .
title word and object in husserl , frege , and russell : the roots of twentieth - century philosophy / by claire ortiz hill .
maybe that was the root of the problem , jackie realized .
boy wonders oval mouth hung open blood rushed to the roots of his curling hair .
he could set down roots there , what with his quaint rental house , his competent shrink , his sunsets and corner grocery store .
women always seek root goodness whereas men would look for the fruits of goodness .
but god had put a condition to this rule which basically is the root of all confusion of humans .
mayank knew that the societal benchmarks of success and goodness were created by few successful people and never had majority roots .
the trouble is , democracy as an ideal itself is in the root of larger trouble of india .
hey jackie , armand said , showing his french - canadian roots by emphasizing the second part of jackies name over the first .
rest assured i am not telling you anything i have not included in my letter of complaint to messrs . brown & bunch , and to that end i can advise that i am very close to the root of the matter .
deeper emotions eventually set down roots , like old - growth timber , over a broad expanse of time .
he knew that he was just one man , but also that he shared his heart and what was inscribed there with all people of courage , and that this is the true root of heroism .
he wondered what the root of that mystery was and also what might keep her with a man who could not provide her with what she needs and deserves and moreover what she knows she needs and deserves .
sharons newfoundland roots had become the basis of an educational system .
she looked almost spanish in features , and in fact that was her background : her genes had come from the wrecked armada off county cork that emigrated to cape race in newfoundland then to the farm where they had set such massive roots in orphaned children .
those boxes now contain deeper roots than the oldest line of settlers in the county .
she did nt know or want to explain to him the circumstances that had changed her so much , but his question had gone to the very root of her problem and it almost took her breath away .
i m interested in your roots .
and i suppose my dads roots , and i guess by implication my own .
laura almost never thought about her own roots .
she thanked him for the strength in his hands when he touched her and for the way he was leading her back to their roots , two cowbirds in a flock of warblers .
s. k. riley is a beached mermaid with indigenous australian roots .
we might say that , in part , it has its roots in our competitive instincts .
the roots of her problems were too dense and too paradoxical and too complexly intertwined , even possibly extending further back than her very existence : therefore , impossible to recapture , and far beyond any hope of conquest .
there was a blessed sanctity to his narcissism : a cherished honesty with regard to his self - interest , for certainly this was the root of all human endeavor .
but then , did all that was holy and pious and spiritual in this world similarly have its roots in a rudimentary narcissism ?
bunnu was inspired by this usher , for he had , in this moment , confirmed something that bunnu had always suspected : whatever joy he could find in this life would have its roots more in self - satisfaction than in actual endeavor .
money is the root of all evil , said betsey .
he feared that potential was slipping away , and that confusion was taking root and skewing any sense of direction and purpose .
susans accent leaned toward her english roots .
the newspaper had sent him to do a human interest story on the new age commune that set down roots five years earlier in the dilapidated farmhouse west of the city .
a hopeless muddle was at the root of most problems , whether it be running a sturdy , hardwood fence across sixty feet of property or settling grievances that dated back to the civil war .
the shop was located in rural fairfax , a small town on the other side of the bridge known more for its bohemian roots than being forward - thinking .
some say that money is the root of all evil , but i know differently .
of course english is the language of technology but its the local language which expresses the spiritual roots of the people .
it has taken twenty - two years to make her first visit to bangladesh , despite her close roots to the country .
it was not a deliberate mistake , dhadhi explained , speaking in sylheti to make the shahiraj aware of her granddaughters non - english roots .
to impart any understanding in them , she will have to remove the root of the problem the absence of education itself .
sweet , sweet despair sweet , sweet despair so winter had set like a trap from above gray thoughts and heated halls then she stepped out at the same time as him and they met up at the mall ' love at first sight ' the idiots say ' kiss me darling if you dare ' but what if the two should come together as one o lord hear their prayer sweet , sweet despair sweet , sweet despair blessed are you my children yes , blessed are you my children enter here sailing to zion tired of the fuss and fret tired of the fear people running around like fools never any music here so someday soon and it wo n't be long someday soon and it wo n't be long someday soon and it wo n't be long gon na sail away to zion some say it 's a symbol some say it 's a place me , i say it 's a state of mind where we can live free from hate so someday soon and it wo n't be long someday soon and it wo n't be long someday soon and it wo n't be long gon na sail away to zion do n't need a ticket to go there do n't need money or a key all you need is love for your neighbor and even for your enemy so someday soon and it wo n't be long someday soon and it wo n't be long someday soon and it wo n't be long gon na sail away to zion skeleton key ( the human disease ) come and let 's discover the sorrow of beauty the blindside of loving at the root of all things like death in a boxcar , sparks from a fallen star the tears in your eyes , love , that you forgot to cry so i cheered her with laughter and went home right after crawling on my knees trying to find the key the white and moonlit key to unlock the human disease is n't it uncanny what we 'll do for money yes it 's quite unnerving , the way she tells me that she loves me so i take her much too lightly , and she hardly ever sees me still we dance the night electric , pretending that we 're godly o hell fire deliver us from this soggy generation nation of half - hearted half - witted and redundant crawling on their knees trying to find the key the black and bloody key to unlock the human disease but if my hands were flames that could shake the icy sea within perhaps i would have met him the man i missed in brussels and laughed at in manila the soldier on my trophy rack waving an american flag and an ak-47 while the radio played in all these places - ` ` just another brick in the wall '' so i see through the bloody sham i drop my chin and understand then everything is dead to me because i am the man there 's silence in the passing of each and every life whether it be mother , sister , lover , friend or wife father or brother , daughter or son i will howl after death until this damned thing is done and my hands are wrapped around his neck and my gun has broken both his knees and i 'll make that pale bitch swallow his skeleton key see us see me in the wind , my friend see me on the wave see me riding high and dry without a song to play see me with a cigarette see me with a girl see me next time around i will win the world but see me with an axe to grind see me red with shame see me looking for my self locked outside my name and if by chance you meet me there in desolation , doubt , and chains take my hand because you 're a better man lead me out of the rain then perhaps , you 'll find a friend inspired to help another with the same care you showed for him brother to brother to brother so see me in the wind , my friend see me on the wave see me riding the sweet by and by with a new song to play see me with a holy heart heaven 's precious pearl see me dressed in the father 's love which heals this bloody world queen beauty she was a looker from davenport manor i was a sleepwalker from one crazy dream but i dropped that old act you know that 's a fact when her beauty came calling my name ` ` brilliant , '' she laughed , ` ` no more love songs rock me hard , forget fortune and fame '' what could i do ?
she also owed it to herself to remind herself from time to time that she really was nt alone in the world and did have true roots somewhere .
yet despite the ten - cent tawdriness of planetary tales , astounding space adventures , and the rest , their roots were in joannas memoir .
but he thought that hans meyricks nature was not one in which love or disappointment could strike deep roots : it was too restless , too excited by novelty , too theatrical .
she had a root of conscience in her , and the process of purgatory had begun : she knew that she had been wrong .
he said imploringly this sorrow , which has cut to the root , has come to you while you are young try to think of it not as a spoiling of your life , but as a preparation for it .
maybe ill mark this groundhog day with a new tradition , biblical in its roots and scale .
over time , their roots could intertwine and life , memories , and moments would be stronger .
iii regina was often aware that having new york city as your hometown , the place you would return to if you needed to get back to your roots and be comforted , was strange .
sterling , on his ride back to his namesake , remains a bit peeved : angry that he did nt plan for this contingency , angry that he took a hammer to the iphone without first dumping out its phone book , and of course angry at his mother , who continues to be the root of all his evil .
now they were as divorced as lords and commoners , the workers in their boiler suits and the grander staff in their coordinated outfits , and even he was losing touch with the grass roots of the business and the friends he had made there .
perhaps the calls were at the root of it , the phone calls she had been taking from his sister all morning .
yet , there were roots , some which we ourselves share , in religions : called puritan , called olympian - these all of which look terribly alike to us today - it was these religions from which we ascended . ''
this seems much more likely the root cause .
she was a swahili ; people with lateral roots in arabia .
the roots of this new aesthetic were in hippie countercultural values .
thus the roots of magazines and films were bound together , and it is no surprise that the values expressed in both media were identical .
these differing values evolved from the differing roots of surfing in both countries .
below the diagram : remove the root and the whole tree dies .
birsha munda was a savant and from his very childhood he realized that illiteracy , superstitions and harmful religious rituals were at the root of miseries and disunity of his tribe .
they were but inventions of rich people to exploit the poor and these were the root causes of the sufferings , disunity and poverty of the mundas .
this cinema box became the root of all trouble .
although ella was white , she shared many of the overwhelming problems of blacks , especially generational poverty , the root of much of the evil they saw in their students lives .
~*~ they settled into a booth in the cattlemens castle , an enterprise with roots in the previous century .
some roots , some history , something to hold onto .
you see , we all share the root of sin that frennur does , or anyone like him .
farms and fields until fifty years ago , no history here at all , he wondered what it must be like to work here , to spend your time in this place without roots or cultural narrative , too far away even to reach the town centre on your lunch hour .
and so , '' summarized kay , ` ` your concern about ethics and your love of tennis brought two roots of coincidence together .
i know that your sister , marie burton , has been doing research on the psychological roots of physical violence .
they were obviously the root of the legends about vampire bats and werewolves .
judy was red to the roots of her auburn hair .
the brightness of the day contrasted sharply with my inner turmoil , the edge of depression , as yet undefined in relation to its root cause .
it traces its roots to the queen of sheba although historians doubt that the city of axum is that old .
with all due respect , i ask you chancellor , do you believe your political career could survive a world - wide , grass roots boycott of german exports ?
money and territory were often at the root of conflicts , and shed personally found two instances where cantone had made someone angry .
again , my mind regressed the room to its roots .
he could nt hide his small - town texas roots , nor did he try to .
emily might dress for the dallas legal scene at work , but when she did nt have to play the part she reverted to her amarillo roots .
she had nt gotten all that far away from her roots , whereas , while he might have had a rough beginning , he d certainly gone a long way toward polishing off any rough edges from his childhood .
waters felt he 'd been settling in nicely in rock harbor , putting down strong roots in his adopted community where he felt that a man with good intentions and ability could make a difference for good .
his roots and background were not planted in this community so many people immediately questioned his history ; especially when it came to hanging around so often with a fifteen - year - old girl .
chapter 10 root of all evil ?
i guess we were n't so terribly removed from our roots -- just put our own spin on it .
i attended the university of washington for grad school and have nt returned to my roots yet .
chapter 17 the first victim is a brunette based on her roots , although it is dyed much darker at this time , roughly 5 feet and six inches tall .
his eyes were very bright , and a slight flush still clung around the roots of his hair .
barry said that he had real estate roots in new mexico , but surely momo morgan could not have had .
tell him what you believe the roots of it all are rather than letting him make his own interpretation .
her dark hair fanned out around her head and i saw some gray peeking out at the roots .
gray hair peeked out at her roots , she wore no makeup and deep , dark circles were tattooed under her eyes , but i saw dixie in them , the dixie i once knew and would know again .
this was old , grass roots america , hallowed learning halls to some of the founding fathers of the constitution , and one of the last places you 'd expect a department of parapsychology .
recreational meccas with a transient population , they got old eventually for someone like hardy , who knew what it meant to have roots .
many of them have roots in your genes , and those genes get passed down through the generations .
it was nt you , ronni said , but she knew her words were useless against the deep root of guilt .
if that does n't work and the burning of the building was related to the illegal activity which i 'd bet it does we can argue that the illegal activity was the root cause of the fire , and there is no coverage for illegal activity .
if you people think that the roots of the nazi organisation are just going to wither and die because they lost a second global conflict , you are wrong .
after all , he is one of them himself , and they still believe they are german in their roots .
emmers had evaded capture , had german - forged papers to assist his integration , and spoke excellent english with just a hint of a dutch accent , conferred by his roots in the netherlands .
anytime she felt less than what she really was , samantha was the root of it .
for his part , stumpy had the grace to look devastatingly uncomfortable as he stood in the doorway , shifting from foot to booted foot and flushing to the roots of his flattop .
there is great hatred between the two and the capitalist church , having venetian roots , insists on its traditional pound of flesh , wanting all its money paid back with billions of interest accrued over the centuries .
` ` sure , but i ' m trying to get at the root of how violent he was . ''
people will always be reminding you of your roots and associating you with the people you re supposedly linked to , but never let them bring you down .
and now i suspect its roots are in kingston .
the family named him ' caledonia ' , to remind him of his scots roots .
fred and clara paid such rapt attention that mcfergus reached into his scottish roots to find the humour in the situation , exaggerating as much as he could , and adding details that had nt actually happened .
not when money is evolved , ya know its the root of all evil .
i always enjoy complimenting the entire girl from hair roots to toe nails .
she weights no more than a bumble bee jo doll , he kisses her hair roots being taller .
in the 1980 's there remained a strain of country that occasionally crossed over , but there was a wide scale return to country 's hillbilly roots .
the zabinski family originated from some small town across the border and zed was a nod to his canadian roots ) was nt exactly a many - man role model either .
shed married the president of a large bourbon company located on its outskirts and had reluctantly planted roots here to be with him .
she had blonde hair brushed into a ponytail with dark roots showing , no makeup , gray slacks , and a t - shirt .
they are from the states and are over here looking for their roots .
she had beautiful blond hair with just a hint of darker color at the roots , blue eyes like a cold mountain lake , and a smile that would slay adonis .
how much of the actions of either was simply intended as a smoke - screen to distract her from getting at the root of the question .
the silly piece of china , as he would call it , would most definitely go against his view of holding onto sentimental family items she thought , but it represented her very roots .
sometimes helfords working class roots showed , and he took mischievous pleasure in making those of more elevated social status eat humble pie .
shed lived her entire life in boston , born and raised , and all her connections and roots were there .
i even found it possible to touch a localized spot , extract bits and pieces of information but not flash through an area that seemed at the root of the thinking process .
he never spoke of his roots and rarely of where he was headed .
the trend towards a northward migration was now firmly established though , and decade by decade , successive generations of madisons crept imperceptibly up the country , first to harrow , then to mill hill , on to bushey and finally , dramatically , to leave behind their urban roots entirely , settling in leafy hertfordshire , although perhaps more accurately , suburban watford .
history was to reveal that art and helens parents were actually something akin to pioneers in the family : they had taken the decision to depart their london roots completely ; to move right way ; to achieve their ambition of living by the seaside .
king owain went red to the roots of his hair .
everyone from work used to come out as the atmosphere there had been great , then the older ones would head off home at closing time whilst the rest of the rabble would continue onto the local nightclub called roots until about 2 a.m. before falling back to the house for a few more drinks .
if she could determine the root of her mother 's illness dr . tatum might have a chance at slowing the progression until he figured out a cure .
she 'd backed out of the bedroom and fled the hotel , mortified to her curly roots .
ten - a - fly was decked out in a grass roots zip - up blue hoodie .
more than her love of the city , she knew that it would be the final betrayal of her bohemian roots .
you 're an upstanding member of the community with roots and ties .
today 's color would be blond with dark roots .
blomkvist and two others , one of whom came from skovde and had his roots in chile , were assigned to clean the prison gym each day .
her blonde hair had darker roots .
she had public support and sympathy , but gary and his roots had been the rope tethering her to the public .
this country needs a return to its roots .
the tsar , a romanov , will give us back our roots . ''
this is particularly true of those blessed with imperial roots .
` ` let 's live for today '' by the grass roots , a classic from 1967 , boomed from what her father still called a ` ` hi - fi . ''
the us - versus - them mentality at the core of southie life goes even deeper than its irish roots .
the root of the problem , he said , came down to the most basic seduction facing any fbi handler of a longtime informant .
timothy connolly was a mortgage broker trying to outrun his roots as a south boston tavern owner .
i ' m suddenly afraid she 's going to say that he 's the root of all of my problems .
but , her italian roots were rearing their ugly jealous head at the most inopportune time .
i know the root of my problem ; i just never thought it was possible to overcome my past until i met jude .
she took him deep into her mouth , but she had n't been stroking his ego ; he was big and thick , and she could n't take him to the root , not at first .
my hair feels as if it is being ripped from the roots when he begins to pull me to my feet .
and that is the root of the problem .
it takes me a ridiculously long time to stroke him from root to tip .
my hatred for her parents roots deep in my soul .
definitely not the root cause .
i do n't need to flip it open to understand the root of her anger .
there was no going back to the roots , to the way things had been .
that the mason boys had left enough of their hippy california roots behind to bring it like true country boys earned them a smidgeon of respect in my book .
the guy eyed me as i slid into the booth and then he gave adam a smile of approval that made me blush to my roots .
i blushed to my roots .
he asked for a book called sex crimes , honour , and the law in early modern spain and i blushed from the tips of my toes to the roots of my hair . '
` ` trevor , there 's something that you need to know about my mama , '' she started and the tone in her voice made my dick wither like a vine cut off at the root .
giving a guy oral pleasure meant having the root of him in my hands , between my lips , ensconced by my tongue , his hot demand in my control .
her white - trash roots , her dysfunctional family , her loser boyfriends ... ` ` and it came to their attention that you frequent a few ... racy ... clubs in los angeles , '' martina went on , stunning lexi with an unexpected left cross , ` ` with a friend , a rubi russo . ''
a familiar craving took root at the center of his body .
she murmured with pleasure as she surfaced from sleep , and stroked him from root to tip .
my feet tingled and that same thread of shocking greatness traveled up my blood stream , affecting even the roots of my hair .
she has blue eyes and blonde hair identical to mine , but her hair has started to gray so she dyes it once every couple of weeks so her roots wo n't show .
i smiled at him , trying to get to the root of the matter .
i knew they never went all the way to the roots , i 'd told myself that , but some tiny part of me hoped for his redemption , that i somehow held the key to his soul .
i wanted him inside me , filing me to the brim , buried to the root .
` ` thank you , '' i said , blushing to the roots of my hair .
he asked , his voice thick with some emotion that 's root eluded me .
his finger sliding in to the knuckle , stiff and quick , that i took as deeply as i could , that made me ache in a place tucked so far inside it did n't seem real , the root of me .
now he was out somewhere on the property , and i was on the back porch in front of the grill with a lighter and the book that seemed to be the root of all my problems .
why it would be an ideal place to put down permanent roots and raise a family .
it had been the root of many disagreements between them over the years , even if recently they 'd called a truce .
like he 'd be furious for me if he knew the root cause of my fear .
she rolls her thumb over my head , and then plunges her fist down to the root , then drags it slowly back up .
a few strokes and then she clasped the root of him , her fingers closing and squeezing far harder than she would imagine any man would enjoy - but mike groaned , a sound of ecstasy .
kane asked as he gave my hand a slight tug , but it was like my feet had taken root in the front yard and they would n't budge .
` ` oh , these help me stay true to my country roots .
pull her hair at the roots .
and deacon kept giving , blazing eyes to mine , showing he felt that same need , hand gliding into my hair , all this as he slid his cock inside me slow and sure , right to the root , filling me .
he lifted his head , caught my eyes , and slid in to the root .
then i was back to the bed , taking him until he thrust to the root , grinding , and he came for me , his face in my neck , his teeth sinking sharp into my skin .
he kept plundering then he gentled the kiss and his c**k started gliding then he planted himself to the root , his lips slid to my ear and his fist loosened in my hair but his fingers stayed tangled there .
` ` sam - '' his hand between my legs slid away , his arm clamped around my waist , his other hand curled tight at my breast , i felt him move , adjust then drive up inside me , straight to the root , filling me .
then he slid back in to the root , again slowly .
mom 's a brassy , straw blonde with at least an inch of steel gray mixed with dark roots .
it was beyond perfect because , as i cried out into mitch 's mouth , he groaned into mine as he buried himself to the root and stayed planted .
he thrust in savagely and buried himself to the root .
he planted himself to the root and his grunt turned into a groan that drove down mine .
i came down , holding him close , kissing him deep as he kept thrusting until he planted himself to the root , stayed there and growled in my mouth .
he drove in , burying himself to the root and stayed planted .
then he slid in to the root , his arm in the bed moved up so his fingers could sift into my hair on one side , his mouth glided down the other side and i felt his nose flick my ear .
then he was there , ramming so hard and deep , she cried out , he planted himself to the root and came .
that thing , that thing she gave him that started to settle again , shifted and warmed , digging deep , taking root .
he moved in and out , slowly , four times ( i counted ) before he slid in to the root and stopped .
i knew when he made it because his fingers at my neck drove into my hair , fisted , holding my head steady and he slammed his mouth down on mine as he thrust his c**k to the root and groaned down my throat .
he may have studied hard to sound like a local , but he could n't hide his roots completely .
they were the root of all evil for a person like me .
her fingers ran from the root to the tip of his cock .
with one hand she worked from the root to where her lips met his cock .
she gripped the base of his shaft , working from the root to the tip then down again .
she usually had brown hair , and she saw the brown appearing at her roots .
victoria wished her parents had chosen another pack to put down their roots .
victoria gripped the root of his shaft , working up to the tip .
they 'd moved around so often she could n't even think of a place where they put down roots .
lacey worked from the root up to the tip , working his cock for her pleasure .
lacey wrapped her fingers around his length from the root working up to the tip .
licking along the root of him , she cupped his balls to add to his pleasure .
she started to work his cock , going from the root up to the tip .
she wrapped her hand around the base of his shaft , moving up to the root .
jason had fooled himself into believing she saw past his poor boy , country roots .
simon groaned as he pulled back , tightened his grip on her hips and buried himself to the root inside of her again .
he rewarded her by filling her with one smooth stroke , burying his c**k completely to the root .
he stretched her , opened her , held her hips tightly as they completely joined , his c**k buried to the root .
his words inflamed her , and she cried out his name as he thrust powerfully into her sheath and buried himself to the root of his cock .
he 's a beast on top of me , and when he spreads my legs wide open , pressing my knees into the mattress , he slams his hips down , burying his c**k inside of me to the root .
` ` it 's good that you 're putting down roots , '' she said after a minute .
i opened my mouth to explain but stopped when i realized that at its root , the dinner was a big apology for what happened with cade .
usually the whole ma'am would completely turn me off , but there was just something about a megastar that had n't forgotten his down home roots and manners that i found endearing .
she opened her mouth , her lips quivering and i could have clapped with glee because for the first time ever , i had a high maintenance client that was n't going to make me chip away at the layers to get to the root of why they needed me in the first place .
considering the root of the romantic night i had planned was to find out if he was keeping something from me , his short , somehow curt and sweet text revealed nothing .
but perhaps there lies the root of his problems .
he and the old man had never patched things up - a private regret he carried - but when he realized it was time to stop being a wanderer and put down some roots , those little fuckers had maneuvered him right out of the family estate for good .
` ` because money is the root of all evil . ''
warm and wet and firm and - his brain swiftly blanked in the adjective department when she sucked him all the way down to the root , her happy little moan vibrating through his body .
he had n't even batted an eye last night when she 'd slipped her finger in his ass while going down on him - if anything , he 'd come even harder , nearly tugging her hair out by the roots as he exploded in her mouth .
she curled her fingers around the root of him and pumped , enjoying the low groan that exited his lips .
every muscle in his body coiled tight as she gripped the root of him and brought him to her mouth .
his folks were happily married and had been for nearly thirty years now , and they 'd raised their family in the same little town where generations of their ancestors had put up roots .
by the time he was buried to the root , his chest was soaked in sweat and his balls ached as if he 'd been celibate for twenty years .
silence spreads its roots between us and i think about everything evan does n't know about me .
it was a heady combination , and it left sophie wanting very much to know the roots of this man who existed between the two extremes .
after years of working in the corporate world and earning two master 's degrees , eleanor decided to return to her roots and pursue her passion for writing and storytelling to reach a new crop of readers .
the words made her blush to the hair roots just by thinking them , so she shook her head to move them away from her mind .
we ve been talking about how the civil war actually had its roots in the earliest days of our country .
his will is still on display in a glass case at town hall , so you can see right there that the roots of this town were well , lets just say less than traditional .
his eyes darted away , back to some blond with black roots and huge , fake boobs less than half covered .
it would have been easy to plead this excuse , but dean knew the true root of his predicament .
i decided to return to my roots , so to speak , so i came back here to look around .
i decided to come back here to find my roots .
i found my family roots and some more happy memories of the time when i felt safe and loved .
for the record , i do nt say fuck in my presence as if i m the root of all your problems .
he had finally returned to his birthplace , to his roots , as he often referred to it .
frank and i had set down roots in this untamed wilderness , hopeful that once the gold had been exhausted , people would settle down and build homes , raise children , and attend church .
a loud clash could be heard and she got up once more to search for the root of the sound .
she blushed to her roots .
the waitress looked like she was sixteen and fresh off the farm , dark roots showing through her bleach - blonde hair .
he shook his head in disappointment and walked into the bathroom without another word , as she blushed to the roots of her hair .
she blushed to the roots of her hair remembering her wanton behavior the night before .
its just amazing that simple things like fires that should have normal , scientific explanations actually have paranormal roots .
it was a fine looking face , strong and manly , celtic in its roots , but make no mistake scott taylor was all - american to his red blooded core .
but somehow the idea of being in the locker room with scott had a different dimension too many teenage fantasies had their roots in there , with his sexy american idol at the centre of them .
they were speaking to him , but he could nt understand the language , he only felt the words that had their roots in creation itself .
i blushed to the roots of my hair .
her hair was blonde from a bottle , judging by the roots , and hung down past her shoulders .
apparently nothing good since broadmore flushed to the roots of his hair .
if you are like james and have forsaken your pentecostal heritage , i urge you to return to your roots .
his flush spreads like wildfire all the way to the roots of his wavy blond hair .
it was the grass roots end of the knowledge centres .
it seemed like a lot of that was going on lately , friends returning to their roots .
though i must admit , the roots of my passion do reach back to a childhood filled with imagination .
joseph thinks the root of all my problems is the lack of children to provide for me in my old age .
shaking her head , she wondered how shed come so far from her roots .
growing up as an army brat meant there had never been a place where shed put down roots , and with the cottage , she hoped it might become a place where both she and mia could add their own history .
its like i am the root of all our problems .
i get my hair cut and styled by a hilariously funny french man called jasper , who calls mrs . daniels my love , causing her to blush to the roots of her silver hair .
david camerons roots were deep in fremont and mahaska county .
naturally , this root justification for my empathy could not be openly revealed , because it went against the hallowed notions and the rule of law that defined the collectivity .
that is another reason we chose to put down our roots here .
after finishing her education in germany and returning to her roots in sri lanka , she got a chance to turn her passion into her profession .
i cried out as i accidentally bit my cuticles to the roots .
he knew he ought to discuss such matters with dr . terzini ; that his maker would find the root cause of such reactions , but promptly rejected the notion of doing so .
months of rejuvenation had left him with a thirst that needed to be satiated ; he had nt realized its urgency until the root cause of his lethargy was identified .
better stay , tom offered , so we can get to the root of your problem .
and that guess would be that i think they want me to discover my witch roots .
it turned out that they had no roots or attachment to any one single location , and jackie , as the oldest , said she would rather not go back to a place where they had lived before and have to explain what had happened .
there was even an extermination order taken out against them right here in a land where freedom of religion is supposed to be our most treasured heritage and at the heart of the very roots of the individual liberties we all cherish today .
mr . meservy blushed to the roots of his hair , probably just now realizing that yes , he had indeed bowed to the canadians .
our legs entangled with each other in such an intimate way that i ' m sure i was blushing to the roots of my hair .
times radiation had reverted each bearer of a specific race back to their roots of thousands of years ago .
i d sent him back to our roots in africa .
sent him to his roots .
heath could nt take his eyes off annie , wanted to tell jake that she belonged to him , not some denver businessman with no roots in fire mountain .
his successful career as an attorney is about to give way to his ranching roots when a bullet changes everything .
i need to get to the very root of your pain but lets go back to a happier time .
i mean to take you back to your roots and recreate your ancestors .
when kate had hypnotized her to find what was at the root of the strange nightmare valeria kept having , she never imagined that valeria 's subconscious would click into another lifea life that her patient and enzo had possibly been involved in .
and i like the idea of folk instruments -- sort of a back to our roots kind of thing .
she had long , thin and slightly snarly straight hair , inky dark with gray roots , and a fine network of wrinkles on her skin .
mom and dad had remodeled it six years ago , taking its decor back to something more in keeping with the houses hundred - year - old queen anne roots .
that s the root of the contradiction .
i have nt gone through everything , but this does seem like the root of the problem .
she had nt said to gabriel , but she had a fascination with walled gardens that she knew had its roots in her childhood reading of frances hodgson burnetts the secret garden and she had wanted to design her own version of that space ever since she had read the pages describing the famously derelict , unloved garden that lay slumbering behind its tall , ivy clad walls .
greg thought it amusing that the little englishman pronounced australian as austrine , proving his roots were still firmly in the southern hemisphere .
newbliss in county monaghan is where his roots are , his identity , he told her .
sure the root of the problem is really the love of the drink , is nt it ?
physical attraction was a big part of this bond , but i wondered what else was lying at its root .
his look was so hot that the roots of my hair and the tips of my toes even felt it .
shed always envied people who had true roots to where they were , people who had lived in a town , or state for that matter , for their whole life .
fisting the tresses at the root , he pul ed her head back and growled in her ear , ` ` you ca n't tame me . ''
i moved my fingers , feeling the power within me , taking root , finding home .
pastor rick had a skill of meeting people where they were and getting to the root of the problem .
she fisted him at the root , then stroked to tip .
he sank to the root , touching the end of her .
she shuddered and strained to accommodate him , but he took a swift step forward and drove himself in to the root .
i hoped you might want to put down some roots here , make something of yourself . '
foxy 's best man , conor , another clown who had left behind his irish roots with his irish accent , made a speech of profound vulgarity where he said that one of the perks of being best man was that you got to shag the bridesmaid , and that this would n't be too great an ordeal tonight .
the general opinion was that the roots industry in ireland was well covered already .
there were rumors the theoharis family , and the business itself , could trace their roots as far back as the acropolis .
he stroked her hair from root to the long tips , his fingertips running along her spine and staying long enough to trace a small circle just above the cleft of her bum .
` ` it 's from a poem called ' the roots of love . ' ''
the root of his worry lay in the knowledge she 'd never be able to surrender her entire self , because she 'd lost the ability to trust .
to her surprise , he disengaged himself from her immediately and stepped back , leaving her with a sense of abandonment that failed to allow the feeling of relief she 'd been hoping for to take root .
she tried to mentally cut them off at the roots but they went too deep .
the familiar cold returned , sweeping into his veins and taking root .
he had n't quite gotten to the root of the problem and found himself floundering a bit in his attempt to pin it down .
gretchen verbalized my greatest fear , the root of them all , one stretching all the way back to high school .
a breathless cry escaped me before i 'd taken him to the root .
i wrapped my legs around his hips , welcoming him deeper , feeling his buttocks flex and release against my calves as he demonstrated to my body that it would indeed take his thick length all the way to the root .
taking a few seconds to study her - blonde hair with solid gray roots , heavy makeup and a bright red sequined top - i decided ` ` marilyn , '' as her name tag suggested i call her , had probably seen her share of loser men chasing after the showgirls here .
jacey is the common thread , the root of this unholy coincidence .
i realized that one thing is the root of my issue .
` ` why do you keep paying me if you do n't want to discuss the root of your problems ? ''
his mouth remained on my nipple , and he did n't thrust again , just stayed there , buried to the root , our h*ps grinding together .
i rubbed his tip in circles with my thumb , slid down to the root and massaged his bal s before caressing his length once more .
` ` could be the root of ours , '' fox decided .
infants were quickly adopted and older children were often shuff led from home to home , family to family , never having the opportunity to put down roots in any one community .
` ` black roots .
her roots were showing some , but not too bad , so she made a zigzag part on top to hide the darker color .
` ` i want , '' she said emphatically , ` ` to get to the root of the problem and that means seeing a counselor .
as her nails bit into the palms of her hands , those words sent a shiver from the tips of emily 's toes straight up to the roots of her hair .
she blushed to the roots of her hair , but she felt compelled to dispel his belief and also to defend seth .
they reported on her small - town roots , her stellar education , her pricey beachfront condo , her devastating breakup with philip .
her name was cassie , her hair was blond with dark roots , and she wore a lot of makeup , along with tight jeans and high heels .
i know how much you wanted a place where you could put down roots . ''
it was a perfect representation of the ` ` new '' bellevue -- expensive , brash , and trendy , with just enough atrium space to display its northwest roots .
they had n't given their children a sense of roots , of home .
that uncertainty lay at the root of guy 's guilt .
` ` if his blush was any indication , i think i embarrassed him all the way to the roots of his snow - white hair . ''
` ` take it , '' he bit out , angling my descent to gain that last little part of me that let him to sink in to the root .
i moaned and reached for his cock , gripping him in my hands , stroking him from root to tip .
i slid onto him , taking him to the root in one smooth , slick glide .
he is gone to protect his princess from the root of all evil : our parents . ''
she was back to her roots .
he spun away from her , rage taking root in his soul .
this blanket refusal to listen to anything he said had stymied him until he realized their fear of the election was at the root of their refusal to be swayed by his arguments .
reagan sighed and took cath 's shoulders , pulling her head down and shaking her hair out at the roots .
i notice that i am gray at the roots .
he did n't have roots in any one place .
but julia glanced twice and saw what others could not see - the small town girl who was ashamed of her blue collar roots and wished to leave them far behind .
it was a huge mess , and i was at the root of it . ''
` ` we were at the root of it , gabriel .
julia did n't want to run back into his arms only to escape the pain of their separation ; that would be like taking a pill to kill a pain without investigating its root causes .
then he blushed to the roots of his hair and began to stammer .
his hand gripped at the root and stroked to the tip .
intrigued by his possible meaning , she stil ed just shy of engulfing the root of him .
when he held still , she struggled , circling her hips , grinding against the root of his shaft .
if only they could ascertain what the root of the problem was ... ` ` mademoiselle piccard . ''
he had no home , no roots , no family .
i felt myself blush to the roots of my hair .
i knew i was blushing to the roots of my hair .
he wanted to palm those firm cheeks while he tilted her h*ps to the perfect angle to take his c*ck to the root .
his abdomen laced tight as he grabbed her h*ps and plunged to the root , grinding against her .
i was making a big deal out of something small , but then , malachi knew why , or at least the root of it .
` ` do you remember last night when you put your mouth ... '' she blushed to the roots of her hair even thinking of verbalizing her thoughts .
and , honestly , as out of the blue as the question seemed , i realized this was the root of our problem .
emma blushed to the roots of her hair and changed the subject , but abigail was still thinking about how sebastian had kissed her sister .
he winked shamelessly and then she blushed from the roots of her hair down her glorious neck .
i want to get to the root of my current issue , not dig into something useless .
she flushed to the roots of her hair , warmed by the tenderness in his touch .
renee had been thrilled at the prospect of putting down roots , but at the same time apprehensive about changing schools again .
she started planning a great escape back to her roots .
lil blushed straight down to the roots of her hair .
missing journals , reappearing pages , ancient wagers - was that wager at the root of the animus between his brother and colonel twelvetrees ?
the roots of the dream were clear to him ; he would never hear the name twelvetrees without some thought of the duel in which hal had killed nathaniel twelvetrees , after nathaniel 's seduction of hal 's first wife .
major siverly was the ostensible root of this tangle .
that was the main root of his feeling regarding betty , after all .
babies were born in the same house where grandparents died , and there was a wonderful sense of continuity , of roots , that has gone by the wayside now as families scatter to the four corners of the earth .
but the root problem has to be bigger than that , or maybe smaller , more subtle , and killing a million zombies is n't going to fix it , because there 's always going to be more . '
the equations at the roots of our problems were complex , and we were far too exhausted to solve them .
teddy felt herself blush to the roots of her hair .
rubbing her eyes , she leaned back in the captain 's chair and wished she had roots somewhere , something that was hers , a place to call home .
but could she deny a father his child or a child its father , live life on the run , always looking over her shoulder and never set down roots or make a home ?
his georgia roots oozed into his gravelly voice and over her skin like a humid southern breeze .
erin wanted stability , permanence , roots .
nobody in this office knew about her roots , and she intended to keep it that way .
but i 'd appreciate it if we could save the discussion of my roots for another time so that you can concentrate on flying this plane . ' ''
she might try to give that impression , but stress brought out her roots .
she was n't afraid of forgetting herself and revealing her roots .
soon the dark roots would begin to show , and she 'd start wearing her glasses instead of her contacts , and the glamour would disappear .
` ` your roots ? ''
she thinks i ' m throwing my life away , and then there 's this thing about her roots . ''
` ` her roots ? ''
` ` there 's the issue of my roots . ''
but , caelen , she 's frightfully ... ignorant of ... '' she broke off and blushed to the roots of her hair .
she blushed to the roots of her hair , her cheeks a delightful shade of pink .
hope took root inside of him as he stepped towards her , his eyes desperately searching hers for some indication of her feelings .
a baseball cap , an old light blue egyptian cotton v - neck t - shirt and levi 's , along with a pair of merrells made him feel more in touch with his roots , and the disguise was closer to matt jones than to michael bournham .
it was in no way obvious - and yet , now that he did look - she did radiate that strange appeal , that remarkable gift , held by a few women , that bypassed such superficial appreciations as looks , age , or wit , and caused a man simply to wish to seize her and- he choked the sprouting image off at the root .
the closed eyes , slanted and mysterious with those odd lashes of his , blond at the root , so deep an auburn at the tips as to seem almost black .
a big one stands over five feet at the shoulder , and the rump of a well - fed mare is almost a yard across , a pale , dappled gray or shining black , adorned with a waterfall of black hair , thick as my arm at the root of it .
for the sins of the fathers shall be visited on the children ... and thou shalt destroy him , root and branch , so that his name shall no more be known among the tribes of israel .
his lashes lay long and curving against his cheek ; they were a deep auburn , nearly black at the tips , but a pale blond near the roots .
brianna felt a sudden prickle at the roots of her hair that had nothing to do with singer or crowd , but with the song itself .
` ` according to the vicar , many of the local folk thought the war was due in part to people turning away from their roots and omitting to take proper precautions , such as burying a sacrifice under the foundation , that is , or burning fishes ' bones on the hearth - except haddocks , of course , '' he added , happily distracted .
oddly colored , though ; dark auburn at the tips , they were very light , almost blond at the roots .
he spread my thighs with his knee and sheathed himself to the root in a single thrust that made me gasp .
the smoky air was filled with the trance over the room ; the feeling that lies at the root of lust , the terrible yearning need to join , and create .
infinitely still , live as the root of creation .
god knew what feverish pagan roots the scottish new year 's celebration sprang from , but there was a reason why i wanted to have a good lot of medicinal preparations made up in advance - the same reason jamie was now up at the whisky spring , deciding which barrels were sufficiently aged as not to poison anyone .
another time , he might have been interested to see a shivaree , and trace all the roots of it from french and highland customs - but not bloody now .
she reached for his lean h*ps and tugged at the same time she lifted , forcing him in to the root , his heavy balls slapping against the seam of her ass .
the text he 'd stolen from the temple of the elders was even more difficult , filled with words that no longer existed and were not the roots of the language they used today .
` ` it 's so far from your roots .
but when jasper bowed over miss tolliver 's hand and the young lady blushed to the roots of her lovely dark hair , eliza found her mood altering drastically .
she wished she could clench the length of him , caress him fervently from root to tip .
eliza watched , riveted , as he gripped his c*ck at the root and stroked upward , pulling and stretching , swelling further until he was certain he 'd never been this hard and thick .
i felt the heat rise on my face , starting at my neck and surpassing my eyes until it scorched the roots of my hair .
he considers the root of the problem when he makes a decision . ''
he 's not even touching my sex , which is soaked and clutching with need , but oh god , i feel pleasure from the roots of my hair to the soles of my feet .
i suspected that whatever was at the root of his parasomnia had taken place there .
she was n't as sexually frustrated as she had been , but the root cause of her ache had n't changed .
she paused , breath held at the apex , torso stretched taut , h*ps drawn up ... then exhaled once more and sank down onto him , slowly sliding his huge , incredible , soft yet iron - hard c*ck into her all the way , stretching her body down his until he was buried in her softness to the root , until they were joined fully .
macy was flushing crimson to her hair roots .
she knew it was him from his tall , lean figure and the way he walked , with a loose , easy confidence that sparked off a tremor from the roots of her hair all the way to her toes .
other people might struggle with admitting that particular emotion , but to her , it was quite a simple truth , and at the root of all the confusion .
his voice dropped to an intimate timbre that made chills run from the tips of her toes to the roots of her hair .
` ` because we both know that the root of a good match is happiness .
they 'd also used her for other things , but her blood was the root cause of her captivity .
he was so thick and long , wide from the tip to the root .
her breath left her in a gasped cry of his name as he slid in to the root , buried completely .
when he was finally in her to the root , she was sobbing with the need to pump and grind and take her pleasure .
alistair was infuriated by her disquiet and the possible root of it .
she sank onto him to the root .
this was where his roots were , sunk generations deep into the rich soil .
her head lifted and lowered , her lips sliding slickly up and down , her fist pumping him at the root .
jake withdrew , then slid in to the root .
with a roll of his hips , he sank into her to the root .
with a growl , he thrust in to the root and started coming , spurting hot and thick in the depths of her rear .
it 's not clear how this could have happened , though , and so the prevailing theory today is that there are at root two types of glamours - the angelic glamours that we nephilim use , produced by the inscription of marks , and demonic glamours , used by everyone else .
everyone has , at root , wanted peace .
they believed in the purity of humans and the impurity of downworld , believed that downworlders were at their root demons , and believed that downworlders should be slaughtered to keep the world pure for humans .
so many taboos find roots in sex and manage to grow so many interesting branches .
humanity : the root of all evil ?
( and who 's to say that the root of downworlders ' darkness is n't human in origin , just amplified by demon blood beyond what a normal person experiences ? )
her copper hair is in need of a touch - up at the roots as evidenced by the four inches of silver sprouting from her scalp .
the idea of putting down roots , of creating an actual home , was sounding better the more she considered it .
the choice travis now had to make had its roots in two distinct events .
it was n't anyone 's business and yet it was , because his roots were here .
i ' m thinking that this might be a good place for me to put down some roots .
my roots are here .
because a person tends to run into the same people with regularity - while shopping , driving , attending church , going to parties - an underlying courtesy has taken root in this town , and it is often possible to do things that may seem impossible elsewhere .
not that vegas was the best place to put down roots , but rick had changed since meeting his wife , and wanted to share the bliss .
mary blushed all the way to the roots of her hair .
` ` i am thicker at the root , '' he murmured wickedly .
she was already so full it was hard to breathe , but she shifted slightly and he slipped in to the root .
she felt herself blush to the roots of her hair .
pel sank deep onto him , the slick lips of her cunt encircling the very root of his cock .
for the first time since bea 's illness , she felt a gut - wrenching fear take root .
joey had joined the group and was flushed to his yellow hair roots with the humiliation of having a teenage sister bawling on the sidewalk .
his touch tingled clear to the roots of her long red hair swishing as she hung upside down .
but seeing matthew 's lifestyle laid out so grandly only emphasized their different roots .
her lawyer had received the paperwork just this morning , although he vowed he had no idea how jonah had learned of her medina roots .
she was n't as detached from her roots as she tried to make out .
having people learn the truth about her background scared eloisa to the roots of her hair - but at least she did n't have to deal with everyone knowing .
he shoved to his feet and paced in the space she 'd decorated with such hope and plans , a blend of her dual roots .
a burn prickled along her skin until the roots of her hair tingled .
nerves tingling to the roots of her hair , she turned away from her brass bed .
we 'll have roots here , whether i stay in the air force or not . ''
` ` i may be from new york , but i do claim some southern roots .
it was a passionate silence , one that had its roots in comfort and desire .
yet ruth and i hardly heeded these developments as we fell in love with a new movement in art called lyrical abstractionism , which had its roots in both pollock and rothko .
` ` if we consider vampyric lore , it 's not impossible the undead , drinker of blood , and so forth , does n't have its legitimate roots in this demon .
she shaped the mounds of his pectorals , thumbed his tiny hard n**ples , traced the ridged muscles of his abdomen , his appendix scar , and finally combed her fingers through the tangle of curls at the root of his arousal .
she spoke with an upper crust british accent , no hint of her bezakistani roots at all .
between landon 's slow , desperate kisses and the stimulation from cooper 's touch , she relaxed , sinking deeper until she 'd taken his c*ck inside her all the way to the root .
but mom had started me thinking that the roots of this could go back quite a while .
` ` you do n't want to put down roots ? ''
` ` i have roots in family . ''
where are your roots ? ''
until he 'd found the escape of loud music and earbuds they 'd even reached his head , taking over until every hair tingled at the root .
money , the lack of it , had been the root of their problems .
his flush grew , going all the way to the roots of his red hair .
hindsight told her that the root of their problem had been her parents ' divorce .
she cataloged everything about him : his silky - hard texture , the faint smell of sweat and musk , the tang of salt concentrated at his weeping slit , the dusting of brown hair on his thighs that thickened at the root of his cock , the way he groaned and jerked as she took him all the way to the back of her throat .
he 'd usually gone wherever duty called , without any thought to putting down roots or building a future , but now ... xander and javier had obviously planted themselves in lafayette to play house with london , so he suspected he was here for the duration .
i need to find a place of my own since it looks like they might put roots down here for a while .
chapter seven an hour later , gia left the department store still blushing to the roots of her hair and dazed .
she 'd quickly taken root , a weed he could n't bring himself to pull .
the bleach blonde with the gray roots looked ready to piss her pants .
the vibration of the plane combined with her attention to his c*ck produced a surreal buzz of excitement that traveled from his toes to the roots of his hair .
jake had lived in polecat for many years , and they seemed ready to pluck him out of there as if he had no roots in the community .
surrounded by towering , snow - clad mountains and tucked in between ice fields larger than some states , it was a rough - and - tumble city that clung tenaciously to its pioneer and native roots .
but if she set down roots in bluebonnet , she 'd need a reason to keep hanging around .
my mendon roots ca n't compete .
the argument over declan 's detour here - to see me - has roots that go way back .
i really do believe it is the root of all and every evil , including the greed that stole their lives . ''
money is n't the root of all evil .
it 's the love of money that 's the root of all evil . ''
his arm on the back of the sofa radiated a warmth that made the roots of her hair tingle .
it serves as a root word for so many variations .
kelly flushed all the way to the roots of her shining hair , a damned pretty blush that brought more than a whisper of regret to the eyes of other men in the room .
a kiss that still tingled all the way to the roots of her hair .
while the whole idea of being hunted by the paparazzi scared her to her roots , right here in the suv with tony , she felt safe .
that one thrust had unfurled the tension into shimmering sensations and before the orgasm finished tingling all the way to the roots of her hair , he 'd carried her to his room , her legs still around him .
unlikely she would ever forget his roots now that she knew .
his royal roots showed through again as he assumed command .
` ` ah , you remember my medina roots after all . ''
she asked , suddenly curious to the roots of her hair .
she realized his secret had noble roots , a profession that brought justice , so different than her father 's secret life , his hidden second family with a mistress and two children .
pleasure rippled from her core , pulling through her , outward until the roots of her hair tingled .
a kiss that still made the roots of her hair tingle .
awareness tingled to the roots of her hair .
the moment teddy lunged for gavin , gavin turned into the streetwise bruiser he must have been in his youth , fighting as hard and as dirty as the other man , hurling epithets that would curl a dockworker 's hair , his normally refined baritone moving closer and closer back to his brooklyn roots with every passing word .
money is the root of all evil . ''
one second she was flustered and feeling the flush to the roots of her hair , the next she was confused .
his cock entered her before his lips even left hers , and he buried himself to the root inside her .
slowly , slowly , sensations rippled from her thighs to her br**sts to the roots of her hair as zack 's mouth and fingers worked together as a tandem team and heated her body to boiling point .