she had to support herself somehow even though the idea of living in the jungle in a tree house and living off of nuts and berries sounded pretty good right about now .
i looked down at my nails to see a chip in my very berry nail polish , and i was just beside myself .
the servant arrived with buttered toast and a bowl filled with blueberries , raspberries , strawberries and several other berries she did n't recognize .
he did n't press immediately because his housekeeper bustled into the room , carrying warm croissants and muffins along with a huge bowl of freshly cut fruit with brightly colored berries and watermelon .
the room smelled of romance , a mixture of roses and berries with a hint of vanilla .
her lips were slightly parted , soft and red and glossy , as though moistened with the juice of berries .
he poured them glasses of champagne to go with their first course which was a mix of fresh berries with cream .
then i run a bath , add lavender oil , step into it , and , lying back , close my eyes , but i am too nervous and excited to relax and after a few minutes i get out and , wrapping myself in a fluffy bathrobe that smells of squashed berries , i go into the kitchen .
nearly black mascara , smoky brown eyeshadow and luscious berry lipstick .
transfixed by my own beauty i form words , just to watch my berry lips in movement .
the african sun has turned him as brown as a berry , but it is his eyes .
you 're already as brown as a berry . '
` ` i swear , when i went to knott 's berry farm with them last summer , mia about wore me into the ground .
the proprietress was attempting to foist off on you a hideous hat covered with little grapes and berries , by convincing you that if you wore it for a stroll in the park , the gentlemen would fall at your feet . ''
you build an entire little scene around the snowman using branches and berries and rocks , '' she said , pulling on a pair of waterproof ski gloves she 'd found at the bottom of the closet .
they repaid him instead with whatever goods and services they were able to provide - with livestock , fish , and fowl for his table , with repairs to his carriage and to his home , with freshly baked loaves of bread and baskets of juicy , handpicked berries .
but i bet i ' m the first one to mix it with a dozen unnamed leafy greens and the wild berries gustavo grows and collects and gives to me to consume , assuring me they 're the secret to my never needing any of our esteemed colleagues ' services . ''
after a breakfast of yogurt and fresh berries , i set up spotify on hudson 's laptop , logging in as me , and turned on one of my favorite playlists .
farmed fruits and vegetables , especially figs , apricots , berries and corn , were astounding in size and taste .
tasting the tart sweetness of berry sauce on her tongue , he groaned , plunging deeper , seeking more of her taste , demanding her surrender .
her breath was a sweet puff of heat against his mouth as he moved in to kiss her , her lips as red and tempting as plump berries in summertime .
do you have any fruit or berries or anything we can feed this baby pixie ? ''
and then he used a berry to follow the trail down my belly .
i 'd finished off my dinner and was debating between apple pie or the slightly more sane bowl of berries , when a messenger arrived at our table .
we 'd indulged in everything from delicate crepes to plump berries to coffee with thick , heavy cream .
she tasted so good - like berries , sweet cream , and musky woman .
smiling , graham gave her a wink and set the berries and whipped cream on the countertop beside her then took a second to open the bottle of white wine .
coating her nipples a second time , he removed a strawberry from the box and swiped the end of the berry in the cream and held it to her mouth .
he dipped a second berry into the cream on her second nipple , ate the berry and then covered his lips with hers .
he dipped a second berry into the cream on her second nipple , ate the berry and then covered his lips with hers .
just like any typical english garden , it was surrounded with blooming flowers , bushes and trees with fresh fruits , especially berries .
max had arranged for breakfast to be on the flight , and about thirty minutes into the trip , we were drinking orange juice and coffee , and sharing a truly sinfully large plate of french toast with berries and cream and syrup .
` ` berries , '' he pronounce and lifted the dome on a dish full of strawberries and raspberries .
` ` i know berries and whipped cream is a bit cliche but for the life of me , i could n't think of a more sexy fruit , other than the peach between your legs . ''
we twined around each other at last , breathing the fragrance of berries and the musky heat of arousal rising from both of us .
` ` these taste like little berries in a bowl of cream . ''
i do n't know what universe you live in , but panna cotti with berries is n't chocolate .
colton seeing sophie after her run - breathing hard from exertion and pink as a berry makes me want things i told myself i could n't have .
no , when she looks at me i can see the pulse thrum in her neck , her cheeks blushing like a ripe berry .
mia sinks down and digs through the bag , pulling out the rest of the items while i open the wine - she finds two plastic cups , a package of crackers , a block of cheese , fresh berries , sliced lunchmeat and cookies .
she laughs at me and pops another berry into her mouth .
word spread among my clients that i 'll wax backs , chests , eyebrows , ears , bellies , and the old twig and berries for an extra fee .
she gestured to the stacks of white boxes in front of a cluster of chokecherry and buffalo berry bushes .
minutes dragged by as she began preparing the berries she 'd need to mix with the root .
sumi added the berries and mixed them together with the root as best she could .
can you gather more root and berries for me ?
` ` suck an asteroid berry , you pirate - snot . ''
i like to eat berries . ''
the next morning , when curiosity had driven her back to the meadow , she 'd found it littered with piles of berries .
as the queen stepped gracefully forward , the sun lanced down through the trees and sparked off the circlet of golden berries she wore around her head .
after grabbing another berry off the plate , jace popped it into his mouth and shot upstairs .
magnus had dined with faeries only a few times before in his life , and the decor had always tended toward the naturalistic - tree - trunk tables , cutlery made of elaborately shaped branches , plates of nuts and berries .
the shadows rippled and pulsed , and for a stuttered heartbeat , they swelled like an overripe berry and then stilled .
they had found me some figs and berries to snack on but the exertion of walking up the mountain drove my hunger to levels of starvation .
her hands and arms clad in a pair of long gloves , she held out a bowl of small red berries .
she snapped her fingers and another woman ran over , carrying a second bowl of berries .
the air was moist always , the trees that grew about our little lakes and riverets immense , the ferns also of gigantic size , and the fruit of all kinds and colors - mangos , pears , melons of all sizes - always abundant , and the cliffs hung with vines of wild berry and grape , and the grass forever thick and green .
she could feel some coloring on her lips and it tasted like fresh berries .
and she saw that he was taking the fruit from the bowl - dates , pieces of melon and peach , tiny pears , dark red berries - and that he was carefully dipping each piece in a silver cup of honey .
` ` dunstan allowed as that he was ; and they spoke of the weather and agreed that it would be bad for the farmers and that , from the quantity of holly berries and yew berries already apparent , it would be a cold , hard winter .
` ` dunstan allowed as that he was ; and they spoke of the weather and agreed that it would be bad for the farmers and that , from the quantity of holly berries and yew berries already apparent , it would be a cold , hard winter .
then she took a handful of nuts and berries and seeds from a wooden bowl and placed them inside the cage , which she hung from a chain in the middle of the caravan .
wes : the barn or the berry patches along the creek .
to berries scattered over the floor .
she quirked a brow at a selection of berries .
` ` the other berries are n't poisonous . ''
but he did n't seem to mind her nibbling one berry from his palm at a time .
thorny berry bushes made an almost impenetrable fence , but her mother had gotten through somehow , and the old woman knelt at the base of the pine tree , her sun hat askew on the ground and her hair undone .
pixy dust was everywhere , and the ugly red stain on my sleeve from the organic berries looked ominous .
he returned a few minutes later and spread out a feast before her , the scent of berries , yeast and sugar wafting up and making her mouth water .
` ` your ni**les are like berries , '' he said .
hector fit his lips over her berry pink nipple and bit down , tugging the bud , making it swell with a rush of achy blood .
her tongue rolled against his , bringing with it the tastes of summer : berries dipped in cream , newly blooming roses and sultry midnights .
skin like honey , eyes like cinnamon and lips as red as berries .
this woman - his woman - tasted like perfectly ripe berries , felt like caged lightning against him , and the sounds she made as his tongue rolled and thrust against hers , those little catches of breath , were like heroin mixed with ambrosia .
and dear gods , sucking one of those little berries into his mouth was a religious experience .
if they lucked out and found berries or nuts , they could store the food for later .
and oh , her taste was exquisite , just as he remembered , like summer berries dipped in fresh cream .
you can tell me all about it when we get home - after you ' ve nursed the blue ranger and his berry good friends back to health . ''
i take a small handful of berries and pass the bowl to christina .
he popped the berry into his mouth , looking around the massive living area , all leather , granite , stainless steel , and glass .
she bit into the berry .
she smells like berries .
especially for a pretty girl who smells like berries .
i curl up on her sweatshirt , which is like stuffing my face into a berry patch , and i think of my demands .
not the berries , but the hannah .
ally and i exchange a look before returning our attention to the multitiered goji berry with gold flake filling disaster .
i ' m assuming the blotches are the berries , but they just make the cake look as if it 's been sitting out too long and is getting moldy .
` ` i slept in the woods and ate berries . ''
i bite through the hard milk chocolate and sweet , juicy berry , and josh 's eyes greedily watch my mouth .
his eyes shine with mischief as he takes a bite and then bends down to kiss me , the chocolate and the juice from the berry on his lips .
she smells like strawberries and cara , her own soft , sweet scent mingling with the berries .
whatever it was , it smelled like berries .
candles here and there , all of them burning , making the place smell like berries .
he wiped her berry gloss off his lips with the back of his hand while still smiling .
but when he got into the apartment , she was already at the kitchen counter , pulling on a velvet jacket that was another berry color , this time blackberry .
the smell of something in the air , fruity , like berries .
my makeup of the day was gently but swiftly washed off and black kohl went around my eyes , charcoal gray eye shadow , the dusting of gold powder along my cheekbones and temples and deep berry lip tint was painted on my lips .
incense teetru had sourced weeks ago at my request burned , smelling of berries .
it was a berry colored book with a film strip and a white title .
perhaps some sweet berries ?
she tasted of wine , berries , of beauty .
the smell of berries from her breakfast warm on her breath .
oh , and he had companionship - that of a tiny squirrel who often fought with him over nuts and wild berries .
rosalind drank the contents of her wine , relishing the taste of sweet berries , and ... what was that other unfamiliar taste ?
he took a bite of the berry , his gaze never wavering from her face .
i ' m preoccupied with those thoughts all day , watching absently as the kids pick berries and chase chickens and milk the goats .
what she found atop a layer of red velvet was a beautifully made tiara of mistletoe , the plump white berries woven around bright green leaves in an intricate pattern .
she was wearing a crown made of bright green leaves and berries , and as he worked to recover his senses , it took him a few beats longer than it should have to realize it was a crown of mistletoe .
wearing only the tiara of mistletoe leaves and berries , mary reached for jack and drew him tightly against her as they came together for the first time as husband and wife .
and that meant she was going to have to go to dr . sam- ` ` are the berries to your liking , madam ? ''
renna also noticed dark kohl highlighting keva 's slanted eyes and a berry stain on her lips .
` ` not older like halle berry .
that meant there had to be a lot of berries .
the picture of an almond - and - berry salad with poppy - seed dressing caught her eye as she turned the pages .
with the colorful berries and white poppyseed dressing it looked as appetizing as it had in the cookbook .
` ` i hope you like berries . ''
the cheesecake can be served with or without berries on top .
` ` wash and dry your berries first .
remember to put the covered berries on greased waxed paper when you 're done .
` ` do you have the big kind of berries ? ''
but we can certainly round up a few baskets of berries that 'll work nicely . ''
shoving the ultrasound films back into her glove compartment , she gathered the berry pies she 'd brought , and got out .
a garland of ribbons and red berries wraps around the bannister leading upstairs , and beeswax candles glow inside every room .
` ` i saw some green berries in the jungle . ''
` ` what sort of berries were they ? ''
` ` berries are the worst types of fruit to just pick and eat .
` ` i ' m not a huge berry person anyway ; i always get the seeds stuck in my teeth , and it 's a pain to get them out . ''
while the nymphs watch over him , i gather enough water , herbs and berries to keep him fed for a while - or at least i hope it 'll be enough .
i give him an extra bowl of berries , and he eats that , too .
once i was completely out of sight and earshot , i created five dead rabbits and three quail , along with a pouch full of berries .
popping a few berries into her mouth , she chewed slowly , her eyes fluttering shut as if she were savoring them .
i drink the tisane - which tastes of rotten berries and old hay - then hand the cup back .
i loved the way her ni**les pebbled up on my tongue like a berry .
a long ass strand of berries was in our daughter 's hands .
` ` we made berry strands for the tree .
it already smells of pine , so i ' m sure the dog wo n't notice the berries . ''
ty giggled before shoving his face down again and grabbing the berries with his tongue , leaving me feeling empty .
then he swooped down and grabbed the young lady one day while she was out picking berries .
they feasted on berries and seeds and warbled sweetly .
champagne , but with other fruit instead of orange juice - peaches or berries , say . ''
you ever seen me put berries in my beer ? ''
where did you find the berries ?
the whole family took pity on him , and ronan made his favorite breakfast , a mountain of waffles with berries and honey .
hard to grow that large on a ration of fish and swamp berries , but mikita had somehow managed .
every fall we go to fisherman 's tree to pick the berries , and then we make wine . ''
they went to gather berries there every year to make the wine .
it was a big family affair : children gathered the berries , women cleaned them , men talked ... ` ` what else could it be ? ''
the family goes there to pick the berries for the wine each year .
we may have to make excursions into the mire to gather the berries . ''
and it was n't like he did n't enjoy licking her , tasting her , nipping at the sweet berry that waited for his tongue .
fallen berries littered the forest floor , scarlet juices staining the mud where the berries had burst .
fallen berries littered the forest floor , scarlet juices staining the mud where the berries had burst .
by the time i chased him down , his face was covered in purple berry juice .
the berries are poisonous , but he had n't gotten enough of it in him to do any damage .
she reached to the nearest vine , snagged a handful of pale yellow berries , and handed some to him .
the vendor offered the little girls a cup of some sort of round red berries .
he smelled crisp dough with a slight buttery taste and a tantalizing scent of roasted passion raspberry , the only variety of the old planet berry that grew in the southern provinces .
meli served him shockingly sweet coffee in tiny cups , with a side of red arna berries still on the vine and spicy sweet bread .
mr . mcgregor and hamish both claimed that the river teemed with fish , and in the folds of the valley , the mcgregor women and children of old would have found berries and other sustenance .
` ` i 'll wager there are bushes plump with berries down there now , '' juliana said , her mouth starting to water .
i 'd bring home plenty of bright red berries , half of which i ate on the way .
i had checked the outdoor area , but aunt b was n't at any of the black wrought - iron tables , so i went inside , past the counter filled with confections of chocolate , berry , and cream , through the narrow room with a bench to the back .
she bit down on the bright berry , contrasted with the smooth cream , the combination delightful .
when they finished the bowl , laughing together , they washed the berries down with more of the heady champagne .
violet leaned forward and tentatively bit down on the berry , then she closed her eyes in rapture .
daniel licked the thread of chocolate that spilled down from it , then drew the berry into his mouth .
she shrugged again , and peter stood up to circle the faded gravestones , which were covered in sap and bird droppings and stained with juice from the berries growing thickly in the surrounding bushes .
did you know that the wild blueberry is the state berry of maine ?
and getting out occasionally when he sped by in the boat , in order to woo him like halle berry coming out of the ocean in a james bond movie ( which i had seen with the boys about a hundred times .
` ` um , i am going to look for berries , '' henry said .
as we packed and prepared to leave , james reappeared with a sack overflowing with teal - colored berries .
` ` our supplies were running low , and i thought i recognized some berry bushes a little ways back . ''
gorgeous she was , like a halle berry type .
entering with a full tray , he said , ` ` i ' ve brought the hot water for your healing brew , and a piece of berry pie still warm from the oven . ''
` ` just another piece of berry pie . ''
lucivar shrugged , then filled two of the plates on the counter with eggs and bacon , adding slices of toast and a bowl of summer berries .
they 'd been out picking berries , and when they saw the smoke , they hid .
steak , scrambled eggs , and thick pieces of toasted bread spread with butter and some of the berry jam she 'd made .
` ` i was talking about the pickle berries . ''
to add to the insult , the dragons had chomped on pickle berries throughout that whole damn performance while jaenelle had nibbled daintily and watched with wide - eyed apprehension .
` ` i gave mrs . beale a pickle berry once , '' she said in a small voice .
they would walk at an easy pace , stopping to pick wild berries or rest near a stream .
i mixed up a berry fruit salad and added it to a parfait glass with vanilla yogurt .
` ` egg white omelette with ham and green onions and a cup of berries , please . ''
she offered , methodically separating her melon from her berries .
dark coffee , tiny little lemon cakes , freshly cut berries and cream , and a side of sunny coastline .
i asked , spooning up a bite of berries .
shuffling across the floor in his socks , with boxers low on his hips , he grinned through his sleep haze and burrowed into my side as i sliced melon and berries .
` ` do n't mock the berry , '' she said when she paused to take a breath , then turned back to the kid behind the counter .
she revealed a spread of food : crackers ; cheeses ; a rainbow of fruit , from lush berries to slices of buttercup yellow mango to spring green coins of kiwi ; and tiny sausages speared by toothpicks .
from shepherd 's pie to a barbecue sundae , seven - layer dip or a trifle of cakes and berries if that floated your boat .
it was halle berry .
` ` but you do know that even if i cut your hair like this , you 're not going to look like halle berry ? ''
it was possible to die from ingesting the poisonous berry , and it could cause adverse effects like dizziness , trouble breathing , and nausea .
i took it , nodding , and barely glanced at the dark berries in the sack .
i did n't , but i hoped he 'd think i gave him some exotic berry .
he held the rest of the berry for her to take in her mouth .
she 'd dried her long hair and it smelled sweet like berries as he pulled her into his arms .
marta , the housekeeper and a lovely troll , had set up a table in the conservatory , then brought her a perfect spinach omelet and a shallow bowl full of succulent mixed berries .
ten minutes later , when jayden and i were sitting on the couch together , plates of berries and shortcake on our laps as we watched spongebob on tv , i could see tyler and easton out of the corner of my eye in the kitchen .
i think it 's whey and pomegranate or acai berry or whatever is hip with health nuts at the moment .
and i live in hope that someday i 'll find a hairstyle that will make me look like halle berry . ''
` ` why would you want to look like halle berry ? ''
the winter berries on the bush .
she added a bar of soap to her pile of toiletries , the scent of some kind of berries drifting across the room .
she pushed her food around again , jabbing the cobbler until berries spurted purple juice into the crust the way she used to do with her mother 's cobbler .
once inside , she washed her hands with raspberry - colored liquid soap , causing the strong smell of berries to fill the small room .
i thanked bea , who told us to come back soon , and gave aud a piece of four berry pie , on the house .
he looked down at her curiously , then led her to a bower , where he offered her berries and clean water .
the smells of smoke , fermentation , juniper berries , and turpentine were heavy in the humid air .
the great warehouse held huge copper barrels set over smoldering fires , and the air smelled of alcohol and juniper berries .
a small scrap of paper was revealed now , and silence plucked it out from under the berries .
silence glanced back at the street as mary darling snagged three more berries .
silence picked up a berry and popped it into mary darling 's mouth .
and the women gathered berries and vegetables from the woods and fields once the green things began to grow . ''
` ` i lived on dried meat and berries for months in the woods .
it was neither the biggest nor the smallest berry , but it was perfectly red and ripe .
bishop and jenna were filling a pillowcase full of the little red berries from a yew ; aiden was cutting snips from the bush while lloyd stood guard by the back gate .
the area was overgrown with bushes and berries and it would be much more difficult to be spotted .
` ` i ' ve never been fond of berry bushes . ''
he dropped to his belly and crawled through the brush toward the lycan positioned between three heavy berry bushes .
karen lifted the wine to her nose , scented a little citrus and berry , and then let the wine hit her tongue .
` ` only if the lad can pluck a berry can he receive a kiss .
once the berries are gone ... well , no more kisses for him . ''
` ` it seems all the berries are gone , but one kiss is still allotted to the lad that catches the lass . ''
` ` give him some of those berries we found yesterday .
candi went to a basket hanging from the tree roots where she kept her cooking ingredients , locating a small palm canvas packet of the berries that they 'd been finding everywhere .
they all leaned over , watching the rat ignore the berries .
` ` now i do n't know if we can eat those stupid berries or not . ''
using berry juice or something .
* * * sarah heard jonathan 's mangled - sounding call , and immediately pulled back on the rubber band to send the berries off towards candi 's hiding place .
but the rubber band snapped , managing only to send the berries into a pile at her feet and put a welt on the back of her hand .
ruby wore a bright red dress and her best hat , little berries and a bird dangling off the side .
quin says , giving up on wrangling a floating berry off the surface of her drink with her tongue in favor of harassing me .
i popped it in my mouth , the berry blast of it sweetening my breath .
` ` this cake is very rich , so we do n't want it to overpower the ice cream and fresh berries .
now , scatter a good mix of berries around the top , like this , '' i demonstrated what i wanted .
the thin slice of dark chocolate cake was extremely rich , so the berries and ice cream lightened it to just the right taste .
i quickly cut eight thin slices of cake , placed the berries and mint sprig , sprinkled the cake with gold flakes and then scooped the gishi fruit ice cream onto the plates last of all .
` ` worth every bit of that , '' nedrizif had eaten his ice cream first and was only now eating the cake with the berries .
now , take your berry mixture here , '' we poured some of it out and folded dough over it , running the tool over the edges to seal the tart .
we 'd cooked a bit of the pastry in a shell and added the mousse , topping it with cream and fresh berries .
` ` it 's berries blended with ice cream , '' he said .
the concoction was pink from the berries and tasted like a dream .
fed me a berry .
it consisted of berries blended with fruit juice and was quite decent .
` ` here , this is berries , juice , protein and a vitamin mix .
jes had added a powdered vitamin mix to the protein and berries .
` ` reah , it 's protein and berries .
considering the gentry often made their cosmetics out of nuts and berries , neither possibility would have surprised me .
` ` you can start by placing mistletoe berries under their tongues .
remember - just one berry .
we went around and carefully placed a berry under each man 's tongue .
snaya laughed too and sang , ` ` fruit sweet for the plucking , ripen , berry , ripen . ''
there were tart yellow berries and husked purple globes that they had n't figured out how to open , having understandably been deprived of their blades .
` ` and blackthorn berries , '' he added , tipping out the contents of the dun bonnet , now stained inside with the rich red juice .
` ` there 's no currants , but the berries will do even better , and there 's enough butter , thank god . ''
i looked down and saw a layer of fallen rowan berries , gleaming red and black among the grass .
it had been the dead of winter , and the small grove of rowan trees outside the village stood bare , drifted with their own dead leaves , the dried red berries showing here and there on the ground like spots of blood .
i had n't eaten more than a handful of half - ripe berries in nearly two days .
she felt the warmth of his nearness , the warmth of his breath , smelling of beer and the juniper berries he chewed to clean his teeth .
i considered that one for a moment , my mouth puckering a bit from the astringent berries .
` ` i 'll have the crispy waffle with berries and devonshire cream , '' i told him .
i 'd never noticed the different berry notes in my shampoo .
i sit on the stoop with the boxes at my feet , killing time on the berry , and then instagram .
emmy placed some sliced berries on her plate , keeping her eyes down .
her lips were stained a dark berry color .
warm silken chocolate danced on my tongue and sweet droplets of juice from the berry mixed in an enticing way .
my teeth lightly grazed the flesh of the berry , just like braydon used to do to me .
one hand curled around my hip and the other removed the stem of the berry from my fingers .
her hair had fallen over her shoulders , covering her tits and hiding those pink nipples that tasted like berries .
her mouth was small and perfectly formed , lips painted berry black with soft blue highlights .
it glowed stronger for a moment , close to the dangerous crimson of dewshade berries .
he is out scrounging in the woods for some nuts and berries . ''
chapter 27 jackson tossed roots and berries on the ground next to tony .
tony picked up a handful of the red berries covered in dirt and wiped them clean .
' and possibly quite accessible , ' said berry .
asked berry .
said berry .
' leave us the buggy , ' said berry .
' one thing we can see straight off , ' said berry , ' is that whomever made the chamber , made this tunnel . '
' sure , peggy , ' said berry .
' yes , ' said berry .
' stop it , then , ' said berry .
' put it in reverse , ' said berry .
we have visual , ' said berry .
' go forward , ' said berry .
' stop , ' said berry .
' thank you , ' said berry .
' no , ' said berry .
chapter 101 hellicoyle and berry stared at the three dimensional holographic projection .
' just as i thought , ' said berry .
hellicoyle stood shoulder to shoulder with berry .
' we 'll let you know how we get on , ' said berry .
' after you , ' said berry .
' bring it back until we get the signal back and stop it , ' said berry .
' do n't say it , felix , ' said berry .
' in a rather generic way , ' said berry .
' this is mars , ' said a confused berry .
' carl , ' said berry .
' jump on the buggy , carl , ' said berry .
to hellicoyle and berry , forbes said , ' if you are up to it , we would like it if you two will head the investigation into all this .
bristled berry .
' why not the berry hellicoyle phenomenon ?
' feel , ' said berry .
' i agree , ' said berry .
' impressive , ' said berry .
chapter 117 ' commander potts , ' said berry .
' of course , ' said berry .
they followed the postracker log of berry 's movements .
' coming from the tunnel that leads to the dead guy , ' said berry .
hellicoyle shared a confused look with berry as the three dimensional projection showed both their positions miles higher than they would ever have imagined possible .
' downright weird , ' said berry .
once dillow had done that , telling them to meet up with berry at the mine entrance , he called berry to advise him and to let him know they would send the alien down the tunnel for him to be taken away to the medical centre .
once dillow had done that , telling them to meet up with berry at the mine entrance , he called berry to advise him and to let him know they would send the alien down the tunnel for him to be taken away to the medical centre .
' that 's what berry and i wondered .
' yes , berry , ' said dillow .
he just nodded , watching her enter the airlock of base three to join berry in the buggy .
* * * fawn dillow followed berry along the tunnel to the blackness .
she tugged on the line and berry pulled her back to the tunnel .
i m not certain what i would have done , the following night , had i not been found by madame esmerelda , an attendant to the duchess of berry .
over the prior week i had received a full education on berry picking .
the days activity , with only the trout and berries to eat , had left my body weary .
we feasted on the most marvellous mushrooms , tasty nuts and mouth - watering berries ; the fare of the forest was abundant and ripe for the picking .
we may be wise to eat heartily here for we may not get another meal apart perhaps from berries and roots for a while .
they were herded into the arena with the promise of food , only to find hungry whiptails who fed on them as the high - breeders fed on safic berries .
inside the bag , she had packed a skin of water , some fruit and berries , and a small portion of jerky .
there were no berries to eat nor hava root to dig up when a hunt went bad .
she ignored the sudden chill and focused on the rhythm of her work : brushing snow away from the stone slab , carefully snapping a long , thin splint of wood from the spearchuck and liberally smearing one end of it with mashed berries .
there were too few berries left to satisfy her hunger , but there was more than enough to use for bait .
the crust is flaky with a berry filling that is tart , warm and tastes better than it smells .
the sun made its way through the delicate trees onto the undergrowth of wild flowers and bushes of succulent berries .
it was a strange place , rumored to be the artifact of a university botany experiment gone wild , populated by every sort of tree and vine which together produced enough in the way of nuts and berries and roots and foliage to provide for all the residents ' basic needs .
it was still early in the morning , and they 'd been munching on some berries when the enormous stranger appeared .
she remembered nothing at all of that previous life , but she knew the forest world inside and out , knew every tree and every branch , every berry and every root .
chewing , she nodded and grunted in satisfaction , but the berries were all she planned on eating .
she also had little appetite , and hardly munched on the berries zed was now passing out for dessert .
after living so long on berries and roots , she was happy to have any new flavor sensations .
ortok was in merry mood ; lanes were decorated with bunting that hung from tree to tree and houses were adorned with garlands of berries and masses of tiny clusters of blossom .
wrench , far more cheerful now he d drunk a decent amount of berry wine , offered the bottle .
he reached out and took the bottle of berry wine from keiran , drinking down a mouthful as georgianna tucked the cigarette behind her ear and dug into her bag , pulling out her journal and a pencil .
keiran had brought berry wine and a bottle of adveni - brewed liquor that georgianna had given him to get them significantly merry , and taye had enough foinah leaf to last them until the early hours .
most days the madness of it all weighs on me so heavily i contemplate scouring the forest for berries my father warned me against , and filling my belly with them .
i was about to eat several berries when my sister called out to me in the distance .
the berries fell between my fingers and dropped to the ground below .
i pass a clustering of poisonous berry bushes and feel confident i have seen them before , on my hike to the lake .
there were flowers big as dinner plates and berries big as apples , and bugs you do nt even want to hear about .
more important , i was very interested in bake sales , and particularly in berry pies .
the knee high grass vied with patches of vivid colored wild flowers and berries , upon which fed an equally colorful host of creatures ranging from bees and butterflies to deer and elk , and to people of all descriptions , including humans , unicorns , pegasuses , fawns , centaurs , ogres , and giants .
i gathered wild berries just like you said , i washed them in the river , then i lay them on top of a layer of salt in my window when the sun set like you instructed .
i got many scratches in my hands and legs just to get those berries , and nothing happened ! ''
tell me ; were the berries still there when you woke up ? ''
he saw a patch of pink berries clinging to a creeper vine , picked one and licked it , then thought better of it and threw it away .
how do you think they d taste with some fresh tigo berries sprinkled on top ?
something heavy hit his back , then he saw a shower of many - colored berries and fruits , the remains of an uneaten buffet , tumble all around him .
she supplemented her diet with different varieties of berries that she had discovered along the way , but it was not enough to maintain her required caloric intake .
try it with the berry grapes .
the space chicken and michael rowland daffodil had a grand compilation of fruits : slices of oranges , apples and pears , some grapes and grapefruits , a lot of peaches , apricots and mangoes , melons of all different shapes , sizes and colours and the finest plums , cherries , berries and strawberries you can think of .
noting there were more here than he could eat at one sitting he located a juvenile water - lily tube , he filled it to the top being careful not the crush the berries inside of his work .
there was a long white marble table in the very center of the room covered with odd colored produce , strange and very different nuts , peculiar breads , berries and vases of strange drink .
broomstick headed for a grassy field to have his late lunch of tubers , roots , berries and green grasses as louis removed his shoes to rub his tired feet , he then waded into the small pond nearby .
molly lit a small fire by the lake bank and began to boil some water while tessie went off with louis to find some wild berries , nuts or wild potatoes to eat .
eating a few bites of dried lake trout and a few handfuls of berries , louis was satisfied and ready for sleep .
broomstick foraged about the area for an hour or so until had filled his belly with what untamed grasses and wild berries he could find .
however , many townspeople found that dooley did have a special weakness for fresh berry pie .
will there be berry pie too ?
oh , and there will be several berry pies involved also , i m told .
` ` berries , maybe ? ''
but if we do n't want to starve to death , we might look for berries that resemble the ones we know from our world . ''
then we 'll look for berries or leafy greens . ''
buck inspected the berries in his hand .
that way , if one of us gets sick , we 'll know which kind of berry to avoid . ''
we gathered a few more berries but our enthusiasm waned as we waited to see if we 'd topple over and die .
by the time the sun was almost touching the horizon , we 'd decided the berries were , indeed , similar to the ones in our world and were edible .
which left the rest of the pack , five large wolves of various shades of black and gray , to watch as we cooked dinner on the rock in the center of the fire , a stew of some kind of meat neither of us recognized , cattail roots as a substitute for potatoes , and berries instead of carrots .
` ` good thing there are berries nearby . ''
then buck and i set out to explore the nearby area and see what we could find to eat besides two kinds of berries and some cattail roots .
we went past the small field where we 'd found the berries before and gathered raspberries , dandelions and wild carrots in our shirts .
then we settled down to a day of playing with pups and eating wild berries .
buck and i nibbled berries and watched the sun cross the sky , debating whether the journey towards night truly took longer in otherworld or whether it just seemed that way .
the countless scarlet berries on all the trees around him warned of a long , harsh winter ahead .
the wine was made from the berries of the giant kelp plant and had a strong bitter flavor , but served its purpose well .
she s on the road , her face pale with just a tiny red streak , like she had smeared a berry over her pale skin .
i was hungry enough that when i passed by a bush stocked with orange and black berries , i actually stopped to pick a few .
as i chewed a hard piece of dried pear , i tried not to remember the sweet berry cobbler that our chef always made us in the summertime oh my god , i m torturing myself i muttered to nick as he walked beside me .
i was sitting down quietly , watching elijah as he tried to coax penny into eating some berries he had found .
we both stopped , looking over to see penny still refusing the berries that elijah was offering her .
even though the berry was very small , the silver metal of the tray around it seemed to fade in the shadow of its potent color .
don found these berries out in the woods .
but in their eyes , i saw a need to consume the berries that were being offered to them .
but if i ate that berry , i would forget all of that trepidation and anxiety .
internally , i was craving whatever psychedelic state was brought on by the berry .
her eyes were glowing with the same cerulean color of the juice that filled the red skins of those berries .
they had all allowed themselves to become high on a mysterious berry from the forest , simply so they could engage in conscience - free relaxation .
don says that while the juice from these berries flowed through his veins , he saw the one god .
i prayed that the effects of the berries would not take a dark turn for the worse .
i was reminded of the days at home on earth when the summer had finally faded away into fall ... a quick stab of horror pierced my already fallen heart when i saw don crush one of the berries on the table .
how many berries did you eat ?
not only did people continue to consume the berries one right after the other , they also began to drink whole bottles of the cheap liquor that had been scavenged from the ship on top of it .
believe it or not , the pangaean baker had gotten a kick out of that and said that he was fresh out of tyrannosaurus rex but would find some for her , before explaining that the pie was made of green berries from the forest that resembled lizard skin .
i m sure our forages for berries and roots and our hurried search for shelter will be most pivotal in determining their next course of militaristic action .
sleeping on the ground , eating roots , berries and what they scrounged off the land .
after eating roots , berries and the occasional twig , i ' m done .
i did not have time to talk to this berry .
the berry turned around and walked back to the crowd which was still hovering near the crime scene .
if caught , either by the mob or the berries , they could be shut down , burned , or the owner killed .
but i d have only gone to them if i was completely desperate , or wanted by the berries .
these are the guys who took out ozi when they thought he was snitching to the berries .
i do nt want someone getting suspicious of us and calling the berries .
the berries , the berries , is that all you re worried about ?
the berries , the berries , is that all you re worried about ?
the fire trucks were finally leaving , but by the looks of the berries , they d be here a while .
the berries and the gawking onlookers were gone , leaving the area as quiet as a cemetery .
a bowl of water and some berries are placed in a basket next to where i lay my head on a sturdy mound of dirt .
i eat a couple of the berries in the basket .
i eat more of the berries , then lay back down and think to myself , where am i ?
i remember the berries and nuts from even before that .
in the basket , it is filled with red berries and a card .
the same berries were in the same basket , they tasted the same .
hey , i see the ocean , melissa announced as they crested berry summit and started down towards the coast .
` ` i have assembled some wonderful berry pie for you and johnny in the lodge , dooley , '' he added , as he shook johnny 's hand .
the hikers were becoming too weary to even complain much , though dooley talked more and more about wanting berry pie .
much to dooley 's delight , his elizabeth soon mastered both the art of having trees grow smiley faces in their bark and the even more valuable art of baking berry pies .
he said with a chuckle , then leaned forward to pick up a bowl full of fresh fruits and berries and offered it to both girls .
ill have another urbin spirit with a berry spritz , lier made a quick order while debating if he should go on over and bother chiyenn .
if you invest your federation work compensation in iolar berries this year , you ll be able to buy a white tower of your own !
they did n't know how many deer were left , but already they had seen prints around the ripening berry bushes .
her lips were stained red perfectly with berry - colored lipstick , and her large green eyes were accentuated by dark ash around them .
am i going to teach you how to scavenge for berries and cook lizard berry pie out in the wilderness ?
they snacked on berries and fruit from the sack as they headed up .
black bear scat has berries in it , leaves , and maybe little bits of fur .
the salt sizzled on her tongue around the berry sweet .
we had enough water , and some nuts and berries were edible .
while i skinned the hog with sixteen - year - old dixan , gellica and nadalie prepared the nuts and berries collected during the morning forage .
anyway , we had plenty of nuts and berries , and we were leaving camp first thing tomorrow .
for one , we learnt what berries and nuts we could eat , and which ones to avoid .
one morning , when brucie accompanied her and nadalie to forage for nuts and berries , a ragged , male wolf caught their scent .
pecked to death by a raptor and poisoned by any number of toxic berries .
thetras stomach was growling loudly , for the last thing he had eaten were some berries at the island where they battled the aliens .
the foot of the thick trunk was occupied with many unique types of berries .
there were berries of all sortsblue , red , poisonous , nonpoisonous .
thetra picked up a blue berry and cut into it with a sharp pine needle .
the berries back in toage were all pink with a black core , but i have never seen a blue berry with a center the color of entara fur .
thetra dropped the berry , holding on to the thought he would find another .
in fact , in the part of the forest he was located at , the blue and black berries were scattered over the entire forest floor as far as thetra could see .
give me one of those berries !
arek picked one of the blue berries with the black core off a nearby tree , and thetra examined it .
thetra paused for three seconds , then dropped the berry into the fugitives mouth .
first he frowned at the food avon had prepared for breakfast ; fruit and berries .
lily likes me a lot , she said i should eat only wild berries and sleep on clouds .
my love has red lips red as berries red as maple leaves .
maybe her history in beaumaris had insisted she plant it in the back , or maybe shed rather the berries stay in her possession .
often , it tastes just as fresh as the berries picked right from annalises bush .
one tended the fire and the other was harvesting berries and fruit from a small orchard .
ill fetch the drink , said the hag picking the berries .
inside the clear jelly were fresh , sweet berries .
thought you were gon na pass some berries .
eating leaves and berries ?
right at his feet stood a row of small bushes with berries on them , and beyond them a steady flowing stream with smooth rounded rocks scattered throughout .
he picked berries off of the small bushes lining the forest as he went , stuffing some into his mouth and others into his lab coat pockets .
after a short distance following the stream bank , he turned back into the forest guarded by the berry bushes .
she stuffed the towel back into the side pouch , zipped it shut and moved along the bank , stopping in front of some berry bushes .
she replied , i filled the canteens , grabbed us some berries and picked a bunch of veggies for our soup ! ''
his mind was racing , and he had quickly forgotten all about the stream , the berry bushes , and the protective forest around him .
then he walked to the row of berry bushes lining the edge of the forest and took some to eat .
` ` oh , i see you got yourself some berries there , huh ?
alice giggled as she shoved a handful of the berries into her mouth .
alice walked over to the bag of berries , took a few out and answered , ` ` yes , i understand dad .
he had n't allowed himself to take in the beauty of this area in a while , the gently flowing clear water , the bright blue sky , lush green trees and the berry bushes lining either side .
he grabbed a handful of berries from the row of bushes along the tree line to eat on the journey back .
we drink the juice is tart , but flavorful like multiple kinds of berries and citrus at the same time and he lowers his mug .
he opens a jar and a berry scent falls onto my nose .
there was no special preparation or techniques used to cure the meats or to turn the berries into a sauce .
their stomachs will be aching , if i do nt stop the berry juice sucking .
i had been fortunate to find a small wild plum tree earlier in the morning , and gorged myself on the small , vibrantly red berries .
i lay the smoked fish , berries , and other supplies on the table within easy reach .
then i lean back to start picking through the berries while i wait .
there should still be some berries around here and a leaf or two of mint .
in a piece of cloth he 'd gathered a mixture of red and black berries , two fistfuls of mint leaves and what looked like ten or so twigs the length of his finger .
we 'll just require a few more berries and some apples tomorrow .
in the morning there was cooked rabbit , berries and hot mint tea waiting for her .
there 's a handful of purple berries in the pouch .
daphne mashed them into the soup and added extra salt to cover the sweetness of the berries .
it 's the berries .
he quickly gave the bird some more berries , then jumped in the saddle .
the moment that each jumped off the animal that carried them , they reached into the bag and fed them the same type of berry that the boy had used a few days earlier .
he fed the bird more berries , gave a loud screech and waved his hands twice high into the air .
they released the birds with a parting treat of blue gulf ball size berries .
they flew for hours , landing every hour or so to let the zors rest and treating them to some of the golf ball sized berries .
they will happily do anything we ask as long as we have berries to feed them .
they fed the zors the last of the berries , removed their saddles and equipment , then waved the birds off .
the next day they needed to gather more berries for the trip .
now we climb these trees and pick the berries !
she slid out on the branch and reached for a group of ripe berries .
they had just enough time to gather blue berries and needed equipment for the next days trip .
we have one that is human coconut flavored that we call the tropica treat , and another that is made with red and white hassa berries that we call a fruity face .
i like hassa berries .
since the ideas encroached the profit margin , the competing contributions were squashed like berries on a summer path .
she used her skin as a heightened sensory organ to help her scout through the scratchy spears and soft berries .
i remembered the phenomenon as a kid after a day of fishing or berry picking .
matt asked after finishing a meal of dried berries and flat bread .
would you like some dried berries ?
richard said in a soft voice as he brought dakota a handful of dried berries .
dakota nudged him with his head and then proceeded to eat the berries .
once the berries were gone , dakota went over to the river and got a drink .
shifters way was a veritable , three - dimensional jungle encased by a canopy of reddish - gold foliage , replete with lush hanging fern gardens , reefs of countless epiphytes , bushes bursting with blooms and ripe berries and thickets of creeping vines .
dangling their legs over the thin stem , they ate a simple meal of nuts , berries and a few slices of kuwani , a novel treat calivera was pleased to see steffor enjoy .
many a night we spent testing each others knowledge of the limbs rich biomes of mosses , giant lichens , fern stands , wild berry bushes .
up to that point , maseriah managed to scout out ideal campsites to conceal our presence : a stand of tall ferns , a grove of lichens or berry bushes sufficed .
the irony of it was that in some prefectures , it was rumoured the birds and animals ate better than the infs responsible for growing the self same berries , grains and seeds .
then he would have to find some of those funny - looking big red berries .
that would be the tricky part ; the red berries would be near the humans , and he did nt like the pointy things poking him .
not that danger bothered him ; it was nt like he was afraid or anything like that , but danger made him want to pee , and that reminded him of why he was still looking for the big red berries .
there were big red berries , lots of themwhich was goodright beside the smoking pile of logs that was making all the noise .
he needed those red berries .
need berries , umfarg said , pounding his chest .
red berries !
he was just about to the berries when the human leapt forward in greeting and swung the pointy thing at him .
it was a bit risky , but he managed it fairly well and tossed the pointy thing aside as he reached for the red berries .
* * * * * umfarg gleefully squashed the red berries , their juice drenching his body , drowning out the bad skunk pee smell .
the red berries smelled , too , but it was nt nearly as bad as skunk pee .
besides , the berry smell would wash off .
after all , they had already finished their greeting , and once he finished smearing the red berries on his body , he would be on his way .
umfarg , in pain , accepted the fatherly greeting and finished rubbing the rest of the berries onto his body .
additionally they harvest wild nuts , onions , and berries .
-wendell berry and as we drove by , i wondered how many more people knew of that writer and activist .
i took off my hat and filled it full of the berries , then pulled a handful of the red tubers .
` ` and yeah , i found some berries and some tubers , '' ` ` let 's see , '' he said .
i handed him the hat full of berries first .
` ` i ate some berries after i touched them , i think . ''
gatling took a deep breath and nodded , ` ` you 'll be okay , but these berries are n't fit to eat now .
` ` those berries looked good , '' jackson said , standing up and turning away from the fire , ` ` i ' m gon na go back and get some that wo n't kill us all . ''
` ` well , '' gatling said , ` ` i know that they sometimes coat berry bushes , patches of grass , carcasses and anything else that trespassers might eat , with poison .
the blue liquid slid down her throat with the pleasant taste of berries and bubble - gum .
you and me , we 'll live in the forest and hunt little animals and gather nuts and berries .
pulling berries off a vine .
there was a berry - bush nearby that was heavily laden with edible red fruits , and when he shook the tree just opposite his shelter it showered him with round yellow nuts that contained a tasty dark kernel .
living on berries and nuts was n't theremon 's idea of high style , but he could tolerate it for a few days .
a diet of leaves and berries really slims you down , does n't it ? ''
and the supply of berries and fruits was diminishing too , very rapidly , as the forest 's thousands of hungry new inhabitants picked it over .
` ` then try grass or leaves , and if they do n't want that , nuts or berries would probably do the trick . ''
i would n't have taken the meat only they would n't eat grass or leaves and we could n't find good nuts or berries and cook never lets me have anything or i would .
whatever else he had been eating in the place from which he had been taken - half - charred meat , wild berries , roots and insects , who knew what ? -milk was a safe bet to have been part of a child 's diet .
there might , of course , be more than one crease leading away from the copse , but he dimly made out some of the sprigs of berries he had seen coming in , which now looked almost black rather than bright red .
the villagers were all outside in the afternoon light , the women cleaning mushrooms and berries picked during the day , or cooking grubs and turtles on crackling fires ; children tottered around , bothering the men who sat before their houses and smoked tobacco while the women worked .
also we ate berries and grasses , the names of which i do not know .
he looked at his hands , now stained with gravy and berries as well as dirt from the day 's lessons .
there were berries among the rocks .
perhaps the animals were just eating berries .
west indian lilac berries were terribly bitter .
and when they do , they swallow berries as well .
eating some kind of berry . ''
` ` you think we can eat these berries ? ''
tim saw clusters of bright red berries on the branches .
` ` gera said that red berries were your favorite fruit . ''
it 's some kind of berry that grows on the sunward side of callisto , in the cracks of a certain kind of shale , one month out of the year .
legends there say that those who consume the berries speak only the truth until the next sunset . ''
they 'd eat the berries around the campfire and have a rather ... interesting night . ''
he remembered his mother leaning toward him , her face pied with that lovely various light , her hood thrown back so he could trace the curve of her neck with the eye of a child ( it 's all magic ) and the soul of a lover ; he remembered thinking how he would court her and win her from his father , if she would have him ; how they would marry and have children of their own and live forever in that fairy - tale kingdom called the all - a - glow ; and how she sang to him , how gabrielle deschain sang to her little boy with his big eyes looking solemnly up at her from his pillow and his face already stamped with the many swimming colors of his wandering life , singing a lilting nonsense song that went like this : baby - bunting , baby - dear , baby , bring your berries here .
` ` not that such stuff is bad for us , ordinarily ; it 's a natural sweet , like honey or berries .
suddenly justine does n't feel like picking berries anymore .
baby - bunting , baby - dear , baby , bring your berries here .
when we last saw this fellow , he was only ( baby - bunting baby - dear baby bring your berries here ) an infant .
there were bushes that probably supported berries in warm weather - perhaps even pokeberries - but now they were bare and clattering in the nearly constant wind .
may your dreams be sweet and merry , may you dream of fields and berries .
a little each day , a growing pattern of vines , leaves , and berries .
it was still immobile , its body like a glossy black berry hanging on a milky vine .
he had lived at the splendid courts of eleanor of aquitaine and the duc de berry .
the trs riches heures of jean , duke of berry .
` ` him and me played together when we were berries .
a smell , acrid and bitter , began to fill the air - an odor like boiling juniper berries .
it looked like a christmas bauble or a holly berry .
and a caveman outlines charlotte with a burnt stick on the wall of the temple cave , filling in the shape and the texture of her with earths and berry dyes .
i did not eat it : i hung it from the beams above my bed , placed it on a length of twine that i strung with rowan berries , orangered as a robin 's breast , and with bulbs of garlic .
she pulled off the rowan berries , one by one ; pulled off the garlic bulb - now a dried thing , after all these years ; then she took up her own , her pumping heart - a small thing , no larger than that of a nanny goat or a she - bear - as it brimmed and pumped its blood into her hand .
but this is a good thing , i believe , for i can keep going in the wild on nuts and berries that would not keep a bigger person from starving .
he strode after him , and when he came to the spot where tom had gone , he saw tom was hung in the berry vines .
along the way , he ate nuts and berries .
kate thought it was crushed berries at first , but then she realized what the leaves held : blood .
her yearling cub nosed a blackberry briar , but it was too early in the season for berries .
what with the wealth of the forest readily available - from various fruits and berries to roots and edible plants to abundant game and fish - there was little need to haul additional food .
the underbrush was a tangled mix of juniper bushes and berries .
the clear liquid tasted thick as honey , light as bubbles , rich as cream , tart as berries , and fresh as dew .
more fairies joined the group , bringing bracken nuts and berries and sips of water or honey cupped in fragrant leaves .
he asked , holding out a napkin piled with nuts and berries .
kendra chewed on a crunchy mouthful of nuts and berries .
berries from the garden and homemade raspberry preserves , lena said , placing a platter on the table containing toast , butter , a pitcher of milk , a bowl of sugar , and a bowl of jam .
the berries and raspberry preserves sweetened it to perfection .
she tasted honey and fruit and berries , all sweet beyond comparison .
` ` mistress wants berry cake . ''
trees left black leaves and rotting yellow berries on the steps .
if the berries had been edible , the steps would ' ve been clean .
the nimblytod were renowned for their natural cures , using roots , bark , and berries .
what had been forest became a kind of vale , a grassy basin dotted here and there with delightful groves of trees verged with thickets of lush berry - bushes , centering around deep , cold springs of water so clear that i could look down through ten feet of it at trout , which , all unafraid , looked up curiously at me as i knelt to drink .
the distant voice of prudence told me that my store of food would n't last forever , but it did n't really seem to diminish - perhaps because i glutted myself on berries and other strange fruits .
' certain leaves and berries and roots make them sooo happy .
pharmacology is an art - form in nyissa , and not all of the berries and leaves that grow in their jungles make people feel good .
there wo n't be a berry or a leaf left - not even the ones that sustain you .
the berries were out , although they were n't really ripe yet .
i rather like the tart taste of half - ripe berries anyway .
a bit of flattery was about all it took to unlock his secrets , and i learned a great deal about alleviating pain and suffering and how to control disease with various leaves , roots , and dried berries .
oddly , there were even some roots , berries , leaves , and twigs in the jungles of nyissa that were actually beneficial - under tightly controlled circumstances , of course .
they drifted on farther to the south and saw that the people of that area ate roots and berries and other forms of plant life as well as animal flesh .
their milk is very rich , and they teach their cubs - or children - how to find berries to eat , and how to swat fish out of mountain streams , and , when the cubs misbehave , the mama bear spanks them to make them mind their manners .
almost absently , he pulled the large bowl full of red berries he 'd brought home the previous evening in front of him and began to eat them one at a time .
the boy put the shiny black stone down on the table and ate more of the red berries .
nyissa abounds with roots and leaves and curious little berries with strange properties .
the nyissan who was carrying it found a certain berry patch along the way .
he enjoyed the berries very much .
i ate some berries , but there was nothing else . ''
he pushed away the berries , scarcely touched , and rose from the bench .
` ` my mother was godswife before me , and taught me all the songs and spells most pleasing to the great shepherd , and how to make the sacred smokes and ointments from leaf and root and berry .
once she was outside the city , she would find berries to pick , or orchards she might raid for apples and cherries .
there was black bread and honeycakes and oaten biscuits ; there were turnips and pease and beets , beans and squash and huge red onions ; there were baked apples and berry tarts and pears poached in strongwine .
raisins and nuts and dried berries , but no lemon , that was the rankest sort of southron heresy - which was queer , since he always took lemon in his morning beer .
one day there would be starks in winterfell again , he told himself , and then he 'd send for the liddles and pay them back a hundredfold for every nut and berry .
` ` dried berries .
the berries had all been picked , and half the bush had been hacked down to cut a path to the door .
there were still cows and sheep to be seen near the city ; apples on the trees and berries in the brush , stands of barleycorn and oats and winter wheat , wayns and oxcarts on the road .
` ` shall i send maddy down for berries and cream , or some warm bread and butter ? ''
` ` in the khalasar , they used berries like these to flavor roasts , '' she decided .
her belly rumbled , and dany found herself picking berries with both hands and tossing them into her mouth .
levana had managed to eat three - quarters of a pastry and five small berries when her bedroom door opened again .
with a giggle , she sat down on the edge of the bed and snatched a berry from the breakfast tray , popping it onto her tongue .
sitting up against her feathered pillows , the tray settled across her lap , levana dropped a berry onto her tongue .
levana grinned as she sucked the berry juice left on her finger , and was preparing to scoot over , to make room for him against the headboard , when he started to speak , his voice thick with misery .
the taste of sour berries .
the taming of fire was our first great leap : fire protected us , kept us warm , transformed our brains by changing our diets from nuts and berries to protein - rich meat .
she gets out bread and some orange fruit i ai n't never seen before and then some red - coloured drink that tastes of berries and sugar .
you take the berries and get that meat pounded into pemmican . ''
like fitzgerald , the bear had discovered the berry patch near the grand .
twice he happened upon berries , stopping each time to gorge himself , picking until his fingers were purple from the juice .
berries and roots might sustain him for a few days .
he had run out of jerky from the buffalo calf and found himself once again reliant upon roots and berries .
she no longer believed in the spirits of her pack , but she did believe in the red berries .
there was not a doubt in her mind that , if she prayed to the red berries , her prayers would be answered .
no , tir , i only want you to listen to mecan you see the red berries ?
the red berries winked back at him from their shade .
you can trust the red berries , tir .
tir did not want to trust the red berries .
and do not speak to the red berries .
should the black seed of a single berry touch your tongue , you will be killed .
if you ever find yourself so desperately in need of answers , do not turn to the red berries .
never find yourself desperate enough to turn to the yew berries , tir .
the smoke made promises where the rain did not ; the red berries offered solutions where the spirits could not .
but really , if you have any yew berries lying around , i could nerasa !
little red lights flashed before his eyes , and he thought of yew berries , of arwena in a clear and strong mood , telling him , never pray to the red berries , tir .
little red lights flashed before his eyes , and he thought of yew berries , of arwena in a clear and strong mood , telling him , never pray to the red berries , tir .
chamomile , yew palva looked down at the bundle of innocent - looking red berries which contained a horrible power .
she remembered nerasa , days ago , joking with her as she often did : but really , if you have any yew berries lying around palva had rebuked her then .
she stared at the yew berries , mesmerized .
these berries spoke the same as leronthe brutal language of survival .
oh , if only she couldpalva froze as her thoughts strayed back to the yew berries .
she nudged forward the shiny red berries with a trembling paw .
should the black seed of a single berry so much as touch your tongue , you will die .
tir shouted at xelind , who had just lowered his head to lick up the red berries .
his head was still inches away from the berries , which twinkled sinisterly on the ground .
he stared , amazed , as the white sentinel turned over one of the berries with his paw , the blood - red reflecting in his eyes .
still growling , she ground the yew berries into the dirt with her paw and walked away .
the blood in the snow beneath her mothers head seemed to blur before her eyes and before she knew it she was standing at the edge of her forest again , watching the bloody sunrise , blood on her paws and in her eyes and burning a red hole in the fields where it had been shedred yew berries tumbled from a dark tree in a shining river , a poison river , and she was racing across the dark fields through the screaming wind , tearing out the throat of the wolves who had killed sundew , and again blood spread crimson and warm over the groundshe shut her eyes .
xelinds belly was slit open wide , its contents spilled over the snow and matted in his furcrimson , like yew berries .
no one deserves this , she whispered , and rolled three red yew berries into the snow .
there was blood on her paws , the dark of crushed yew berries .
the blame for the bloodfire moon was shared by all , even palva the gatherer with her dark yew berries .
when those nosy teens are busy eating tart berries and stabbing each weak teen with home - made bite - nats flash blades , we start our trek to the colony of south beach watching the beating on the tv devises .
nothing out there but broken buildings overgrown with patches of wildflowers , batches of vine fruitstrawberries , blue berries , fallen apples , and tree limbs , dozens of hiding spots for snakes , squirrels , rabbits .
plants , berries , and vines are nt poisonous to your biological bodies , and can prevent foodif needed .
taffy carefully trots under the overstory 93 % crown canopy of the combination of maple tree branches and oak tree leafy foliage which beautifully interlock and block totally the bright hot sunshine then safety dumps her body into an open clearing of low thorny green shrub layers of wild berry fruit consisting of perfectly rounded blueberries , and pretty oval - shaped red and black raspberries which are used for sweet jams , jelly preserves , and other rich flavored food products on mamas buttered homemade biscuits .
she examines the empty wood platform , bleeding on the covered ground the color of light purple , narrowing her eyelashes , and leans her nose into the honeysuckle leaf , recalling that the berry leaves are nt purple , only mint green .
she realizes the berry leaves possess tiny bits of bite - nats , understanding mentally that the tube must have broken apart probably from the rush of bodies impacting together for the grand prize as she sees only about one percent fragment liquid of precious bite - nats tube glass , surveying with eyeballs a wider part of the honeysuckle field , displaying no wounded or dead body parts then sighs and breathes , deeply which means wolf and atoka must have successfully acquired a tube or two of bite - nats .
she returns to the paint , brushing back the berry leaves seeing the issue that the lilac bite - nats have been 99 % absorbed into the component of the vine including the honeysuckles flowers , red berries , green leaves , and clay red dirt .
taffy executively decides against the placement of bite - nat art work inside her calf muscles since her jeans are designed to protect her long legs that tuck into her cowgirl boots as she holds steady the dead yellowish single leave over the top of honeysuckle flower then cautiously taps without touching the painted flower , stem , and hanging berries , capturing tiny splatters of lilac .
i guess , honey the honeysuckle nectar has absorbed into your human skin like a floral perfume probably have to wear off like a berry stainin a couple of days .
the colonies stomp , tromp , and swarm over the green grass , red clay , berry bushes , pretty flowers , and the famous flat silver limestone rocks of south beach showing their eagerness coupled with anxiousness for the upcoming competition .
i slowly limp on a right boot , left naked foot then a right boot then a left naked foot until i reach the solid ten - feet natural coral rock wall , manicured green grass , low red berry bushes , seeing .
i close my eyelashes , smelling the familiar odors of planet earth , breathing the rich aroma of fresh dirt , wild flowers , fresh fruit berries , green pastures , assorted wildlife , and woodlands forests floating around me on resort .
i rapidly cram ten blue berries ( yeah , i counted ) into my parted lips , chewing unladylike then nosily swallow the great meal as i gently rub my tummy with both my palms and suddenly feel thirsty then i violently shake the tree limb with both hands and one boot toe .
peanuts , tree nuts , shellfish , fish , milk , egg , wheat , berries , she eye burns more blank pages inside her blank paper notebook .
there in front of me cooking on the fire was what looked to be rabbit , and there was a basket of fish , berries of some nature and a canteen of something lying next to them .
electra brought one of the chocolate strawberries to erics mouth , who eagerly bit into the berry .
there were bottles of champagne , wine , brandy , and cognac , as well as sherbet punch in a big bowl with pieces of lemon and berries floating on the surface .
so you consented to be carted around like a basket of berries ?
after you are finished , i need you to get me the frozen berries out of the freezer so that we can add them to our dessert , she requested in anticipation of a positive response .
she trusts me not to eat the berries .
is that really frozen berries in your mouth ? ''
she reached into his mouth with a scooped hand and attempted to grab out the berries , but with no success .
the berries were not only stuck together , they were frozen and attached to the sides of his mouth and his tongue .
piece by piece , the berries started to soften and come away with the help of ms helen .
she continued this until robert started spluttering because of the extra water and berries projecting from his mouth .
stacks of fluffy pancakes , bowls of fresh whipped cream , candied berries of all kinds and freshly squeezed orange juice decorated the table .
the reds of poppies and berries .
my garden of berry lilies has bloomed .
the servants flocked to the table filling my cup full of berry juice and placing a hot bowl of gooey pink porridge in front of me .
the potion was made to torture our kind , but like all drugs , it does nt take long for it to leave your system and with berry juice i found out it makes it leave quicker .
there were cut slices of bread on the table and a jar filled with berry sauce .
the season is too early for local berries .
add fresh berries , and a dash of fresh vanilla , and viola .
she walked around and found some raiy berries at a nearby brook .
she gathered the berries for a small breakfast , and then she refilled their canteens .
she placed the berries in front of him .
the berries were just starting to ripen .
in a few weeks , there would be an abundance of berries .
she ate some berries and some vegetables .
in the mountain valleys , he picked up dried berries and mountain herbs .
can i give you berries in trade ?
how are the berries this season ?
ribbons of threaded berries looped on the racks , drying out in preparation for trade .
kaelah made her way between the huts , the aroma of berries so strong her tongue could taste their mild , pleasant flavor .
muera was hanging a string of berries .
ooma sat on a ground mat , a basket of berries in her lap .
although her eyes were not young , she still strung berries swiftly and surely from many annums practice .
finished for the day , she carefully wound the thread around her berry needle and put it in the needle box .
i want to check my snares , but first ill get more berries for grandmother .
already , women were taking clay pots down to the stream to retrieve water , a group of men were strategizing a hunt , and hungry birds were being chased off berry racks by anybody who was nearby .
kaelah saw two children playing as she walked past and called to them , fawn , ralu , i m going to the berry bushes , want to come ?
the closest berry bushes had already been picked clean , so they were forced to hike farther .
besides , the fang snakes chase the berry eaters away .
this was where the berries grew best , near the water .
kaelah was elatedthe bushes in the area were heavy with berries .
as kaelah filled her baskets , fawn and ralu ate the berries they picked .
he was covered in berry juice from his face to his tummy .
with so many berries this season , kaelah wondered what her mother would trade for .
by the time the three were near home , kaelah had been carrying the berries a long time , and they were starting to feel heavy .
tether returned the basket of berries .
by the time kaelah arrived at home , ooma was already sitting on her mat with her threading needle and string , waiting for the berries .
as anxious as she was to check her snares , kaelah did nt want to give up the berries that shed discovered the day before .
armana had her own basket for berries .
fawn said there were lots of berries .
well keep coming as long as there re berries .
add to that the exceptional berry crop , and there was every reason to celebrate .
no one to pick berries .
the water splashed musically , and they arrived at the berries .
kaelah and armana picked berries while fawn and ralu danced off after a butterfly .
when kaelah returned home with her berries , she noticed that her mother was nt preparing a food bowl for sharing , which would be customary at a tribal circle .
ooma was stringing berries and did nt appear ill .
the man had sure hands , and the speed with which he set the traps reminded kaelah of her grandmothers speed at stringing berries .
oh , here are the berry bushes .
the berries had been thinned out somewhat , but it was still easy enough to find stragglers .
even the tender berries that she loved so much seemed to have lost their flavor .
your village will have a tribal circle tonight , raven said around a mouthful of berries .
she picked a berry , then spent some time inspecting it .
kaelah began removing the dried berries from their strings .
she neatly wound up the string for another use and put the small , hard , dried berries into leather bags ready for trade .
while the weather was good kaelah decided to do some home maintenance.to build their huts , the berry pickers started with a frame of flexible limbs woven together in the shape of an inverted bowl .
_ _ _ kaelah had spent the first part of the day picking berries with armana .
muera hurriedly began placing skins over the drying berries .
he looked at her fingers and saw the purple stains of berry picking .
you ve been picking berries .
she gave him a leather bag of berries .
eating the berries one at a time , he said , i do nt know much about you .
he ate the last of the berries .
i should get back and help with the berries , kaelah whispered .
she used a sharp stick and berry juice to draw pictures of animal gods on them , for good luck on the journey .
i brought some berries , kaelah said , offering a bag .
he speared a berry , dunked it in the honey , and handed it to kaelah .
they ate the berries and blissful honey .
_ _ _ kaelah headed toward the berry patch with fawn and ralu .
kaelah held a branch back for tether , and they came upon several heavily laden berry bushes .
_ _ _ there were still berries , but since kaelah was unable to pick them , armana and tether picked berries , and ooma strung them for trade .
_ _ _ there were still berries , but since kaelah was unable to pick them , armana and tether picked berries , and ooma strung them for trade .
she sat on her mat as she strung the berries , not so fast anymore .
halfheartedly , ooma picked up her needle and resumed stringing berries .
raven decided he did not like the berry pickers .
muera darted into the hut and ooma , who had been stringing berries , followed as quickly as she could .
she followed the path to the berry bushes .
as he moved among the berry pickers , trading and bartering , he had kaelah by his side .
yes , too much water , there wo nt be a berry crop this season .
unsure why their forefathers had abandoned the cave , superstition kept the current berry pickers away , but now it seemed to be the only safe and dry place available to them .
after the berry pickers settled their sleeping mats into family units , some stood at the mouth of the cave , wondering how much longer the rain would continue , while others sat in small groups and spoke in soft voices , lamenting the loss of the berry season .
after the berry pickers settled their sleeping mats into family units , some stood at the mouth of the cave , wondering how much longer the rain would continue , while others sat in small groups and spoke in soft voices , lamenting the loss of the berry season .
by the time marook had returned with his sled , kaelah had accumulated a pile that included jars of dried berries from last annum , finished spear and arrowheads , hair ornaments and trinkets , a good stock of leather , some fine twine , fishhooks , needles , salt , and a pot of honey .
before they left the village , marook and kaelah made a small fire in the tribal lodge , where they burned some blessing herbs and thanked the berry pickers for their gifts .
their swift , sure movements reminded kaelah of her grandmothers hands when stringing berries .
will any other tribe pick the berries ?
would some other tribe take over the berry picker territory , or would they be wary of the bad aura , and sense the restless spirits who had died so recently ?
the brumal lodge was very similar to that of the berry pickers ; the stage up front was centered between drums on one side and a small fire ring on the other .
the old ones with weak legs would string berries and chase birds away from the drying racks .
tevita wondered if the berry picker was going to be foolish enough to gift someone .
she smirked , i guess our little berry picker wants tip to bid on her .
she felt homesick and wondered how the berries would be next annum .
no matter what that little berry picker did , the other villagers liked her .
i used to stay many days with the berry pickers before i came here to brumal .
it took some many days , but between building a small hut , picking berries , and snaring rabbits , she found her grandmother : a lone pine , as tall as herself .
are you picking berries ?
ill trade your time for berries .
i thought you wanted dry berries .
and lets collect some berries , too .
late the next morning , they started out to gather berries and say farewell to ooma .
we could pick berries again .
and a successful hunting and berry season promised good fortune ahead .
i grew a blackberry bush and was eating berries impressed with myself .
i sang christmas songs in my head while i popped several more berries into my mouth .
red berries with holes in them like black olives dotted the green fingers of the branch .
the passionate purple of the berries began to throb like a heartbeat hurzjh ... faadaw ... oh ...
from his bundle of belongings , he took a small wooden bowl and pounded the berries he had collected into a mush .
he set bird snares and gathered a small supply of roots , berries , and fruit , hanging them away from predators on low tree boughs back at his new camp .
after a simple meal of berries and fruit , he crawled into his bivouac and collapsed as darkness fell .
wavecrafting , windcalling as soon as kreh - ursh awokemist surrounding him , a silver screen on which gray trunks were projected like stone columns in an ancient templehe sipped a few drops of his mothers potion and swallowed some berries to renew his energy .
he rubbed juice from the acidic aank berries into the wet grain to soften the fibers further , gain more working time , so he could stretch the planks exactly how he wanted .
he seemed to sense her as she watched him harvest the sedative berries .
i was ministering to richie , whose face and shirt were a bloody mess , while benjy lie prostrate across a prickly hedge loaded with inedible red berries .
some of the homeowners , like mrs . mazzilli , maintain flower and vegetable gardens beyond the concrete , including a couple of impressive ones with herbs , fig trees , and vines loaded with berries , grapes , and string beans .
harlow had spotted a nearby fruit bush full of edible berries that she 'd gathered as their food for the night .
enders asked , munching on a berry he held in his palm .
harlow munched on berries that she held in her hand as she laid back on the grass , looking up at the sky , the fire 's light illuminating the air around her .
he ate the berries with knitted eyebrows .
enders nodded , ` ` no , '' he said , pausing to chew a berry .
enders popped another berry into his mouth .
silence fell as they ate their berries and listened to the world around them .
harlow popped a few more berries into her mouth .
harlow chuckled , a sad smile on her lips as she looked at the berries in her palm .
she sighed , taking a few berries and throwing them into her mouth .
harlow finished , popping a few more berries into her mouth .
her plate was piled with eggs , bread , and berries .
i blushed the color of currant berries .
the axe kisses a blue berry fruit bush , instead of me while not stopping and then whacking the top three branches off the stem .
i threw a handful of greenery and twigs with berries still on them as an offering to the fire in remembrance to rosie .
what s this berry thing ?
then i chose a couple of herbal teas from the cupboard , chamomile and very berry , and dunked them in hot water until i d strained the juice .
it contained the pathetic whole of her possessions : a blanket , two woven baskets , a small pile of berries , and a rusty old locket .
at first i thought it was the juice from the berries , but there the liquid was far too thick , far too metallic .
somehow , sleeping in the wild and eating berries , fish , and rabbits was a lot more intriguing in a catalogue than in actual life .
well , we caught fish and rabbits and found berries and plants that we could eat .
he slides me a handful of strange nuts and berries , here , eat these .
the berries are bitter and the nuts rather tasteless but i manage to choke them down and feel better afterward .
for dinner , we eat a few more of the berries that flynn scavenged .
we eat the last of the berries for breakfast , but flynn assures me that he will be able to find more along the way .
it will be nice to eat something other than wild berries and nuts .
he asks , if i know flynn , he s probably has had you eating those disgusting berries he likes to call food .
flynn glares at him good naturedly , if i remember right , those disgusting berries have kept you alive on more than one occasion .
he would just live out the rest of his days on earth sleeping under the stars , bathing in the sea , fishing and pulling berries off the trees .
in the forest they rested a short while , ate some berries , and sipped the sap from a sipasap tree .
he reached up to pick a huge berry , but alden stopped him .
i do nt know if the berries are safe to eat .
he reached up and started wrestling a giant berry loose .
as andy took another mammoth bite of berry , he watched a tentacle wrap around aldens foot .
he closed his eyes caught to the sudden marinade of delicate garden scents traveling the dewed wingtips of robins ; berries mixed with perfumes of lilac and spring roses welcoming new morn .
the chessman stood crooked , smiling by the reminder of one day early his seventh august when he and his three siblings sat around the dining room table choosing from a sears catalogue ; september being the start of school and end of berry bushes .
fato kept complaining about the food of berries and old bread , but oaka silenced him by asking whether fato wanted to give him the only rat fato had caught .
basha stared at the strange delicacies , which included roasted pig , strange fruits from the famous rainforests of kiwata , squid from the southern black sea and chincock berries that could be picked from the cacti of the za dessert .
to my talented brother , thaddeus , my cousin , reiley , and my father , berry , who offered their time and resources to help me design , create , and promote the first edition .
he tracked the old mans departure and wondered ifwere he to lean just a little farther from the sillhe might not smell the late berries of the elder trees , as he had in the summers of his early childhood .
they raised her on milk thistle and bush berries , and she grew to be the sweetest girl in the entire kingdom .
amid the green trees stood cherry - colored ones , frilled with pink leaves , along with many berry bushes , all scattered throughout the charmed woods .
dagdrons father woke him up early the next morning , having already picked a bundle of berries for breakfast .
they bolted down the berries , and then started up the trail .
by the time they left the sweet store , everyone 's bags were plump with sugar - fruit drops , berry buds , taffy & toffee brother 's chews , caramel apples , and every type of truffle imaginable .
a saying is a flower , a proverb is a berry : only one is chewed over . ''
pickled beets , carrots and mixed berry smells permeated the air .
are there some berry or fruit trees around here ?
chapter 19 alistair after he cleared the pizza from the table , alistair replaced it with a spread of fruits , berries , bread , and the most wonderful stew daniel had ever tasted ( though it included more vegetables than he cared for ) .
there was a small loaf of bread and a cluster of berries .
poisoned berries ?
the berries actually made his throat feel better .
there were fruit spreads and cakes , a berry cobbler , and a tray of different nuts .
you ca nt bring a sample of our berries to give that person , or a pocketful of the pebbles you found in the stream .
the boy , once again , had eaten the berries and bread .
joshua was tired of being ordered around by these creepshaving to eat their stupid berries , being forced to sleep on a hard floor , being taking hostage without even knowing why .
it was nt like he d been leaving a trail of berries or anything .
he emptied the bag and out dropped a handful of nuts and berries .
whoever lived here did not sleep on an iron grate or eat berry bags for food .
meruzilak threw the empty bag of berries on the ground and turned to face joshua .
merely breathing their exhalations and eating their cultivated eflic berries and turblaroots will slowly , slowly prolong my life .
she worked at grinding the juniper berries that she used for tea and venison marinade .
caris packed her berries away , and then filled a bowl with grass seeds and water to soak overnight .
he had acquired the boots from a berry picker who had traded in brumal for them .
astrid pulled out the purple - black berries and doled them out to the children as a treat .
some have berries that are good to eat .
there was no way to know which direction shed gone or even if shed stayed along the fjord or gone up onto the slopes where there might be a few early or leftover berries to pick .
there are some berries that should be ripening up the slope .
she started picking berries , tearing them from the bush stems and all , paying no attention to the thorns that tore her fingers .
astrid turned slightly so that the side of her face that still stung from helgas slap was away from him and bent her head over the berries .
the berry bushes make me sneeze .
torolf took one of her pails and started to pick berries .
they went back to picking berries .
they piped with excitement at this unexpected treat and immediately began gobbling up fallen berries .
out of habit , neb checked to make certain the heavy nets slung over the sweet - berry bushes and apple trees were securely raised on their props .
staring closer , neb realised they were holly trees and wondered why they still had berries at this time of year .
instead , he d laid out a checkered quilt with a full spread of sparkling cider and mini - tarts slathered with all kinds of berries and drizzled with chocolate .
and a blue berry muffin . ''
the stallion stands , sniffing the cloth then smells the blue berries .
i give me the berries while he chomps then i place silk around his ears covering his eyes from the fire and action , leading to the first horse .
now , mordred , she whispered , go and fetch me twelve lantana berries and a handful of nightshade .
what if she did nt need the lantana berries or the nightshade after all what if she had lied ?
the rest of us will stay here and a strong pulse swept across the warehouse , the sweet scent of berries filling the air .
her sweet berry scent stifled as she whipped around with me .
haruki picked out the chocolate and peanut butter ; nisha would only eat the licorice and peppermint , and i got the rest vanilla , various sours , a dozen different berries absent straw .
i could nt think of one situation where i might be stranded in the wilderness and have to depend on fresh fish and berries to survive .
do nt blame berry !
i was trying to find berry actively looking around , but she was nt there .
secondly , i called her berry and she said that only parents addressed her like that .
i did not have a shade of a doubt that berry would nt accept it , however , i was not going to let him get away with this impudence .
actually , this goal was set not by berry herself , but by sean .
because of this , he brought berry to the clinic where she was supposed , in his opinion , to understand just how badly the social networking had been affecting her .
samantha did nt chastise berry , did not lecture her .
no , guys , i need to catch alberta , she will be here soon , i too wanted would not mind trying boomerang in practice , but more than that i longed to be able to see berry in the lobby before she would disappear in samanthas office .
beautiful face , charming eyes , magnificent lips , which was slightly stretched in smile , chocolate shade skin , black curls , disobediently bouncing up and back on her gentle shoulders with each her movement i fell in love with berry every time when i saw her and that time did nt became an exception .
the song your love is king , from sades album diamond life , i responded , and then headed for the exit to meet berry .
clutching berry with my left hand , i began leading her inside .
he addressed berry .
i revealed her with the beam of light , showing berry that everything was under control .
i illuminated the way , leading berry through the room up to the second level .
i smiled and kissed berry on the cheek .
tall and strong guys usually acted played the horses and the short and skinny guys were the equestrians , i explained , sharing with berry my story from school .
i put berry on the ground and turned towards her .
sam , with all respect , it seems that you overestimate both my influence on berry and her necessity of consultation for her so - called dependence on social networking problem , which , keeping her in mind , seems like total nonsense !
it was enough time for my plan to visit one special place with berry , so i smiled .
now i got only one target for hacking left and that s your heart berry smiled .
i said and embraced berry as she fed flipper .
up until the moment when her parents prohibited me to date her ( when they found out about my hacker and criminal past ) , i had visited berry at her home several times .
he introduced himself , all the while looking at berry and then he addressed me .
squeezing through the crowd of excited people , and plugging into the atmosphere of carefree fun more and more with every second , berry unexpectedly stopped .
so he was confident that i would be his ally , but i take that stance with berry .
i did , however , decide to share that story with berry at a more appropriate moment and quickly invented a reason to leave her question unanswered .
i echoed , catching sight of berry , and we both followed him .
with the sunrise , i took berry home when i had to say goodbye , although i really badly did nt want to .
i heard the joyful voice of berry when i picked up the phone .
i looked around , trying to find berry among the gracefully dressed ladies and their gentlemen in tuxedoes .
a bit later , i finally saw berry and her parents nearby .
i did nt expect any other reaction from berry .
first , berry and laura , offering their apologies , left the table .
and sean repeated ryans words when he spoke to me not in order to convince berry , as i had thought , or me , but rather in order to convince himself .
i ordered berry .
i whispered , pulling berry inside one of the stalls .
i stopped and took berry in my arms and lifted her from the bike , which fell to the ground without my support .
so lets go get our rings right now then , i asserted , taking the bike and leading berry towards the brightly lit window , which was covered with various tattoo posters .
it did nt matter how unoriginal it sounded , it was the only phrase that i wanted to say to characterize berry and that would explain to her how i loved her .
do nt be late with berry at the city clerks office !
ill try to get a hold of berry .
i forget the bushes house a set of nasty with pointy thorns after my finger attacked the juicy berries .
blue berries are not poisonous , laying out my sleeping bag , sitting on top , shaking my curls .
three horizontal rows of raccoons , each one carry a piece of fruit including an assortment of berries , apples , pears , and peaches .
we walk along the plain sidewalk , rows of pretty flowers , short bushes of black , red , and blue berries while the birds dance in the sky .
on the side were a variety of berries , which had been dusted in icing sugar , and arranged in a flower shape .
i remembered back to basic training , and how the trainer had talked about berry antidotes .
i wondered aloud , trying to recall the trainers words about healing berries .
i scanned the forest floor , but saw no such berries , nor were there any in the shrubs or small trees around me .
where would the berries be ?
the berries , felix , where ?
keeping my eyes on the bunch of berries i crawled along the branch that they hung from .
i quickly swung myself down from the branch , falling with an ungraceful thump to the ground , and picked up the berries , carrying them over to felix .
i crushed a few of the berries and pried felixs mouth open , tipping the powder down his throat and following it with some water from the stream .
he began to splutter as the water hit the back of his throat , but he managed to swallow most of the berries .
i sat by his limp body , stroking his arm and praying that the berries would kick in soon .
we got ta get you some of the berries .
i groaned , the berries did nt cure it at all .
lets try the berries again ?
i gathered the rest of the berries and wrapped them up in flax to keep them safe .
i was going to have to give him more berries .
i opened his mouth and jammed a whole berry down his throat .
seconds later he sat up and i sighed with relief before chewing a berry myself .
but the berries are working for less and less time .
we were nt even close to solving it , and soon the berries would be ineffective , so it was nt worth retrieving any more from the treetops .
think back to basic training , ave . what did the trainer say about poisoning other than the berry antidote ?
the black is liquid berry sulfur , which is a complicated process to explain to a close - minded person .
they weaken the potency of the black coloring from the berry sulfur , and change it to a lighter tint .
he was hideously tall , and his skin was blacker than the berry sulfur .
i ran back up the ten flights of stairs with the eb berry , now entitled raspberry .
the inevitable news of a scouting mission gone wrong , a new threat discovered lurking at their borders , another wish rumored to be used for the further decimation of obsidian ... it was only a matter of days before their ambitions were crushed like the berries they hovered laboriously over to make their morning coffee .
like they had done with him when he had turned five , his parents had taken her off of the mountaintop and into the world , to see how there were different kinds of plants and berries and landscapes , far more exotic and lavish than anything they could witness in quinn , with its rocky terrain and high altitude .
by the time marco served the dessert , a millefoglie with wild berries and cream , i was in awe of his culinary skills .
i went to the grocery store and bought boxes of vegetables and super fruits : kale , spinach , avocados , tomatoes , blue berries , red peppers .
at this thought , the water changed , turning soapy and emitting a fragrant berry aroma .
they re native sarsaparilla , one of the few wild berries i know are safe to eat .
we eat the rest of the berries , then start to walk through the forest towards the escarpment .
we eat the berries and slurp water from a puddle .
so now we ve got fish and sarsaparilla berries and duck eggs and banksia flower nectar .
were getting into a routinefishing at the creek , looking for berries and banksia flowers , hunting for duck eggs , collecting oysters from the rocks .
also , we keep finding small piles of sarsaparilla berries .
we eat the berries anyway .
he puts them on the ground , steps back and points to us and the berries .
we eat some of the berries and kaya smiles .
each woman puts some food down in front of us , on large leaves ; berries and seeds and strips of dried meat .
as well as the nuts and berries there are fish , and tubers that look like potatoes , burnt on the outside but white inside .
those piles of berries ?
she smiles again , takes some berries from her bag and holds them out .
we return to camp with baskets full of berries and seeds and duck eggs .
occasionally , they entered a clearing filled with warm sunshine where butterflies flitted among the wild berry bushes .
this is where the bears spend their winters hibernating , matt explained , during the summer months , they feed on nuts , berries , fish , plants , and sometimes small animals .
the kids soon found items on their lists such as acorns , pine cones , and wild berries .
its berries and leaves helped nourish its roots .
it 's mostly nuts and dried berries .
there were heaps of berries , fruits , and vegetables , alongside bowls of shelled nuts and grains .
i had nt realized how hungry i was until i d entered the hall , but even that paled in comparison to the overwhelming joy of eating the fruit , berries , roots , nuts and tubers that had been chopped up and stuffed into the bowl until it was almost overflowing .
iteilyn led us to the same one we d eaten in since our arrival our large bowls of roots , berries , nuts , and fruit were all full and waiting , the honey drizzled over them shining in the silvery light that came from the glowing stone set in the ceiling of the chamber .
every eye turned away from tristan and myself and focused on the boy who had nt looked up at either of us ; unperturbed , he continued to eat from his bowl , cracking his way through a final few handfuls of nuts and berries .
he finished the last berry and finally looked up , but not at tristan : at me .
it was the same as every other day roots and leaves , berries and fruit , honey and nuts .
aiilyn kept us scrubbing floors until we were used to it then she had us carrying bales of roots up from the deep caverns into the refectory , a chore that left my back a mass of tortured muscle then she had us in the field , pulling rocks from the ground and tossing them into the forest then she had us in the highest branches of the bower picking berries from huge thorny brambles that grew all throughout the leaves of the tree , giving us several dozen prickle wounds each to add to our growing inventory of ailments .
he spotted the berries , and more importantly the leaves , just as the sun was setting .
panca berries , or something like that , he was nt entirely sure what his mother used to call them , but he remembered what they were for and how effective they were .
he slung the rifle over his shoulder and gathered as many of the leaves and berries and he could carry , stuffing them into his pockets , ignoring the few that burst and stained the fabric as well as his legs .
carl asked , momentarily distracted from his need to get the berries to ben .
its just that i found some panca berries back there in the forest , carl said .
no , this time ben was pretty much on his own , and no amount of panca berries would do much to change that .
he started a small fire on the stove and set a pot of water to boil while he removed the leaves and berries from his pockets .
as the water began to boil on the stove , carl placed a handful of leaves into a cup and then squeezed the contents of five or six berries onto them .
his mother had told him that it was something in the leaves that held the medicine , but the berries were needed to make it work .
he did nt entirely understand that , but people had been using panca berries for hundreds of years , so who was he to argue .
* * * summer 2066 the first time i saw liam was in a berry stand on the way to uncle todys farm .
i ventured into the forest , searching for some berries i had tested out a few days ago .
i had some pine nuts , some dandelions , and the purple berries .
she asked , nonchalantly , before nibbling the berry she had pulled from her pastry .
you re eating corpse berries to deal with the pain for breaking the oath , but the berries are poisonous .
you re eating corpse berries to deal with the pain for breaking the oath , but the berries are poisonous .
my spells work better than the berries .
your body is trying to rid itself of the berries .
shark shoved another handful of the dull red berries into his mouth .
she mumbled , fire in my heart , in my words , unleashes this curse ; while my sister burns , your suffering will be worse shark forced a bunch of berries into her mouth and gagged her with rags .
gradually , the poisonous berries slowed her breathing , her thoughts .
the fabric that bound her jaws seemed to have loosened , and she spat out the foul rag and pulped corpse berries that shark had jammed into her mouth .
large bunches of small yellow berries peaked out around the leaves .
joyah started spotting little patches of blue berries .
he decided to pick berries for dessert after his breakfast .
there were wild berries and herbs and roots in the forest .
they would lead her to water , or to the patches of black and red berries dotting the foothills .
i was kind of like a rachel berry .
chapter 3 kino amark i walked all the way to the akean trading market carrying with me a basket full of wild berries .
i counted the wild berries in my basket before i handed them to a dark - skinned man , who looked old enough to be my grandfather .
i did nt like it that they show off what they can do to me just because they can it makes the tag unborn stick like a fruit fly dancing around a rotten berry .
he took two chewy berries dipped in thick cocoa , and i licked my lips in anticipation thinking that he will give me the other one .
we sit down upon the rock , warmed by the sun , i did nt much like the sound of hunting deer but i m not stupid enough to expect everyone to live on berries and tofu .
jez woke from his nightmare to the smell of cooking , beside him cooper was already awake , stirring something in the pot over the fire , porridge with kailch berries ?
warm kailch , here it will stave off the cold whilst we sleep , you should eat , i have crancakes and berries .
i watch her undo the pack and unravel two blankets , she takes one and places it around my shoulders as i nibble on a berry .
so many you would think you were out in the middle of a berry patch on the wallpaper , the placemats , the appliance covers practically on anything standing still .
the edges had been tied into hundreds of knots decorated with dried berries .
i could fish and pick berries .
she stands again and walks over to windowsill to pick up the bowl of dried berries we ve been storing since autumn .
i go over to the table and sit by aden , who s eating dried berries and reading one of the letters rhoda packed in her burlap sack the night before .
one had long hair , the others was cropped short like halle berrys , only she could nt carry it off like halle berry .
lumjum cakes with berries , and goat milk , of course .
we would make up situations for each other , like , you have nt eaten in two days , you just found a patch of berries , and there s a hungry bear between you and them .
the best ice cream place in pemota was called melanies and rey ordered a cup of berries and more ice cream which was filled with chocolate chunks and real berries .
the best ice cream place in pemota was called melanies and rey ordered a cup of berries and more ice cream which was filled with chocolate chunks and real berries .
reys cup of berries and more had melted into a fruit and milk soup .
jeff pitched his cup in the bin on the way out the door , throwing his right hand back to slap berry on the shoulder for the last time .
` ` we were just down by the river picking berries ! ''
now the man is seated at the desk , poring over old manuscripts and scrolls , flicking the pages , unwinding more of a roll , making notes with a sharpened feather regularly dipped in an ink of berries and eggs .
some bushes were burgeoning into the succulent berries they would tempt the gathering birds with .
the women who were nt sweating over the roasting cooking fires were dressing everything they could in boughs burgeoning with blossom or berries , adding bright flowers from the fields to their decorations .
she did nt know anyone on any of the long tables that had been set out in the hall , laden with all manner of meats , vegetables , berries and fruits .
prytani sensed that she was becoming drowsy , causing her to briefly suspect that nechtan might have slipped a dose of the serpent potion into the fruit and berry drinks she had limited herself to .
now it was cold , shed also had to steal a hooded cloak , dying it with crushed red berries to alter its appearance .
outside , i saw a herd of police cars and fire trucks , cherries and berries blazing .
looking to my left , in doubt , in fear , i witnessed a military car approaching , with cherries and berries blazing .
jtan removed a pouch of water and one of berries from his horse , and jogged across to the fallen pharaoh .
i put on some berry pink lipstick and gloss , pink blush and light green eye shadow with tons of mascara .
the moment hung , still , like the berry above .
the frightening looking animals had an incredible sense of smell and could always be counted on to find the best berry patches , cool mushroom hollows or ripe nut trees .
we have n't stolen their berry bushes .
they whiled away hours , just walking or fishing , or picking wild berries , which smelled so lovely and were so sweet .
kira decided she would go for a little walk in the woods , and pick some berries in the forest clearings .
he is nt fond of walking in the forest and picking berries anyway .
the berries were so ripe and sweet that she feasted on them , nearly forgetting about breakfast , and had to rush back .
she only ate greens and berries .
missy is sound asleep , small red lips parted , laying across my lap in bed ... her hair smells like berries , the smell wafts upwards ( love it !
maybe we can go up to andrews scenic acres and pick some berries .
i m in the mood for making strawberry rhubarb pies or maybe mixed berry pies if the blueberries and raspberries are out too .
there are berries to pick .
henry 's sister had made blue berry pancakes .
i wonder how they survived gathering roots and berries , and hunting mule deer , and other animals .
he had work to do at the paper , but he d generously strayed from his usual diet of roots and berries and stocked the fridge with an approximation of actual , human food : free range chicken dogs and home grown tater tots , with an overwhelming supply of organic veggies to round things out .
the juice of a local berry is added to the dry powdered root and heated until it solidifies .
if some high - ranking official within the tribe was authorised to be treated with the root powder and berry juice compound , and was then close enough to a lightning bolt to receive even a mild but non - fatal shock , a very strange effect was conferred to them .
the berry constituent showed analytical similarity to gooseberries - however the pantothenic acid content was many times higher .
and inside , all the food i could eat : bananas and aa berries and avocados and coconuts .
` ` ahh , '' lyman said , ` ` the bouquet has an aroma of berries and currants .
` ` berries , '' he murmured .
lydia placed two red tapers in the holders on either side and put a candle ring with holly and red berries and lots of greenery around the whole centerpiece .
i was talking to a few botanists while imprisoned , and they recommended a mixture of berries , saskatoons , pears , hard kiwis , artichoke , various onions .
and for all of their liaisons , tally had lay - lo dress up in full regalia j - lo , halle berry , beyonce , a different fantasy every time so that tally could hide away from the fact that he was having a gay relationship .
he looked good , brown as a berry in his black tee shirt , jeans and loafers .
to add to its addictive taste , the chef also added a touch of cinnamon , juniper berries and pepper .
well , make tea on rowan berries and you 'll be less stressed .
dessert was shortcake with mixed berries and cream , and was waiting for everyone on the sideboard .
shit the fuckin bed , berry gasps .
whenever a teacher blew a gasket , wedge was somewhere in view - pulling spastic faces or making fart noises with his armpit , drowning berry in spasms of his own laughter .
ah , berry breathes out , seeing the future .
for berry , there s a fraction of clarity , the final nanosecond of life you get after a shotgun has been discharged in your face .
wedge gasps a blast of the magic gas as berry pushes the canister down and the medicine squirts out .
brian kp kelly had decided to copy berry and wedges early leap over the school wall , simply rising from his desk and leaving the retard class when he d seen the top of wedges oversized cranium pass by his window .
weird fuckin freaks , berry smiles , shaking his head .
kp reaches the path , bends down and picks up a stone and throws it at berry - it clatters around behind him in the subway .
listen to fuckin elvis , berry snorts .
miserable cunt , berry mutters .
she looks at berry as if he s buying a bra .
ha heh heh , berry snorts .
aye , righto , berry snorts .
aye , for baccy , berry replies , lifting a finger .
the little nazi looks up from his pad as berry drags his feet back two paces and jerks a hand out to his side .
the checkie pushes his cap back , rips out the ticket for berry and turns to wedge .
segedunum roman fort english heritage archaelogical dig , berry reads .
keep out , berry reads .
this place is fuckin mental , berry beams to no - one - even smithy has gone .
wedge says , pushing berry to the side .
ystink of b.o , berry turns to step aboard from the ladder .
oh , aye , smithy smiles , berry pushes him up the deck .
big fuckin fish , berry mumbles .
a pink buoy is lying on the deck berry boots it into the void .
smithy takes another look , then looks at berry .
ah fuck me , man , berry groans as the girl on the page takes the man into her mouth .
neeeeeeeeeeeeeaaa , berry squeals like an overtaking formula one car , yowww .
hold on a sec , berry replies , leaning with the wheel to one side , .
fucks sakes , man , berry walks over .
smi , smi , smithy , berry heaves .
the metal dinosaurs keep watch as berry gathers himself up , heart kicking a tantrum .
cockney wankers , berry mutters .
drops splash berry in the face .
fuck , fuck , fuck , berry mouths to himself .
behind the shed , and berry throws up his hand , eyes scalded by an industrial torch .
wedge looks at berry then back to his mother .
trudi grabs hold of the block , the corner peeled off smoked last night on wedges living room floor by berry and wedge , plus the departed runt and kp , now out spreading the good word around town .
he looks at berry .
ah man , berry mutters .
easy on the hair , berry blinks .
he comes up parallel with berry and his foot darts out , quickly stealing the can .
his eyes never move from berry .
like fuckin runt boy there , berry nods across the gap .
his head , berry points .
fuckinhell , berry snorts .
fuckinhell , berry sighs , trying to catch wedge by the eye - but he s avoiding the hook .
finally wedge looks towards berry on the seat .
crosby looks down at berry .
wedge jumps up , berry pulls him aboard .
we were fuckin around up there in rome , like , first , berry nods up the hill at the sharp end of the dock .
on deck , and berry pulls wedge into the tangle of brown metal at the stern .
his name is berry , edward berry .
sound , sound berry beams back his reply .
dunno , berry sighs .
she turns and glides towards berry , each step powering an erotic battering ram - he puts a spoon in his coffee and starts to stir , concentrating on the spinning black liquid with absolute intent .
he s a fag , wedge slurps , nods at berry .
holly beams a smile towards where berry sits by the door .
wedge sits on the bench opposite berry , bored .
they both look at berry .
i hope this berry boy is there .
anyway , can i have a word with you in private - edward berry ?
anyway , delaney shakes his head , re - focuses on berry .
fucks sakes , berry breathes .
delaney looks around , then stares at berry .
and berry is finding the boy is worthy of the title .
crosby squeals as berry bites again .
kristiaan smiles at berry .
kristiaan turns to look through the gap at berry .
kristiaan rustles something at berry between the seats .
now , i like you boys , he looks at berry then wedge .
then turns and looks between the seats at berry for what feels like about 15 years .
he turns and looks at berry .
it is good feeling mr berry , hey ?
he asks berry .
he smiles at berry .
he looks at berry with his wet pebble eyes .
wedge looks through the gap at berry then across to kristiaan .
we are nearly there mr berry .
berry and wedge stand on kirrins deck looking out over the fish quay man , berry says , impressed .
pull this mr berry .
he looks up at berry .
he s upstairs , berry nods at the roof .
talbot stares hard at berry .
talbot rolls onto his side , facing berry .
no , its berry .
and foggy , berry whispers .
comin , berry shouts .
kristiaan smiles at berry , hands him the pipe .
he smiles at berry , then shakes his hair like he thinks he s a sexy young girl .
u bent mooie m. berry .
his feet leave the ground and he swings fast towards berry just as the control had done .
but he d ran out of guts five feet short of his goal - an unconcious ted berry .
and berry gathers him in his arms .
jay , berry whispers .
some carried a plethora of berries while others carried full nests and they were all going the same way the deer and the bear were going .
she was a nature freak , seeming to subsist on nuts and berries and fiber - y muffins that hurt my teeth to chew .
attach the top and bottom planks with wooden pegs , carve some totem symbols , stain red with berry juice , black with charcoal , and green with oxidized copper .
father makes this from salal berries and some herbs .
on one side , a giant representation of a bears snarling face and on the other , a beaver with grinning buck teeth were carved in northwest - style geometric patterns and stained with charcoal black , berry red , copper green , or left as bone - white wind - bleached wood .
we became accustomed to taking one day at the beginning of the moon cycle to travel to the forest , gather berries , and stuff ourselves with mushrooms .
he went to the verte absinthe and mixed it with iced gin and sweet berries the way he had been taught by the hard - living , recently deceased grecian wrestler , tobas .
they did as they promised and we feasted on snakes and wild berries .
the kitchen , dining room composite was the first room ; it smelt of baking and there was a fruit bowl on the unclothed teak table , neatly arranged with apples , pears oranges and berries .
that will be followed by berries and cream .
she put her hand up to the bright red berries on a branch .
as he was speaking , a car arrived and the driver , whom i instantly could recognize as his brother , called out with a large brimming smile , bellies for berries and berries for bellies , imagino is there anything else worthwhile ?
as he was speaking , a car arrived and the driver , whom i instantly could recognize as his brother , called out with a large brimming smile , bellies for berries and berries for bellies , imagino is there anything else worthwhile ?
then , imagino turned to me , my brother sensus prepares a special drink which he calls black berry beer .
it is better we soon finish off with him and return to the delicacies of our new black berry beer and chilled chilly cheer .
i ' m looking forward to picking berries today , chrissy said .
the good berry bushes are about a mile from here .
did your daughter ever go berry picking with you ?
all three of us would walk out past here to the berry bushes .
amy and i would pick berries , and my wife would go to the healing place to pray .
my moms gon na to make a couple jars of jam from the berries i pick .
are we near the berry patch ?
it 's not far from the berry patch .
did n't you say your wife would pray there when you and your daughter would pick berries ?
the berry patch is fifty yards across the top and to the right .
the berry bushes are right over there .
elijah plucked berries off the bush ten feet beyond her .
i did n't want to get black berry stains on it .
i do n't think i could eat another berry .
as he set his bucket of berries on the bridge , he could feel the dull aching in his back .
she stooped , picked up her pail of berries , and walked away .
the jarring of her stride bounced several berries out of the pail and into her path .
she did n't want to slow to a walk , especially in front of kyler 's house , but the nausea intensified , and she knew she had eaten too many berries .
when she tried to jog again , bile climbed up her throat , making her gag at the taste of half - digested berries .
i went berry picking with chrissy butler .
she never came home from berry picking , billy said .
an hour and a half later , when he stumbled through the thorny berry bushes and saplings that choked the edge of the woods and into the meadow , he noticed his flashlight was losing power .
the kinloch place out by the berry bushes ?
come and i 'll treat you to some sweet berry .
picking a few more berries , she offered them to kevin , licking her lips : want to treat yourself to something juicy ?
all berries looked exquisite glossy , meaty , without a single spot .
terrified by the realization that was building up in her head , the girl took another berry and opened it a bit .
flat 3b , berry fields .
as luck would have it , i had seen berry fields on my journey in and knew exactly how to get there .
she is sitting crosslegged in a pistachio colored sun dress with repetitive bunches of tiny purple berries conjoined with anonymous white flowers , what would a future historian think about that ?
she had followed merry gay about all that summer , the older girl helping priss search for lost treasures , braiding priss 's long flaxen hair and stringing edible necklaces of the wild berries growing in the swamps and woods where their living came from , where the trains came from .
coming up on the northwest corner of the boxy white commissary , parting wet myrtle and gall - berry bushes in order to watch the men gathered around the front , they heard somebody yell , ` ` hey , you hear that ?
the true pineys are poor rural folk , often working truck farms and doing menial labor in the berry fields and cranberry bogs a lot of them do indeed have red necks .
a pained expression blanketed her face and she covered her mouth , did it nick the old twig and berries ?
it was a beautiful december day late in coffee season , but we could still see the indians in traditional dress hauling bags of freshly picked coffee berries .
first thing i noticed was that there was always food , mostly meat , but sometimes vegetables and berries .
and if you re feeling a little hungry , there are some black berries that will put your digestion to work .
one year and six months ago on the work farm , where cody lived for one year and six months along with three families of minks , the farmers would trap and kill the feral weasels to control the family nests from eating all the pond fish in the lakes and fruit berries inside the lush green woodlands .
even with the smoke - dulled sun at ten oclock , shining through the wet sparkle bushes and wax - berry myrtles and pines with drops of water clinging to the tips of their needles , they flock to sheltons face and hands like birds after bread crumbs .
she walks off with him , butt - naked , to let him peepee behind a withered orange wax - berry myrtle , one of the last bushes to hold its green after the drought got a grip .
i remember that night , because my mother had made strawberry shortcake and the berries were fresh .
i looked away from her and noticed that there were many varieties of berry bushes .
moving to the berries , i filled the bowel with huckleberries , elderberries , raspberries , and blueberries .
i enticed hailey back into the house with the promise of berries .
hailey and i played toys , we read books , we had breakfast , we played outside , we caught butterflies , and we collected flowers and berries .
he immediately stepped on the accelerator , flicked on the berries and began heading east away from the highway .
luckily , her rash appeared to be no more than an allergy to wild berries they gathered and ate with abundance .
he told him to head towards the berry islands located just north of the bahamas .
he pushed a button on the end of his armrest to bring his seat back to an upright position and automatically checked the fastenings on the table in front of him even though it had been neatly stowed away ever since he had finished his meal of salmon en croute , followed by a wild berry parfait , and washed down by a glass of passable champagne .
the lobster bisque smelled exquisite and was the perfect shade of pale pink , the roast lamb looked mouthwateringly succulent on its bed of organic greens and the raspberry pavlova was as much a sculpture as a dessert , a towering triumph of snow - white meringue and blood - red berries .
north , you 'd reach canada in a couple of weeks , if you found enough roots and berries and bugs to eat .
or will hunger or curiosity lead you to munch a handful of those red berries or pick one of those orange fruit ?
or do you live on dew and berries ? ''
below them the berry islands were a necklace of brown spits set in cream and emerald and turquoise .
he said , looking at felix leiter , ` ` well , i do n't know what you ' ve worked out , felix , but this is how i see the picture we may find around four o'clock in the morning , on the assumption , that is , that the disco has been sailing north in shoal water under cover of the berry islands and that she 'll then make for the grand bahama shore somewhere off the site of the missile station .
i remembered the jigsaw puzzle , which had borne the whimsical title ` ` last berry in the patch . ''
there were singing groups carrying flags and streamers , a knott 's berry farm float with animals and birds made of flowers ; fire engines , clowns and jazz bands .
she prepared fillet of pork cooked in beer and flavored with cumin , and served it with a fat baked apple , cored and peeled , the center filled with airelles , the little red berries .
medically , it 's called a berry aneurysm , and it 's very common in women - particularly in teen - age girls .
feed us roots and berries ?
a string - bean body , brown as a berry , his cheeks dark with stubble .
in the spring and summer , the grounds were dense with foliage , alive with flowers , berries .
dionetti stared at the vial , then at the few berries at the bottom of his bowl .
pick berries and dig roots .
he killed two deer out of season with his father 's 30 - 30 remington , mistakenly shot at and almost killed some hikers , got violently sick on the wrong berries , and damn near froze to death .
they grew potatoes , and grapes , and berries of all sorts .
they stuffed him under some cardboard boxes filled with melons and berries .
the father and the uncles treat themselves with roots and berries , for all i know . '
lizanne , having given the berries a stir , turned back to face us .
to their left , beyond a stand of moss and thorns and red berries curled into an overgrown mass , lay a small glade that dropped away at the base of some low hills .
this roused me from my nearly dormant state , and i ate some berries which i found hanging on the trees , or lying on the ground .
it moved slowly , but it enlightened my path ; and i again went out in search of berries .
when night came again , i found , with pleasure , that the fire gave light as well as heat ; and that the discovery of this element was useful to me in my food ; for i found some of the offals that the travellers had left had been roasted , and tasted much more savoury than the berries i gathered from the trees .
i found that the berries were spoiled by this operation , and the nuts and roots much improved .
i had been accustomed , during the night , to steal a part of their store for my own consumption ; but when i found that in doing this i inflicted pain on the cottagers , i abstained , and satisfied myself with berries , nuts , and roots , which i gathered from a neighbouring wood .
my food is not that of man ; i do not destroy the lamb and the kid to glut my appetite ; acorns and berries afford me sufficient nourishment .
breakfast was the same as dinner last night hadbeen : a sort of thick oatmeal sweetened with huckle berries .
it was red , not orange - red or blue - red , but red red , the color of holly berries or christmas ribbon .
` ` one can grind it into a fine powder , mix it with two types of berries and sage .
somehow the blend of root and berries and toxin must paralyze the nervous system , even affect the mind .
the stove shorted out and blew a hole through the pot and sent berries all over the ceiling and down the walls .
since carpathians did not eat meat , he had worked with roots , berries , and leaves , trying everything on himself first , poisoning himself more than once .
she likes to pick berries for breakfast , but i do n't like her going off too far with all this going on . ''
ginny was probably picking berries near the pond .
her arms and legs were scratched , and she could feel ripe , bright - black berries squishing against her .
after an hour of following the rock and ` ` hunting , '' she concluded that there were no big gulps to be self - served or juicy berries to be plucked , no mouthwatering steaks growing on trees or ice cream ripe for harvesting .
during the days , they ate the phickens and some rock - hard type of tart berry .
he 'd taught the girl how to tie special knots , and together they brought back fish and berries .
the servants - claire never did catch more than a shadowy glimpse of them , so they must have been vampires - delivered exquisite little martini glasses full of berries and cream to each place .
a few sharp rocks , a handful of berries she discovered growing on a nearby bush .
` ` i have berries and meats i bought in town . ''
several of the bright red berries had failed to meet his rigorous requirements , having been set aside on the edge of the tray .
he smiled in a distracted way as he picked up a plump berry and frowned at it .
he tossed the berry aside with the other rejects and snagged another , and whilst he all but growled at the poor thing , his stomach let out an empty howl .
the grunt she got back was either grudging approval of the second berry or agreement - likely the former .
he popped the berries that had n't been good enough for her into his mouth as he revealed his dinner , and then ate everything that had been left behind on her tray as well as all that was on his own .
thorny blackberry bushes were in abundance as well , all filled with juicy berries that probably tasted heavenly .
a stain as if she'dbeen eating berries .
poppy lifting her head from that guy 's throat toshow a mouth stained as if she 'd been eating berries .
they stopped in front of a scruffy stock boy with jet - black hair and a nose ring , who was stacking cases of cran- berry juice on a cart .
inside , i found dragon 's blood resin , a small bottle of gardenia oil , branches of juniper berries , and a glittering smoky quartz crystal , rutilated with lines of gold .
at her offer , we sat and tucked into the berries , roots and water she 'd set out for us .
as soon as dawn broke , we ate a hasty breakfast - berries we 'd picked after seeing monkeys eat them - and positioned ourselves in the thick covering bush opposite the staked deer and pit .
how he would have loved to trace the berry over her lips and lick the juice away .
dinner was hamburgers and smoked salmon , corn and broccoli and salad , with berry pie for dessert and thomas kemper 's old fashioned birch soda to wash it down .
` ` they 're made of salal berries and salmonberries . ''
he politely sipped his own tea , which was hot but not burning hot and made from natural y sweet berries and herbs .
usually , he would be analyzing by now : taste of berry , taste of tropical fruit , smooth , smoky , woody , rounded with a silken aftertaste ... but not now .
ground mastic and juniper berries would help with divination , she thought , and there was some sandalwood oil that could n't do any harm .
as my strength returned , streak brought me meat and berries .
after he 'd donned his pants , he plucked several berries from a nearby bush and held them out .
dessert - mountain berries , hot and juicy .
i served hot berries and roots with them - mr . crepsley had taught me which wild foods were safe to eat .
the nerd - mates were glued to the screen , watching historic footage of battleships blasting their cannons and devouring pop - tarts and crunch berries .
the berries are also from her garden , tart and sweet at the same time .
a hungry crow perched on a branch of a nearby holly bush , black and shining amid its sharp - cornered leaves , plucking at berries .
the way it felt when fangs punctured flesh - warm , soft - like berries popping , flooding your mouth with delicious , rich juice .
chapter eighteen i pulled up to a squalid house in buena park , about a mile north of knott 's berry farm .
i 'd made a little something for everyone , from yummy fruit pies and warm berry cobblers topped with vanilla bean ice cream , to sweet sugar cookies and rich , chewy fruitcakes .
` ` i grabbed fresh milk , berries , butter , and a few other things from my fridge before coming over here last night , '' jo - jo said .
i 'd been living with fletcher for several months now , and he often brought me into the forest to look for herbs , pick berries , or skin the bark off trees .
fletcher had lived in the mountains all his life , and he had a keen interest in natural folk remedies , like putting honey on burns or making natural teas and salves from barks and berries to fight colds and coughs .
i could still taste the scoops of ice cream , which had provided a soft , cool contrast to the cobbler 's warm , sugary berries and golden , buttery crust .
finally , three hours later , i cleared away the remains of the dessert course , the chocolate souffles that fletcher had made earlier , along with fresh summer berries topped with a light , airy vanilla bean pudding and garnished with thin , crispy shortbread cookies .
i spooned generous dollops of the creamy berry mixture into a hot skillet that i 'd melted a little butter in .
i pulled a handful of berries off the bush and stuffed them in my mouth .
` ` berries are always best off the branch , '' aunt b said .
without a backward glance , kay bounded after gideon , splashing through the water , leaping over a low bush , ducking through a hole in a tangle of berry vines , racing up a low hill and over the other side .
a fading sign about picking your own berries .
the berry scent filled her nose .
della lifted her face into the air , and kylie caught the wild berry scent of blood .
the ripe berry scent .
that 's when she recognized the sweet berry scent .
the rich berry scent that she now knew as blood filled her nose .
it had tasted like some kind of berry concoction , but better than anything he 'd ever tasted .
suddenly , the berry smell filled his senses again .
once , when she was a child , she 'd eaten a handful of berries that she 'd mistakenly thought were blueberries .
she 'd gladly eat those revolting berries again before swallowing one more drop of the viscous liquid spilling down her throat .
aria did n't bother to look up from the berries she was collecting .
she dropped the berries into her bucket , trying hard to keep her patience .
since the berries were only in season for a short time , one could not squander the opportunity .
the cloth was hand - woven by mother berry and her apprentice weavers .
the cutting kept the vines from growing too tall and thick ; thick and tangled vines always made it more difficult to harvest the berries the following spring .
she 'll kill to get a handful of berries away from the ones who ' ve gone out to pick them , rather than lift a finger for herself . ''
` ` he purchased oxberry wine from me many times and occasionally came to help pick berries . ''
` ` fruit , berries and protein , '' wylend smiled and convinced me to try it .
the sun shone warm and bright over our heads as we picked berries .
it made me wonder what would remove berry juice stains from skin .
just before sunset , we picked the last of the berries .
if my skin itched , i was too tired to separate that from the scratches and scrapes i 'd gotten while picking berries .
i was almost in front of her and prepared to accept the ring , as weary , filthy and covered in dust and berry juice as i was , when two things happened .
i looked awful , covered in dust and berry juice , but right then i did n't care .
` ` we 'll get blackberries for you , or any other kind of berries if you want to make wine , '' i said .
` ` we knew of larentii , but we have only seen them once before , '' he went on , smiling brightly before going back to crushing berries .
i was crushing berries and grapes before that , even . ''
i 'd done my best to get both of them on berry smoothies before i 'd left new york .
we 'd bought frozen berries and put them in the blender .
` ` did you drink your berry smoothie and take the flaxseed oil ? ''
` ` those berries have antioxidants and the flaxseed oil does the same thing the fish oil does , it just does n't have the taste to it , '' i said .
` ` be careful , she 'll have you drinking berry smoothies and taking vitamins and flaxseed oil , '' franklin put an arm around greg .
the day before i left her family , there was a feast in celebration - lamb and mint jelly , roast corn , biscuits and honey , baked sweet potatoes with brown sugar , berries sprinkled with sugar .
christie , cather , caldwell , burroughs , bronte , berry , baldwin , auster , austen .
eatin ' berries and roots and plants i knew .
` ` dude , halle berry is n't dead , thus she ca n't be reincarnated . ''
on the counter is some sort of berry cobbler , and a big scoop of that stuff has our names on it , so we 're not getting ourselves sent anywhere .
my iced tea has splashed a swath across both of our white t - shirts , and pieces of pineapple , cantaloupe and various berries tumble from our clothes and hair as we move to sit upright .
i drop the berries and seeds next to the one he flicked into the sink .
i try dipping a berry in it , but that is n't very good .
inside were samples from several plants : sprigs of laurel , sycamore and oak leaves , mistletoe berries , blue and white aster , and a packet of dry leaves labeled salvia divinorum .
` ` okay , '' i breathed , searching for the appetite to eat the berries and greens before me .
honey sweets and sin berries , and roasted birds for their ravenous appetites , and always they remembered to take the wishbone from its place in the bird 's breast .
there were berry tarts and chocolate covered strawberries and delicate , lacey cookies .
mostly , though , he talks about the wilds and the people who live there , and i lay my head on his chest and close my eyes and dream of it : of a woman everyone calls crazy caitlin , who makes enormous wind chimes out of scrap metal and crushed soda cans ; of grandpa jones , who must be at least ninety but still hikes through the woods every day , foraging for berries and wild animals to eat ; of campfires outside and sleeping under the stars and staying up late to sing and talk and eat , while the night sky goes smudgy with smoke .
his voice is low and still casual , but there 's an undertone of force to it : the kind of voice street peddlers lapse into when they are trying to get you to buy a carton of bruised berries or a broken toy .
fat , jewel - colored droplets of water rain down on our heads as we move through the woods , looking for berries , animal burrows , and good places to hunt .
you were surviving off wild berries and the small rodents you could kill , mostly rats .
she tossed a berry into her mouth , then offered a clump to me .
i can feel the tight contours beneath the tips of my fingers , can taste the berry gloss on her lips .
as we 're cleaning , when i know the others are n't looking , i throw into a bag the nonperishable items i plan to take to the cave today : dried fruits and berries , nuts , a can of tuna fish , a can of beans .
my day usually does n't start unless i ' ve had a berry berry blast . ''
the breakfast is a porridge made mostly of rice and berries , as far as i can tell , and when it is hot enough , i take two bowls into the tepee and put them in front of chee - a - quat and lightfoot , and in return i get a couple of grunts that i take for thanks .
hawk and i would push our way into the bush , plucking berries , digging up edible roots such as indian potatoes and toothwort , pinching the heads from puffball mushrooms , stripping bark from hickory trees , which we boiled , to soften it .
it is good - oatmeal with berries and sugar , hot tea , and a nice piece of johnnycake .
no way i ' m gon na have some epiphany about how i need to apply myself to life while living on roots and berries and learning how to build a compass out of spiderwebs or whatever the hell they have you do when they drop you in the wilderness by yourself .
spencer hastings crossed from her neighboring backyard and crouched behind a carefully pruned raspberry bush , inhaling the berries ' slightly sweet , slightly tangy smell .
one part of it is used for charcoal , but maybe another part - the berries - makes good jam . ''
the berries had stained ian 's palm a dark , bloody purple .
` ` well , child , brother bear , he go back to live with his mama , who give him a good spankin ' for hangin ' around with bad company like that brother fox and he promise never to do it again and he live out his life all happy , gettin ' fat on eatin ' berries and roots and apples and suchlike - but no bunnies , 'cause brother bear do n't want to go to hell for the breakin ' of a promise to the lord , nossir .
it was a summer sky of a kiss , breathless and endlessly blue , full of berry sweetness and sunshine .
as i washed it down with tepid water , i imagined a roast goose like momma oakes used to make in salvation with all the trimmings : creamy sweet potatoes swimming in butter and honey , brown bread , green beans , and berries in cream .
that roused a weary cheer from warriors who had been subsisting on plants and berries .
soon there would be tubers and fruit on the trees , more berries and wild greens .
gavin and i traveled without trouble ; and in the fall , it was easy to find forage - berries and nuts , ripe fruit on wild trees and fat hares lazy from eating all summer long .
i opened my pack and ate some nuts and berries we 'd picked on the way to town .
i went out and foraged for berries and not shared them with anyone .
a small trunk lay open by her hand , its contents spread out on the tabletop : squat glass jars full of what looked like berries , leaves , and colored powders .
the rest of the closet has been converted into my own little workshop , stocked with all the things i need for my kit : bottles of dye , sheets of gold leaf and coils of copper , tins of crushed carmine , and jars of pickled berries .
she loaded a plate with food that made her mouth water - roast boar , berries and cream , warm chocolate cake ... from a few feet away , she found leighfer bardingale watching her , the woman 's dark eyes remarkably sad .
leighfer took a few scoops of berries and a dollop of cream and disappeared back into the crowd .
they were clad in red shoes - red like the winter berries beginning to pop out on the bushes .
chaol coughed , suddenly very interested in the berries in the hedges .
all of her favorites were there : chocolate - covered gummies , chocolate almond bark , berry - shaped chews , gem - shaped hard sugar , peanut brittle , plain brittle , sugarlace , frosted red licorice , and , most importantly , chocolate .
noah scooped up the rest of the berries and placed them in a cooler .
` ` the berries were . ''
` ` i saw some berries back there .
we passed a bush with berries . ''
smiling , she stuffed as many berries into her cargo pockets as she could and then made a bowl with her shirt .
she almost called out to him , wanting to brag about her berries .
you left for those berries ? ''
you left to pick poisonous berries . ''
` ` did you eat any of those berries ? ''
even berries might kill her .
relieved , he plucked a berry and handed it to her .
if the berry 's white or has white inside , it 's safer to toss it . ''
she drew the berry over the inside of her wrist .
he picked up a stone and tossed it into the creek , trying to get the image of her tasting the berry out of his mind .
now you know how to find berries .
she asked , holding up the berry .
perry made her shoes from book covers and taught her how to find berries .
because she 'd left the rotten cave and gone searching for berries .
he 'd been a fool , teaching her to find berries when this was what she 'd needed .
it 's early in the season , but there should be some berries because it 's been so hot lately .
the scent of berries and something musky and good filled me .
her scent , that heavenly mixture of berries and musk , caused a lot of my body parts to twitch .
at this , the madams barnsley , berry , and macdonald , dressed in their best , advance grandly to the table , like ships in full sail , to snap down their coin , and the amounts are entered in the ledger .
we are heading toward the newgater quarters when i hear ... ` ` 'bout time ... '' i turn to see that the madams barnsley , berry , and macdonald are all seated at a table set up on forehatch and are playing at cards .
barnsley , berry , and macdonald .
there is also some cut up cheese , crackers and fresh berries straight from the farmer 's market . ''
he liked summer , when the first berries began to ripen , and autumn , when there were nuts and small apples .
there even seemed to be clusters of berries hanging in rows from the lower branches .
in the kitchen , i made a pot of coffee , and my decline of connie 's mandatory smoothie made her extra grumbly , as she slammed drawers and muttered about the health benefits of her rejected magical berry tincture .
coconut dominated the flavor , sweet and strong , accented by the berries .
i mistakenly ate poisonous berries but puked them up before i died .
a vat of oatmeal had been sweetened with berries and sugar .
he tossed berries into the air and caught them in his mouth .
he smelled pea soup , chunky vegetable stew , mashed yams , fresh berries , pungent cheeses , buttered mushrooms , skewers of olives stuffed with garlic paste , and hunks of bread slowly growing stale .
drake had been able to provide whatever they needed as they roamed secluded mountain valleys and uninhabited forests - fish , fowl , venison , nuts , berries , mushrooms , and bubblefruit all combined to nourish them .
chilled berries in cream was my favorite dish here .
jason washed them down with a cool drink that tasted like diluted berry juice with a hint of honey .
the main course was spotted parasol mushrooms , accompanied by a side of dry yellow berries with a flavor like sour candy .
lush fruit trees overshadowed bushes bright with berries .
` ` consume these berries now , '' the loremaster said , handing him a palmful .
chapter 4 the blind king as jason hiked away from the repository of learning , he soon realized that the loremaster was right about at least one thing - those berries had really replenished his energy .
he took his wallet and key chain , the cloak and the blanket roll the loremaster had provided , and the small sack of mushrooms and berries .
plodding up a long incline , he debated whether he should fish out his remaining energy berries .
they gathered nuts and berries , and used their crossbows to shoot bigger rabbits than jason had ever seen .
taking a bag from the satchel , he poured a small handful of shriveled berries into his palm .
he lifted one darkly mottled berry to his nostrils and immediately gagged .
` ` perfect , '' jason muttered , chucking the rotten berries into the lake .
he gathered nuts and berries and supplemented their meals with fish and fowl .
` ` their more common name is hunger berries .
but a person who regularly consumes the berries rarely lasts long . ''
all she can do is keep ingesting hunger berries to distract her from her condition . ''
but the more one eats , the more one craves the berries , and the deeper they seem to satisfy . ''
he brought trays of food , going so far as to make sure she consumed every last drop of beef stew , half a loaf of crusty bread , a bowl of the first spring berries , and a mug of ginger tea .
she 's like a secret berry patch , all thorns on the surface and sweetness beneath . ''
in my other hand i have a fistful of the holly berries .
the berries are hard and deadly in my hand .
she glared at me , swinging a basket full of berries that i knew she had probably conjured .
this witch had not walked over the countryside to find berries .
one day cuthbert came into the forest to gather berries , and there saw a hunter hunting an emu - raffe .
not far away , two faeries and a crow stood on the lip of the old well with their bellies uncomfortably full of berries .
crow and cheroot , a breath of berries just eaten , and a curious whisper of nightspink that reminded him of the imps who used to bring bellatrix 's messages from the next world .
he only knew it was a yew because his mother had told him , first when he was little to make sure he did n't eat the berries , which were poisonous , and again this past year , when she 'd started staring out of their kitchen window with a funny look on her face and saying , ` ` that 's a yew tree , you know . ''
his floor was covered in poisonous red yew tree berries .
he 'd been left with the clean - up , though , and he was shoving the foil packages down onto the bag of poisonous berries he 'd hidden at the bottom of the rubbish bin when his grandma came in behind him .
did you dream the berries on the floor of your room ?
` ` they 're just stupid berries .
oh , please , please , save me from the berries ! ''
the words you say tell me you are scared of the berries , but your actions seem to suggest otherwise .
of herbs and barks , of concoctions brewed from berries and leaves .
its berries , its bark , its leaves , its sap , its pulp , its wood , they all thrum and burn and twist with life .
and the berries .
the mama bear and her cubs had stopped to chomp on some berries .
no more julia child whipping up a delicious decadent dish , these recipes were tailored to the basics , like how best to prepare a rat , or the family pet , what insects , leaves , berries , and roots were eatable .
beneath its watching eyes , a boy gathered red berries at the forests edge .
the berries fragrance nibbled at his nose .
he glanced back at the cottage that stood at the edge of the meadow where he was gathering berries .
it took a full bucket of red berries for a pie .
fresh red berries glistened in the sun inviting him to pick more .
just a bit further on he could see a large clump of berries .
arii dropped his bucket of red berries .
the bucket spilled , and the red berries stained the boys bare feet .
as he neared it , he could see that it was a metal pail lying on its side , its contents of red berries strewn across the path .
the boy loved red berries .
maybe the boy had picked red berries in the meadow and escaped into the woods .
we could hunt , fish , gather nuts and berries from the forest and cut firewood .
as a young boy he watched , horrified , as gwaum devoured his family as he picked red berries for his mother to turn into a delicious pie .
their black masks , cockily crested heads , and intriguing habit of passing the last of the winter dried berries back and forth among one another made prissi think of a band of merry thieves .
joe has finished his meal and has told his grousing stomach that what it holds is far better than twigs and berries in an adirondack cave .
only a few berries and an occasional grub worm rewarded her search , and she was half famished when , looking up from a log she had been rooting beneath , she saw sabora , the lioness , standing in the center of the trail not twenty paces from her .
after three hours of pushing my way through thickening undergrowth , all i 'd found were a few prickly berry bushes .
i 'd forgotten all about it , that silly swiss pocket knife that i had dug out of my pack to use to cut berries .
you must be hungry with nothing to eat but berries .
there were berries and cheese and hunks of whole grain bread and some really dark , bitter beer in a flask .
my shorts and shirt had dried from my excursions into the stream , but were badly stained with mud and berry juice .
he asked once , when we were seated on a fallen log sharing nuts and dried berries from his supply .
enormous smoking hunks of meat , probably mutton or venison , drew the attention of the others while i viewed with relief the bowls of green vegetables as well as apples and berries , a change from my temple diet of root vegetables and flat bread .
now the stream covered the path , reached almost to the thicket where i had scratched my arms searching for berries .
one of my friends -- one of my friends , please to observe , not myself , ' said athys , interrupting herself with a melancholy smile , ' one of the counts of my province -- that is to say , of berry -- noble as a dandolo or a montmorency , at twenty - five years of age fell in love with a boy of sixteen , beautiful as fancy can paint .
she rejoined this man ; they fled together into berry , and there she obtained a little curacy .
although he was not in the habit of brewing , he told them of how the berries were picked , just the ripe ones , and how they were squeezed to bring forth the juice , and crushed in some instances .
the pan was filled with the gifts of the valley including fruits , berries and nuts then mixed delicately with dried spices and soon the airs of the small cave were alive with flavor .
he also walked over and picked some ripe red berries .
he poured the water in the basin and thoroughly washed all of the mushrooms , berries and the white shelled eggs .
everything i like the meat my parents brought me back from their hunts and all the sweet fruits and berries .
he had some egg and berries wrapped in a piece of cloth , hidden in one pocket , and bread rolls in the other .
thanks do i smell berries ?
he then pushed the remaining berry pulp into the bread .
i m sorry , but there were nt any berries to give it flavor this morning .
he did nt realize all the work he did would have made him this hungry because he ate all the fillets , half of the berries and drank three cups of water .
they came upon a large berry bush and ate the thumbnail sized berries .
they came upon a large berry bush and ate the thumbnail sized berries .
shade loved berries and lily knew it .
lily showed the others where the berry bushes were and they picked every one that was left .
every now and then lily would slip shade a berry and he would stick his blue tongue out for all to see .
shade would like a large slab of cooked meat and a bowl of berries .
a few minutes later the woman returned with a huge circular tray with slabs of sliced meat which was two hands thick and a wooden bowl of berries was balanced atop the meat .
he placed shades tray on top of the table and moved the bowl of berries off to the side .
on the dish was a fully cooked buck , five thick slices of beef , six large buttered biscuits , a bowl of berries and other chopped fruits , a large bowl of water and five mugs of mead in crystal glasses .
they only stopped once to drink from a clean stream and eat some ripe berries that the sisters thought far ahead enough to bring .
` ` i have enough redthorn , but i 'll need quilt - leaf berries .
seeing how the battle was ebbing and flowing , captain berry sent lieutenant galway with a party of the vangaurds marines to take charge of le spartiate and returning with the french captains sword our lieutenants delight was diminished when he discovered that his admiral had been wounded and was being treated below .
in her hurry to leave port just she had n't had chance to stock up on food so her diet consisted of increasingly stale bread , accompanied when she could find them by a few summer berries that the birds had not yet eaten .
once the others had gone outside she combed her hair , and stained her lips with a few berries from the fruit bowl in the common room a trick she 'd learnt at school , though she 'd never had much use for it before .
this time as i awoke in the morning , i opened my eyes and saw a deer in the bushes a few yards away eating berries .
she stated , stopping at a patch of bushes , speckled with the berries .
mason and i were born in this house and we ve grown up here , we know every angle of these parts from fishing , berry picking and just exploring .
priscilla rambled on doubling chris ' pace picking the berries .
there are more berries over this way , i think we already have enough for the pie . ''
ah , yeah , could be , ricky was nt really sure until he noticed the red berries all over the path .
he picked up a couple , yeah , i remember knocking all of the berries off these plants .
he inhaled through his nose and smelled the girlish scent of red berries rise from her long , soft hair .
a black drink made from the yaupon holly berries was used to purify the body of evil spirits .
then the aliktce gave the participants the black tea ; a potion made with the berries of the yaupon holly and with the spirits called upon by the aliktce .
and with that he pressed a button and the table was instantly covered with berries , nuts , wooden cups and several jugs containing drinks of various sorts .
natalie and sophia tried the different berries and nuts with relish and each partook of the juice to their own taste .
no sooner had the thought entered their heads than a whole meadow with the most wonderfully scented and mouth - watering berry bushes and nut trees opened up before them .
trays laden with fruits and berries appeared on the table .
they all sat together at the table and offered the sisters the fruits and berries that were as rich as their island .
lovely , hecate announced , a selection of cheese , berries and bread appeared on her plate beside two milkyway - like bars .
ambrosia if you re wondering , hecate told , cutting one of the bars with her knife , topping it with a berry , and eating it with a super straight back utter snobbishness .
clint followed the men back to the center of the village where they sat around a large rock covered with grinding holes , and to clints relief , the women served them cakes of baked unleavened acorn bread , mussels , madrone fruit , berries , and roasted insects .
the first many - legged morsel was a chore to put in his mouth , but to clints surprise , he found the fire - browned grasshopper which he disguised among a handful of berries , pleasantly nutty .
he helped himself to a handful of berries then sat down to watch .
i like fruits , vegetables , bread , butter , nuts , berries , eggs that have nt been fertilized by a rooster , things of that nature .
he gave her a large biscuit , potato and some berries .
she gestured to an overflowing bowl of berries and edible plants .
he popped a few sweet berries in his mouth , trusting that they were nt poisonous because he could nt focus enough to care as his hunger overrode rational thought .
he smirked back as she offered another bowl of food and saw her take a berry out of it because she knew he would nt eat otherwise .
i have made berry tarts , chief .
he grabbed a filled barrel of dry wheat berries and tied a rope to a ring so that when he got up on the ground he found it easier to pull up rather than carry up the ladder .
can someone get me berries and water ?
she handed him another bowl of berries .
he returned and began eating berries as he walked to the tent and slipped inside to lay down .
jacks family trooped out behind lawrence and lucy , announcing they were off to search for berries on the other side of the hills .
whilst unnecessary , some felt better in the knowledge there was an inexhaustible supply of luscious wild berries , healing herbs and flowering plants .
fruits , berries and salmon were the mainstays of the bears diet and were enough to allow the kodiaks to reach heights of twelve feet and weigh over half a ton .
i sorta wish we could just eat nuts and berries .
are you sure you want to wait for the berries and nuts ?
she switched the devices on and brought into her view a bright and blurry green image of a small creature batting at a bush stocked with berries .
this is christmas - themed crunch berries .
the soil must have been special because every inch of that little hillock was swarmed over with trees and brush , with choke cherries and crab apples and wild berries .
perhaps it was trying to eat some juniper berries .
i started a fire while frieden gathered more wood and jisei picked mountain berries .
i removed gray deer jerky and gave a few pieces to frieden and jisei and once we ate of the dry salty meat and the sweet ripe berries , i stretched out my bedroll and lay on it .
african sea goose berry birds lower beak hung down on a strip of his skin .
african sea goose berry bird decided to fly back to africa and stay under the loving care of his birds family but white eagle arrested his bird passport .
in the jungle along with woodpeckers party , monkeys were dining on ripe surya param berries .
sura param sun berries growing in southern india 's wilderness .
the second season of berries had ripened and as the boys got closer to the lake , the thorny vines grew all along the road .
andrew liked the raspberries the best and connor did nt seem to care what kind of berry it was .
what s say we check out the north side over there for some berries before we get in ?
before long they each had two handfuls of juicy ripe berries and as connor shoved a handful in his mouth , they heard the high - pitched buzzing .
connor laughed out loud , shoved his last handful of berries into his mouth and passed andrew on the trail .
stuffing his only remaining handful of berries into his mouth , andrew followed connor into the lake .
andrew still had a mouthful of berries , but he managed to yell back through the juice , the black guard , they got me !
he was covered in blood , dirt , sweat and berry juice and he was starting to get sticky !
the boys would also spend their time foraging for berries or herbs as requested by their mother .
leif nodded in agreement and sarah rummaged in her pack for the oatcakes and berries which was to be their dinner .
given that they had been living on a diet of dried berries and hard oat cakes for the last couple of days , it was not surprising that they found themselves drawn to the house from where those tantalising aromas were coming .
mother carried a basket filled with fruit and berries .
they showed him where to find berries , figs , rhubarb , watermelon , pomegranate , tasty mushrooms and flowers .
after jeverre left , tahir and the other sprites reclined under a large shade tree , discussing the days events , while snacking on fruit and berries .
demetrius laughed to himself as he prepared fruit , berries , vegetables , and bread .
come here , try some of these berries .
she gobbled berries from the bush , almost forgetting her fear .
tahir filled his pack with berries for the sprites who were awaiting their return .
bennie said slurping on a juicy berry .
the gardens were ingeniously arranged to provide varied foods : fruits and berries , roots and grains , stalks and vines dripping with fat pods .
alexander , meelix and ellic were already eating figs and berries .
so i walked back there to pick some for berries ?
it nibbled at berries at the edge of the camp , then worked her way toward jill .
on the fourth morning , the women began to roast the bison meat on the spits they d built , gathered roots and berries , and brought other foods that had been collected , and started preparing for the great feast .
i will bring a gift too , angie said and placed some berries and a couple prickly pears in one of her baskets .
that brush looks like service berry bushes .
always managed to find some edible roots and berries and things .
there were traces of a variety of fruit , berries and shoots as well as other plant matter that she was still trying to identify .
melady helped her parents by greeting customers and sometimes made jams out of wild berries she got from the forest .
franklin berries ! ''
some of them were trying to make wine out of berries but it was nt going well .
nancy came back to the tent , with the basket full of berries .
nancy looked at her pitifully , putting the berry basket on the table next to the soup diana brought earlier .
hush diana , you know hell come back , said nancy , putting berries into dianas mouth .
said diana , swallowing the berry .
nancy took out the berries from the basket and put it on the plate .
sharine walked to the forest and got some rabbits and berries .
there was a feast at that night , not only the initial squad survived , but also they ve successfully have made a wine from the berries .
said alvin , gulping down the berry wine .
we have enough meat for a moon , enough seeds for half , and some dried berries , but no other fruits , baer resumed with their concerns .
some grain , some vegetables and a few berries .
but you girls can find lots of berries .
there was an abundance of seeds and roots but few nuts or berries .
we can plant rye , oats , rice , peas , herbs , and berries ... her ideas were spilling out , a whole winter full of thinking suddenly released .
he tried one of the berries .
but they knew their effort to be worthwhile for , mixed with a little water , honey , crushed nuts and berries in season , and heated on a hot stone , the mixture made those delicious little flat cakes that were much in demand .
simi had the golden brown belgian waffle with berries and whipped cream , but she could only eat half of it .
figuring one would nt kill him , he put it in his mouth and bit into the firm flesh of the berry just hard enough to squirt forth a small measure of its tart juice .
those berries had nt done much to satiate his hunger .
berry bushes lined the streambed and each held numerous berries .
berry bushes lined the streambed and each held numerous berries .
he grabbed his backpack and removed the berries gathered earlier .
the few remaining berries made an inadequate breakfast .
sighing , he popped the last berry in his mouth and stood .
james encountered more of the berry bushes throughout the morning .
more berry bushes provided a morning snack as well as sufficient quantities to resupply his pack .
it had a strong berry scent .
upon seeing james rise , miko brought the water bottle with some berries he gathered earlier .
he popped the berries in his mouth one at a time while he gazed out over the water .
after fording a stream , the trees opened up on a clearing wherein a large expanse of berry bushes lay .
the cry was coming from the right side of the berry patch but the sheep was nowhere to be seen .
as he drew closer to the edge of the berry bushes he saw a snatch of sheeps wool dangling from one of the vines .
when it came again , he looked more closely and saw a fair sized hole in the ground hidden beneath the berry vines about four feet in .
he knew he finally found it when he crossed a stream and saw a mass of berry vines with an area of the outer fringe cut back .
nine times out of ten black face would be found contentedly munching the leaves of the berry vines he liked so much .
his aunt dropped the basket she had carried , berries scattered across the lawn , her face stricken with fear and sorrow and ira simply stopped in his tracks without any show of affection or joy at seeing him .
she used the next few days to gather berries and nuts , catch birds and rodents , and slowly nurse herself back to health .
berries were ripening in sheltered places , and the ears of grass were forming into seed pods .
tender smoked meat dipped and dried in honey , seed cakes , nuts , sweet roots and berries were offered around .
doe asked me the other day to accompany some of the women to pick berries and mushrooms and i agreed to go with them if its all right with you .
he remembered that dawn and doe were going to look for berries and mushrooms .
late afternoon dawn returned with a basket full of berries , seeds and mushrooms , as well as celery and bundles of marjoram .
suppose that while picking berries a woman is surprised by wolves or a lynx .
upon her back , bouncing up and down with each trot , is a large , decadent pie , topped with all sorts of colorful fruits and berries .
to his left a lovely young blond woman wearing a silky , red , transparent dress hand - fed prian berries .
well , ai nt them the berries .
beans , peas , squash , onions , berries , nuts , cabbages , yams , wheat , oats , peanuts , okra , black - eyed peas , tomatoes , rice , oranges , melons , chocolate , southern women were the great gardeners , hunters , fishers , and cookers that survived the civil war and the great depression up until now , laughs with the beaus .
can you please find us some berries like blueberry and raspberry for our nightly meal ?
there re plenty of berry bushes around here just walk side to side .
i spot some berries then pick them and place inside my long dress after tearing a strip from the sides .
i stare at bush of berries then grab one .
well munch on the raspberries , black berries and blue berries along with the turtle meat , blows then places the white meat into his mouth , chewing .
well munch on the raspberries , black berries and blue berries along with the turtle meat , blows then places the white meat into his mouth , chewing .
he leans against the rock wall chewing on the berries .
he coughs from the berries .
emmanuel was once a suitor to lady elizabeth tudor , the future queen of england with no money so he married his half - first cousin , the duchess of berry who was the daughter of king francis i of france .
duchess berry and duke emmanuel purchased land of turin then died there and was buried inside the chapel of the holy shroud of the turin cathedral .
he sniffs smelling the fresh pine trees , the blue berry juice bursting from the bush limbs , and the cut grass from the horse pasture .
then i m going to smear berry juice all over you and finally , i m going to sit right here and smoke one of those foul cigars that you no doubt have in your pocket while the bugs and beasts come to investigate .
also , we sold shakes , and one of them was made with a famous local berry the huckleberry that made the shake purple ; those were good too .
i saw , amongst the thick , dark - green cow parsnip bushes , with their little umbrellas of white flower clusters hidden on top , and huckleberry plants boasting the sought - after vivid blue berries sagging heavy with juice almost to the ground , there were purple lupine flowers rising up in their vertical clusters , like violet spear heads , and also brilliant three - petal trillium flowers looking like white starfish having crawled up the mountain to lay in the sun .
do you remember the time we traded rock berries with a killebrew boy , claiming it was magical ?
yea , we saw the thick - pelted bear in the clearing , picking berries and clawing his mark into the trees .
the berries were quite small but filled the mouth with a burst of tangy flavor .
crouched in the shallows , washing her hands , she said over her shoulder , picking berries , i got juice all over my hands .
from the pocket of her dress she took a handful of red berries and dropped them into the bowl .
what kind of berries are these ?
not what you d call a dessert berry , but it seemed nutritious enough .
in the morning he awoke to the mother of all headaches , vomited some tequila - flavored berry bile into his cell toilet and screamed like kafka on meth until a jailer came to see what all the fuss was about .
you do not smell , like freshly picked wild flowers , or wild freshly picked berries from the forest wild lands , mademoiselle gloriette .
as he came out of the trees , amongst the tattered brambles and small splaying elders , pauls eye was caught by the bright orange shine of berries , standing out starkly against the mottled greens and browns behind .
fetch me that little bowl of berries and seeds from the table , said grandma .
his eyes suddenly fixed upon something to his left and he shouted out juniper berries !
he released the pressure from his knife and looked at his victim puzzlingly , like a specimen in a lab , and queried , juniper berries ?
airk saw some berry bushes down the hill , jain called from lower on the slope .
the ate a meal of bread and berries around their small campfire .
beyond the edge of the camp stood the cluster of berry bushes of airk had discovered the previous night .
the cottage door opened and jain walked in carrying a basket of berries .
she turned away and nearly dropped the berries .
how she came to be on the road so near to my estate was a mystery ; she probably got lost in the woods while her mother was picking berries or nuts and whatever other things peasants eat .
some men hunted and fished , some gathered fruit and berries from the woods , but all of them did their fair share .
berries of many varieties colored the underbrush of the forest .
shimmer nipped at leaves and grass along the way , and echo occasionally snatched a handful of berries .
she nibbled on some freeze berries as she searched the ground for clues to certain roots that would give her what she needed .
the silver berries were cold on her tongue and their juice was refreshing .
echo shoved more freeze berries in with the worms , attempting to fool her brain into thinking the squirting was berry juice .
the berries did help the taste , but her mind was nt fooled at all .
she ate more berries and chewed on the bark from their branches , which was good for boosting the immune system .
they had walked all day , stopping only briefly at the foot of the mountains where they had a short rest and a quick meal augmented with berries they found growing wild .
he managed to find a small patch of bramble berry bushes .
braulor handed tagan a knife and the berries he had collected earlier , then he shoved the sword through his belt .
while braulor ran across the road and hid them in the tallest grass he could find , tagan ate the berries braulor had given him .
tagan swallowed the last of the berries he was chewing and wiped his mouth on the back of his hand .
the wooden goblet in saraid 's small hand was again refilled with berry wine .
we are headed up north , to the redwoods , jake said trying his berry .
they indulged liberally in the fresh berries .
plucked berries and greens eased their hunger .
a bear browsed a berry patch but was unlikely to trouble them .
it burned his mouth and throat but left a lingering taste of herbs and berries , none of which he could clearly place .
he continued walking and watched for the few edible berries or plants he might recognize as he walked .
he was feeling marginally better since they had found water a small stream that they could step over food a strip of dried meat and some sour berries and medicine acrid higg bark that now seemed as much a part of his life as breathing but he could still barely manage to walk much less maintain a conversation .
she had not allowed them anything more than a single strip of meat and the few berries she had found along the way .
well find some water soon enough and maybe some berries .
though they were hungry , teth did not bother to string her bow she did not want to risk the shaft or string in the damp weather so they made due with berries , wild onions , and a few plums that dasen , of all people , had found .
they browsed on berries and edible leaves as they walked .
some of the plants were squared off hedges , some were bushes covered with berries or flowers , and some were just flowers .
now , go fetch the berries for the pies for the banquet , she says , closing my mouth with her fingertip and handing me an empty basket .
ill go fetch the berries .
besides , they are special berries .
i frown when i see my berry bush .
i ca nt even leave the house unless it is to gather berries .
the basket falls , showering the men below with berries .
the robins is watery and tastes of apples from the orchard ; the ravens dark like pitch and tastes of berries .
christian gathered hazelnuts and late berries and with much good natured mockery from andre , chased a hare till he cornered it in the tangled roots of a tree , its soft doe eyes wide with fright .
and the older folk held gifts too , miracle berries and liniments and soothing unguents .
his own needs were few , being in the habit now of eating only a porridge of grains and nuts , but he d ensured that his guests were well provided for with a small brace of pheasant , a smoked ham , winter berries and a round of rich , creamy cheese .
except this morning , i did n't really want that nostalgic brown sugar boosteven if it did come with crunch berries .
ganthorpe waved a hand to the servant , who immediately placed a plate of fried duck eggs and bread , as well as a mix of fresh berries , in front of the woman .
her eyes never left ganthorpes own as she placed a berry into her mouth and chewed it , smacking her wet lips .
most winters for the barbarians were filled with the eating of berries , grains and fruits stored from a long , bountiful harvest .
i have packed several small sacks of moontear berries .
and the berries were a delicacy , sought after everywhere across wothlondia .
i appreciate your gifts , uncle , elec said thankfully , pulling his cloak tight about him and then strapping the rucksack to his back and taking the sack of berries from him .
he peered inside and found another fresh helping of moontear berries from this years harvest .
he went about setting up his lab the rest of the day , beaming the whole time as he popped one of the white berries into his mouth and chewed , savoring the flavor .
her deft hands sought out berries and with delight she found some sourberry , one of the few plants to bear fruit this early in the year .
she picked a dozen berries carefully and , steeling herself , slowly munched them .
to his surprise , they were eating woodbine berries .
the angel held out a hand full of woodbine vine berries , soothingly inviting , eatthey are devastating to the swarm .
furiously recalling the swarm under nibbs skin , all his pain and agony , and all he had to do was eat some woodbine berries .
i walked a great distance along the seas edge , sleeping at night in a hollow in the sand and eating shellfish and berries .
some of the berries we picked yesterday ?
she showed them how to pick berries and roots , how to fish and search the shore for shellfish .
why do grapes and berries grow within the reach of apes instead of ( for example ) underground , where they d have sprouted by the time they re found ?
he glanced about for danger , then began to check it out in search of berry bushes , mushrooms , roots , or any other vegetables and fruits that he could dry and store -- he 'd noticed there were scents of winter famine in the air .
then we sought whatever source of protein could be caught , and tried to eat whatever vegetation looked as though it might avert starvation -- tubers , mushrooms , berries , stalks and seeds .
there were breads and cheeses , melons and berries , and curious little pink - and - white crescents she had never seen before arranged around glass bowls of lumpy red sauce .
the maids carried trays of bread , cheese , berries and fruit , and a jug of wine .
nuts , berries , and leaves made up the rest of their meals .
dardans mouth watered ; they had nt eaten anything but wild meat and foraged nuts and berries for days .
when i refused to show her , she dumped her wild berry smoothie into my lap .
i loved wearing wet jeans that smelled like berries .
it 'd be a bitch trying to get a berry stain out of it .
you smell like berries .
this garden area here is all cleared , but the berry bushes in back are thick with over growth and there are plenty of places for us to hide .
as she drew even with the berry bushes she heard the faint crunch of roberts shoes on the gravel path .
` ` do you know , i think i remember my dear mother saying to me , gladys , do n't you ever pick wild berries .
if i must say so myself , i fix a wonderful pot of porridge and wild berries .
he had remained here on this mountain , feeding himself on seeds and berries and anything else he could find , for several days .
` ` ah , i used kerbal inur berries .
an made a mental note of remembering the berries , in case he should come over them in the markets of kin .
goran said to runth as they were talking about the inur berries they were fed for before arriving at dytin .
the faerie woman smiled at himher breathtaking smiles were a regular occurrence nowand came in with a basket of berries .
father jared inspected the basket of berries closely ; they looked like freshly - picked strawberries , small , red and ripe .
the berries in the wood are different .
the priest just shook his head at her , picking up a berry by the stem and biting into the other end .
he had picked up another berry , but now he put it down again .
it landed on a bright new branch and began to peck at a berry with its sharp beak , eventually fluttering off in an opposite direction , back into the wood .
` ` berries , then ? ''
much to her dismay , she had trampled some of the biggest , juiciest berries , but there were still plenty of good ones .
she crouched down and began to pick them to put in her dress 's berry pouch , which dad had sewn on special for her , sneakily popping a few of them into her mouth like it was some grand crime .
clutching her berry pouch closed , she trotted briskly back up the path .
i saw a couple different berries and made a mental note to ask if they were poisonous or not , and a few animals to ask about .
then i d be happy to show you some plants you can use to help injuries heal and some plants and berries that are safe to eat .
no , but ill show you some berries you can eat up ahead .
i asked him about the berries , if they were any good or not .
i joined her at the bush and we started eating some berries .
some were coming in to feed on the tiny orange berries that grew from the vines , others just to sit and sing .
they had picked at the plate of bread and plates of berries in front of them a bit .
after lunch , i spent the rest of the day sitting on the porch drinking tea and water , watching the birds flit in and out of the vines and branches , eating insects and berries , and chasing each other around .
as she approached the lone tent , saraid saw the fair fae sitting outside of her pavilion on a wooden folding chair while she ate a bowl of orange lore - berries .
she immediately set about fattening up a dozen geese , while keiras father was sent with a group of villagers to hunt for wild boar in the woods and keira and anna were dispatched to forage for berries to bake into pies .
every now and then she would pop one of the berries into her mouth , the sweet juice filling her mouth with a sweet explosion .
onozawa reached into his pocket for a handful of red berries and tossed them onto the leaves at the animals feet .
alana thought to return to the sanctuary with a sample of the berries , but she could nt escape the feeling that stealing from the tree was somehow sacrilegious .
the berry not only provided nourishment , but was sacred to them .
the elf prince told anon of one child who , possessed by his starvation , had bitten of the dead berries .
merchant tents around the fountain had been laced up tightly for the night , but she could still smell the warm sweetness of berry pies .
odysseus can persuade wolves to eat berries and leave the sheep alone .
even if they did there would be fruit and berries in the high woods , and game to hunt besides .
she recalled how shed wolfed down a handful of raw mebeya berries from her neighbours crops .
the jar of elderflower tea is for nerves , and there are several small packs of seeds and berries for the journey .
he was plump and shining now , not least because they had discovered that he had a terrible fondness for the dried berries that the gai renese had brought .
his eye was caught by a movement ; tiris had developed a habit of stealing berries from the plates of the gai - renese , and he was evidently at it again .
tiris jumped onto the table and started sorting through the food on loddens plate in case there were some dried berries somewhere .
lodden laughed and reached up to the shelf behind him , taking down a little wooden box in which were a few dried berries .
you might not see the berries but you know they are there , do nt you ?
tiris checked the plate again in case more berries had magically appeared and then flew up onto loddens shoulder for a moment before swooping away into the rafters again .
he was begging for berries again .
a cheep heralded tiris arrival , and lodden reached in to his pocket for the last of the dried berries .
perched on her thumb , he eyed the berry with his head on one side and then the other , and took it very deliberately .
as marmel picked a few more black berries from the bush , he explained to oreole about ash , the boy with the blue sparkler and trapping his bird on the ground .
having eaten the fruit , egg , bread and given their birds their fill of the small black berries , they both sat and listened to the sounds of the bog .
they had heightened senses for hunting other animals but only used them for sniffing out mushrooms and gathering nuts and berries .
she sipped the drink , which seemed to be made of some sort of berry , a watery but refreshing taste .
clarissa accepted and popped a ripped berry into her mouth .
the queen then went to the door and it opened but i paused , on purpose , and ate a berry , taking a moment to relish the sweet flavor .
but after the novelty of their shelter had worn off , yonfi became restless , constantly begging to be allowed to climb out of the hole to bring water , musrhooms or berries , so that they had to keep an eye on him , lest he unwillingly give them away .
after an hour or so herrdon returned with a cloak full of berries and wild fruits , almost as bright and vivid as the plants around them .
the berries were far sweeter and tastier , and soon the company were rubbing their bellies and rolling over , content with their feed .
he felt too sick to eat the dried apricots , berries and pieces of the cured and salted meat .
he felt more alive with each mouthful of the berries and apricots .
made of grape , wild berries and the ashur flower .
my wife liked to go up to the top of the mountains to pick flowers and berries .
she would make the best pies with those berries , my favorite dessert .
evidently , she also wanted to surprise me with a berry pie .
she took lia up on the mountain to gather some berries , and she was in such a hurry that she did nt pay any attention to where she was walking .
she held a pile of berries in a huge leaf , curled into a cone .
sometimes she took their bark , or their berries , or their roots , to dry and grind up .
an abundance of nuts and berries and an occasional fish from the river had sustained him once he left the plateau but winter would prove a bitter foe unless he could find a sure source of provender and he was in desperate need of clothing more suited to the colder weather .
my boy can show you the best places to pick berries and mushrooms since he usually spends his time avoiding his studies .
i ve some berries and apples as well .
nuts , berries , roots , trapped game , and hunting with bows and slings .
` ` actually , i thought we could make some smoothies at my house today since aunt meredith just bought some fresh berries this morning . ''
plucking leaves and berries and mushrooms from the bushes and the forest floor , i collect them into my helmet .
the creature does n't seem perturbed at all as yin bangs around loudly in the helmet , searching for all of the juiciest berries .
chapter 1 a plains girl of sixteen was in the forest close to where her clan lived , picking berries ( waskeka ) .
he had been out hunting when he came upon the girl picking berries .
when she finished picking berries , amatola took the forest path to walk home , enjoying the sunshine on her face and shoulders .
ahoti went to the berry bushes about the same time each day , hoping again to see the lovely girl .
ahoti and amatola became best friends , meeting almost every day at the berry bushes .
every night they lay in a bed made of grasses ; every morning , they ate dried meats and berries on the move .
there were berry bushes , thick with juicy berries of various colors ; yellow , red , blue , purple .
there were berry bushes , thick with juicy berries of various colors ; yellow , red , blue , purple .
while tanka finished his meal with some grasses , kahira got some berries out for dessert .
she brought out some berries with bread to eat for breakfast .
candies , fruits , berries , and papers scattered as she gathered her shawl and recast it , trying to reach the retreating grandee .
she done pinched some bustle berries from the kings own forest , so she was eager to get rid of it when we pointed out the error of her ways .
things like picking berries that would nt make him sick , starting a fire , and fishing without giving up .
it was a hide beaten to a special thinness such that the berry dyes and flower stains placed upon it lasted to the grave .
then still other times , there were so few trees about or no bushes with berries or no water to drink ... something which made them quickly leave the land .
that the bush which gave eating berries had to be praised and thanked .
but when i first changed , i attempted to eat some berries , since my ingrained humanness recoiled at the thought of eating meat let alone meat that was still alive .
` ` nuts , berries , roots , trapped game , and hunting with bows and slings .
this area of kondrastibar consisted mostly of small , single - family homes , each with a small garden , a carp - pond , a chicken coop , berry bushes , and a fruit - tree .
so a lot of them like to come down here , collect a few berries , and intoxicate themselves .
this , he said , is a mild stimulant , made from the berries of the kew tree .
no one could pick enough berries , or chop down enough trees , to establish vast personal wealth , especially if there were no social prohibition against others simply taking what they need from the resulting heap .
the fortune teller woman does nt eat berries , but why she still stays put ?
there is chicken , carrots and peas , bread , and berries .
we fill up on flat cakes with dragon berries in them , eggs , and dragon milk .
along with the dragon berries .
there are purple and gold flags up with dragon berries on them .
there was a dragon berry festival in the village today and we went to it .
i got to play games and eat a lot of food with dragon berries in it .
yes , i had entered a dragon berry pie eating contest and when it was over , she caught my attention .
` ` i wo n't tell you what i ' m carrying , but cold steel , iron , four - leaf clover , st.-john's - wort , rowan , and ash - either the wood or the berries - have been known to work .
ronan and lorcan caught a couple of rabbits , which we ate raw , along with some berries .
` ` he went wandering one day and ate poisoned berries . ''
` ` berries ! ''
` ` berries , '' run fast says again , sadly this time .
we were so concerned with finding a good spot for the night that we never thought to hunt or pick berries .
fiachna , bran and i pick berries and wild roots while they 're gone .
the eagle kept itself fed on brown - spotted lizards and small mice , seen otherwise only as shadows darting uneasily beneath rocks ; temeraire daily reduced the camel - train by one ; the rest of them ate thin , tough strips of dried meat , chewed for hours , and coarse tea mixed into a vile but nourishing slurry with oat flour and roasted wheat berries .
she was just a peasant girl , bright - cheeked with exercise , with her hair neatly braided back beneath a kerchief and carrying a basket full of walnuts and red berries and branches laden with yellow and amber leaves .
they had avoided any further mishaps , and they had found a number of edible fruits and berries growing within the swamp .
there were bushes hung with glossy berries , red and purple and black , and small trees hung with oddly shaped fruits she 'd never seen before .
oddly enough , i felt safer in a house where the walls bled berry juice , close to woods that used to terrify me .
chance tasted of wild berries and lemon , a thirst quenched by the play of his lips on mine , the luxuriant sweep of tongues hot as a summer day .
then half an hour later , i had yogurt and frozen berries .
i come to a bush of red berries .
i ' m reaching for a berry to examine it when i spot a car and realise i ' m close to a road .
there was never any noise in the sleeping castle , except in the late summer when ripe berries fell off the bramble vines and burst softly on the floor .
` ` what 're these berries ? ''
' but it 's got thorns and red berries ! '
' ca n't they just use flowers and berries and things ? '
nuts and berries , their expressions seemed to say .
and some of these berries can be really vicious .
there were the bits of holly , thrown out from the main rooms for not having enough berries on them , and now given fake modelling clay berries and stuck in anyhow on shelves and behind pictures .
there were the bits of holly , thrown out from the main rooms for not having enough berries on them , and now given fake modelling clay berries and stuck in anyhow on shelves and behind pictures .
' of ... the leaves , d'y'see ... they 're symbolic of ... of green , d'y'see whereas the berries , in fact , yes , the berries symbolize ... symbolize white .
' of ... the leaves , d'y'see ... they 're symbolic of ... of green , d'y'see whereas the berries , in fact , yes , the berries symbolize ... symbolize white .
boiled water with a bit of berry juice in it .
happily , demane showed them the trick of catching the plentiful local pheasants , by driving them towards a waiting collaborator with a net , and these , roasted quickly on a spit and rounded out with ship 's biscuit , made the company a dinner pleasant enough : the birds not the least gamy , having fed evidently only on the local grass - seeds and berries .
within a few minutes of tireless scampering through the birch trees and overgrown roots and berry patches , i was alone .
i was tall but i was still nine and my survival skills consisted of picking berries and throwing stones .
she kicked off her shoes , the berry heels dangling seductively off her foot .
she lifted a berry to her lips and met his eyes as she ate it .
tavi considered sweeping the tabletop clear with one arm , dragging her across it and into his arms , and finding out what that berry tasted like .
she ate another berry .
she ate the bite of meat as slowly as she had the berries , still watching his eyes .
a thicket of berry bushes protects it from unwanted eyes .
` ` and may the odds - ` ` he tosses a berry in a high arc toward me .
gale spreads the bread slices with the soft goat cheese , carefully placing a basil leaf on each while i strip the bushes of their berries .
the food 's wonderful , with the cheese seeping into the warm bread and the berries bursting in our mouths .
she puts the money for the berries in my hand .
i spot a cluster of berry bushes and hurry to strip the fruit , to suck the sweet juices from the skins .
i do n't recognize these berries , perhaps they are edible , but i ' m guessing this is some evil trick on the part of the gamemakers .
even the plant instructor in the training center made a point of telling us to avoid berries unless you were 100 percent sure they were n't toxic .
she 's gathered quite a collection of roots , nuts , greens , and even some berries .
we each suck out the insides of an egg , eat a rabbit leg and some berries .
for a while , we dig roots , we gather berries and greens , we devise a strategy in hushed voices .
patches of the sweet berries .
fearing the smell of meat will draw unwanted predators - fresh blood is bad enough - i make a good meal out of the greens and roots and berries rue and i gathered today .
i hurry , loaded bow in one hand , a hunk of cold groosling in the other , because i ' m famished now , and not just for leaves and berries but for the fat and protein in the meat .
last night , when i was gathering vines , i came upon a bush of rue 's berries .
i mash up a handful of berries so the taste wo n't be as noticeable and add some mint leaves for good measure .
` ` yes , they 're sugar berries .
sugar berries ? ''
a stray berry stains his chin and i wipe it away .
the sheet of plastic has been laid on the ground where the sun can reach the single layer of berries that covers it .
he jumps back , flinging a handful of berries into the foliage .
` ` i found some berries down by the stream , '' he says , clearly confused by my outburst .
i ' ve been down by the stream collecting berries .
i mean , we would have both been dead , too , if she had n't eaten the berries first . ''
he gathers up the sheet of blue plastic , careful to trap the berries inside , and goes to toss them into the woods .
i find the leather pouch that belonged to the boy from district 1 and fill it with a few handfuls of berries from the plastic .
if , in fact , we had been setting a trap for her , i bet she 'd have sensed it and avoided the berries .
i loosen the top of the pouch and pour a few spoonfuls of berries into his palm .
the berries have just passed my lips when the trumpets begin to blare .
26 i spew the berries from my mouth , wiping my tongue with the end of my shirt to make sure no juice remains .
funny , in the arena , when i poured out those berries , i was only thinking of outsmarting the gamemakers , not how my actions would reflect on the capitol .
flaunted the moment with the berries in the capitol 's face ?
and then comes the moment with the berries .
that 's when i know that even though both of us would have eaten the berries , i am to blame for having the idea .
in fact , he pretty much leaves me alone until the berries come up .
the moment when you pulled out those berries .
they did n't like our stunt with the berries , '' i blurt out .
in several of them , however , people viewed your little trick with the berries as an act of defiance , not an act of love .
i lay out how we are all in jeopardy , how the whole country is in jeopardy because of my trick with the berries .
the games were such a hit here , where the berries were only a symbol of a desperate girl trying to save her lover .
if i had just killed myself with those berries , none of this would ' ve happened .
wishing seneca crane had blown me to bits the way president snow said he should have when i held out the berries .
the berries .
since i pulled out those berries , '' i say tiredly .
yes , my holding out the berries had been the spark , but i had no way to control the fire .
it 's almost as bad as us and the berries ! ''
but i find a partial container of bloodred berry juice that will serve my needs .
i give a respectful nod and turn to go , but at the last moment i ca n't resist tossing the container of berry juice over my shoulder .
after all , he did n't pull out those berries , i did .
the bird , the pin , the song , the berries , the watch , the cracker , the dress that burst into flames .
first there were the gamemakers , making me their star and then scrambling to recover from that handful of poisonous berries .
snow knew it , as soon as i held out those berries .
gale 's eyes train on me , not the berry , but at the last moment , he opens his mouth and catches it .
like when peeta announced he was in love with you or you did the trick with the berries .
ramon built a small fire and the other man unloaded a double handful of sug beetles , suicide nuts , and the bright green berries that ramon had never found named in the planet 's taxonomies and that tasted like cheap white wine and pears .
` ` this is the berries - the absolute berries ! ''
` ` this is the berries - the absolute berries ! ''
they were smaller than i 'd expected and laden with berries of their own .
i see yellow cream and honeycomb , and white bread , and butter ; milk , cheese , and green herbs and ripe berries gathered .
' there is food in the wild , ' said strider ; ' berry , root , and herb ; and i have some skill as a hunter at need .
about it stood fir - trees , short and bent , and its sides were steep and clothed with harts - tongue and shrubs of whortle - berry .
when summer warms the hanging fruit and burns the berry brown ; when straw is gold , and ear is white , and harvest comes to town ; when honey spills , and apple swells , though wind be in the west , i 'll linger here beneath the sun , because my land is best !
on it were placed nine plates and mugs , and at the head of the table was a small chair decorated with winter berries and leaves .
the occupants of the tree house gathered around the woodburning stove in the big hut and steadily ate their way through galen 's stores of nuts and berries .
deep gold liquid filled the cup to its brim , and the smell of honey and berries and the pungent smell of alcohol filled the room .
leaves tore and rained down on us as the branches wove a shield of leaves , thorns , and bright red berries above .
from this there hung fruits as smooth and bright and round as holly - berries , some of which he ate .
hard to imagine when she 'd allowed him to strip her bare on a table and wrap his lips around those tight , berry red n**ples .
pale birch - girls were tossing their heads , willowwomen pushed back their hair from their brooding faces to gaze on aslan , the queenly beeches stood still and adored him , shaggy oak - men , lean and melancholy elms , shockheaded hollies ( dark themselves , but their wives all bright with berries ) and gay rowans , all bowed and rose again , shouting , ` ` aslan , aslan ! ''
it made him think of a chuck berry song , one that went c'est la vie , it goes to show you never can tell .
lifting the hem of her gown , he stared into sydneys dark , stormy eyes , down at the parted berry lips luring him like a siren call .
when he gathered a double handful of berries for his breakfast , the alien showed no interest .
leaves and berries in my hair , woven in among the garnet glow .
it was too dark to see that ash 's eyes were a solid green like the leaf of the tree he was named after , and holly 's eyes were the scarlet of winter berries .
brown as a berry she was , dark was her hair ; small and slim as an elf - child , none could mistake her ! '
in ql is a word pio ' plum , cherry ' ( with piukka ' black- berry ' , piosenna ' holly ' , etc .
and how she tasted of fresh picked berries .
as they went on bilbo looked from side to side for something to eat ; but the blackberries were still only in flower , and of course there were no nuts , nor even hawthorn - berries .
on his head was a crown of berries and red leaves , for the autumn was come again .
back to gardens on the hills where the berry swells and fills under sunlight , under day !
and they could teach me which weeds are best for making poisons , and whether those green berries are safe to eat '' .
` ` they loved to pick the berries here , my boys .
keynes was skeptical but unworried , and laurence , being more conscious of owing gratitude than truly grateful , and guilty over his lack of sincerity , did not try to interfere with the menus , even as the servants daily trooped back from the markets with a succession of increasingly bizarre ingredients : penguins , served stuffed with grain and berries and their own eggs ; smoked elephant meat brought in by hunters willing to risk the dangerous journey inland ; shaggy , fat - tailed sheep with hair instead of wool ; and the still - stranger spices and vegetables .
truly gigantic platters of brass were set before the dragons , each bearing an entire roasted deer , antlers intact : oranges stuck with cloves were impaled upon them , creating a fragrance not at all unpleasant to human senses , and their bellies were stuffed with a mixture of nuts and very bright red berries .
she jumped up , went a little way off , and came back , carrying something ; the little cool , dark berries of the mountain , in a green leaf .
do i look as if i 'd fed on berries and slept under the sky ?
but , there - you would have tasted only berries and cold water .
they were all at something of a loss from the new discovery : but besides the handprint the heavy red sand had taken all around the imprint of bare feet , and tharkay had uncovered , too , some remnants of their meal : emptied seed - pods , roasted , and the stems of berries from a bush near - by ; native , and certainly no smugglers would have made such a meal at the risk of poisoning themselves .
this was for some time their only account , as neither granby nor rankin nor any aviator had any notion of keeping records which laurence could even call barely adequate to serve as a proper second to his own , and dorset kept voluminous and wholly useless notes on individual leaves , or berries , or the paw of one animal , and could not tell which way was west if the sun were going down at the time .
crush no berry , bruise no leaf , tread as gently as possible on the roots , '' said hamnet .
soon the men were harvesting the olives , batting the branches of the groves with their long sticks and gathering the berries .
go not to lethe , neither twist wolf , s - bane , tight - rooted , for its poisonous wine ; nor suffer thy pale forehead to be kiss , d by nightshade , ruby grape of proserpine ; make not your rosary of yew - berries , nor let the beetle , nor the death - moth be your mournful psyche , nor the downy owl a partner in your sorrow , s mysteries ; for shade to shade will come too drowsily , and drown the wakeful anguish of the soul .
that 's the goji berry , i think .
` ` calendula , saint - john's - wort , chamomile , and a few juniper berries . ''
` ` there is bread and fresh berries . ''
what a rare and wondrous pleasure it would be to kiss her now , when her lips were moist and sweet with berry juice .
his tongue plundered her mouth , tasting the berries she had eaten earlier .
it held three drops of his own blood and the ashes of four of the wolf 's hairs mixed with the juice of wild berries to make it palatable .
he spent weeks researching the best tents , the best fishing poles , the best places to pick berries in the summertime .
it was hard traveling by foot for long hours and having only wild berries , and nuts to eat , along with the occasional wild rabbit .
a bunch of holly branches with their bright red berries lovingly picked by maureen and her girls , lay on top of it .
sarah reached into the basket and retrieved a crystal dish overflowing with bright red berries .
grateful that today her fingers worked , her stomach carried no pain , and her teeth did nt ache , agatha plucked the plumpest red berry from the dish and bit into it .
even though it was never a large one and the berries later in the summer were bigger , there is something to be said for the first of the season .
i sneaked down to the garden and ate every berry on the vine .
agatha shrugged and popped the rest of the berry into her mouth , savoring the sun - sweetened fruit .
she understood her love for the succulent red berries , for she adored them herself .
sarah placed the bowl back on the womans lap and smiled as agatha popped another berry in her mouth .
there s a better than even chance that ill be sick tomorrow even without the berries .
he peered down at her , his eyes dark berries beneath his black hair .
for breath , she chewed two wine - flavored myrtle berries .
christine defiantly picked up another berry .
mostly , they subsisted on swamp water , berries and mushrooms they picked , and potatoes given them by peasants .
his freckled face was flushed bright as a berry and he panted for breath .
they finally finished their duties and gathered around the fire to eat a meal of oat bannocks , dried meat , and berries .
he also offered her a basket of berries and a small white cheese .
the dried meat and barley bannocks in her pack were gone and , despite the verdant green forest , there was little to eat but a few berries here and there .
another of the baskets was full of dried berries .
they stored the meat , along with grain , dried berries , beans , and some roots and tubers , in stone pits in the ground at the edge of their camp .
the sufi offered this great warrior berries to eat , and gave him his own simple hut for an abode .
then something passes across her face , a reverent caress , and there is softness and scent in its touch , like a linen kerchief that hints of wild berries .
it was nt the time of year for cedar cones or berries , and any stalk or root he thought of , the beetles had eaten .
roasted chicken , honeyed pottage , eel , berries , plums , mead , cider , cabbage , carrots even the long oak table could barely contain such a food supply .
it was hard work , paddling twelve hours a day , eating little more than pemmican , a form of dried deer or buffalo , and what berries , nuts and other fruits of the forest he could scavenge .
there was plenty to do in the garden , as well as picking berries , making jam , and churning butter .
you come back here in a weeks time , and ill have a tonic made up for you of hawthorn berries .
for the hawthorn berry tonic ?
and she even brought several shillings in her reticule on purpose to give to old mrs.tate for the hawthorn berry tonic mrs.tate had promised her .
the fresher scent of things alive , of moss , of berries .
he was in a forest , and he thought of berries .
crawled out of his shelter and thought of berries .
instead he had to kneel , elbows to the ground , and eat the berries directly from the stems , picked one by one with his teeth .
as he ate , tiny mouthful by tiny mouthful , he imagined that the plants perceived his plight and offered the berries up to him , knowing well what he was doing , and why .
and the loud wailing that received that body also masked that same breeze , the trilling and even the sweet smells of the berries .
caught in a thicket of berry bushes and bleeding all around the middle , he said .
the season was late for berries or nuts to be gathered but he expected less than three days to be gone and had survived often on less .
the priests could not return from the wilderness for days or even weeks depending on the severity of the loss , and lived on wild berries and mushrooms .
~ mama stands in front of the hearth cooking porridge and berries for breakfast .
she smiled through berry stained lips , as if there was nt any question at all .
he was not disappointed to see the magical creature gathering berries from beneath the trees and plucking them from bushes .
during evening prayers , he could nt concentrate , thinking of emily , picturing her in her thin cotton summer dresses , wading through the creek , gathering berries .
now , she thought she was too ladylike to sit with him at the creek and talk , and she had to go consort with girls who probably knew nothing about fishing for crawdads or gathering berries .
wade would soon be working in the fields again , for it was almost time to plant , so they filled every waking moment with plans of walking in the woods , gathering berries , and maybe a secret trip to jonesboro .
i have loved you since the day i saw you watching me pick berries .
her berry red lips were twisted up to one side and her green eyes danced with delight .
collecting herbs and berries was becoming much more difficult ; the steady swelling of her belly hindering her more than she liked to admit .
one that held fresh picked berries doled out on the long walk home .
here are the berries that you asked me to get .
berries for the desserti thought that you might like some fresh fruit after being on a ship for so long , so i sent diana to pick enough for all of you .
in fact , ill try some of those beautiful berries right now ?
lydia had taken a walk with the kids to pick some early spring berries they d located on one of the trails .
sadie stopped picking berries and came to stand with tessa as it drew closer .
she carried a basket and he could see some berries in it .
his daughter was picking berries like hired help .
malinda and luke have searched for berries along the swamp , crushed a few apples and pears found in a sparse orchard for the juice .
ten steps further in , jordan found a bush full of tiny black berries but olson waved him off .
on the way back jordan stopped by a bush that was full of pulpy black berries .
in a clearing part way down he came across some berries and ate them greedily .
occasionally he came across some berries and ate them off the twigs .
more than once he found some dark tai - li or tai - lo berries that olson had said were poisonous so he avoided them .
he revisited spots where he harvested the berries as they ripened .
he gathered about a dozen coconuts , some berries and a small , rather sour fruit .
for the rest of the day , he groused for fruit and berries and dug up more roots .
then he spent some time gathering berries .
ahead of him lay the best berry slope in the neighborhood and he thought that sooner or later the jap would come to it .
he saw the jap return with fish , coconuts , roots , berries and fruit just as he had done .
he ate some fruit and berries as he spiked the fish and roasted them by the fire .
he looked around and among the scattered berries he found a handful of tai - li berries that caused stomach bleeding and cramps .
he looked around and among the scattered berries he found a handful of tai - li berries that caused stomach bleeding and cramps .
he sorted through the berries trying to find the culprit .
jordan knew about berries , recalling all that olson had taught him , as well as a type of celery , and a root plant that looked much like a smaller cousin of cassava .
hideki nodded his head in agreement , picking through a collection of berries after a supper of clams and tough starfish .
he cleaned it out and started dumping berries and fruit in it .
we have more berries than we can eat , so i m trying to do something with them .
that s the finest berry wine i ever had .
at first only with charcoal bits and white ash from the fire , then with berry juice and a mix of ochre red he found in the wash of the creek .
he also made himself bamboo containers filled with water , packets of cooked roots , berries and grass seeds to munch on .
her breasts were small , with brown berry nipples .
you could have killed me when i was sick with poison berries in my guts .
on a hillside they found some berries , then at an abandoned farm , some fruit trees gone wild and even some roots growing in the deserted garden .
oh , and he had companionship that of a tiny squirrel who often fought with him over nuts and wild berries .
rosalind drank the contents of her wine , relishing the taste of sweet berries , and what was that other unfamiliar taste ?
the first tribes of human civilization were hunter - gatherers where men hunted wild game and women gathered edible fruits and berries .
we could nt find any mistletoe to replace all the berries min and candle have used , so nobody else in the hall can be kissed , miss cresthover .
four of the eight smoked ; one a pipe , two cigarettes from england , and one a cigarette made from cubeb , a berry from a shrub that was dried and used in place of tobacco throughout india .
they talked about hare - coursing , about ways of cooking hare - soused in its own blood , or roasted with olives or sour berries ; lauchme 's mother preferred it slowly stewed , and the house would be full of the heavy odour for days .
we had some dried berries left ; i thought they 'd make a good sauce , with a little honey .
just let it be understood no one had to feed them , to let any of them beg a meal from the common stock ; they did n't keep themselves , they had no reserves , and now the orchards were bare and even the wild berries were thinning out , picked by the collatians or pecked by the birds , they 'd go hungry .
apples and pears grew in the orchard , nearby hedges grew berries and behind the barn , there was a large plum tree .
then ah made me some paints outen , oh , various truck , sich as minral oil , what lead , bark an berries what ah foun .
your face all red and splotchy like you fell into the berry patch .
sex , hallucinogenic mushrooms and song improvisation contests comprise the nightlife , with days devoted to the serious business of sorcery , skinny - dipping , flint knapping and maybe a couple of hours of desultory fishing or berry picking .
the coffee table was covered with a sparkly red cloth and the center piece of three large red and white candles surrounded by a wreath filled with berries was added .
insects , lizards , snakes , berries and seeds were what it always had .
there 's also smooth - vanilla nut , and a fresh brew of mountain berry . ''
` ` mountain berry ? ''
mostly hunters of mule deer , rabbits , and mountain sheep ; and gatherers of roots , nuts , and berries ; the people congregated around the virgin and muddy rivers in what would later be called southeastern nevada and southwestern utah .
this roused me from my nearly dormant state , and i ate some berries which i found hanging on the trees or lying on the ground .
it moved slowly , but it enlightened my path , and i again went out in search of berries .
when night came again i found , with pleasure , that the fire gave light as well as heat and that the discovery of this element was useful to me in my food , for i found some of the offals that the travellers had left had been roasted , and tasted much more savoury than the berries i gathered from the trees .
i had been accustomed , during the night , to steal a part of their store for my own consumption , but when i found that in doing this i inflicted pain on the cottagers , i abstained and satisfied myself with berries , nuts , and roots which i gathered from a neighbouring wood .
my food is not that of woman ; i do not destroy the lamb and the kid to glut my appetite ; acorns and berries afford me sufficient nourishment .
its made with fresh berries i picked yesterday .
grouse , pheasants , and wild turkeys eat insects , nuts , seeds , berries , vegetation .
she sounded like she was speaking to child on his way with a basket to pick berries .
they sang a song that sounded like something to skip rope to : churning in the morning up before the sun * clap- clap * sister sophies courting so she s never done * clap - clap * shell be picking berries a basket of the black * clap - clap * butter churned and ready flour in the sack * clap - clap * the plunger made her blister the pie turned out to burn * clap - clap * sophie said to sister i hate that butter churn !
` ` avoid the berries , '' he tells me .
i d even seen them eat shrubs and berries , though it did nt seem to satisfy them any more than eating large amounts of meat .
i see yeh , spook , the messenger said , his breath thick with burning berry leaves .
there was only one person in the castle who smoked berry leaves , only one person who called him spook .
more smoke , more burning berries .
well , yeh best drink every drop , he blustered , locating a pouch of berry leaves in his pants pocket and pulling it free , as much as yeh whined fer it .
for example , he could tell you which birds you d find roosting in the boughs of the shun and what time of day they d be active , or which areas of the kilashan housed the most bears during the winter cycles and when to steer clear of them , and even what kind of berries a red squirrel preferred to eat and what exactly the little critter did with the seeds .
he slowed and pointed at a cluster of lumps in the glossy surface , like a smear of jam over the berry seeds .
holly berries were tucked into her pinned up hair behind her ear .
bonnie lived in a 1960s style split level house , the property once boasting orchards that grew berries , peaches , and apples .
arranged on that silver platter in a circle were ten red berries .
i examined the berries on the plate .
` ` the berries . ''
` ` when we met for the first time , and i was considering taking you in , i put before you a plate of nine poisonous berries and one harmless , and i let you eat one of your choice .
` ` are you asking if there were other plates of berries and other children ? ''
i blurrily remembered the circle of fruit on the plate and the angels overhead in the painting reflected in that very dish - how the tip of an angel 's hand touched the berry i chose .
` ` i should have eaten one of the other berries .
all i need is yet another child , yet another plate of berries .
it was a blend of dried holly leaves , the kind from argentina that had lots of caffeine in them , and crushed holly berries .
after placing a handful of the dried berries into the ceramic bowl and using a vigorous twisting motion with the pestle to crush them , she transferred the now fine powder into a larger bowl and set that aside .
she added the ground leaves to the berry powder , mixed the powders together until well blended , and repeated the crushing and blending process several times until a large bowl of yerba mate tea resulted .
well , i had a nice shipment of holly leaves i d never used , and my friend had a bunch of dried berries .
it tasted at once sweet and rotten , like rancid milk mixed with honey , with a hint of sour like an unripe berry .
beaters would be used to force the berries off the vines , freeing them to float to the surface to be harvested .
a large file cabinet sat behind the desk , and above it hung a framed portrait of berry , looking off to the right and holding his chin , an obvious attempt to look wise and introspective .
the real berry was much larger around the waist than his portrait counterpart , and summers thought it amusing that he 'd keep it where a curious eye would immediately notice the weight and posture difference .
that boy was in pain , berry .
they had gone out berry picking , and the juice had stained his hands .
there were chestnuts and berries and nettles for soup as shed always said .
there are no nettles in winter , edmond , she objected in a small hopeless voice and it was far too late for chestnuts and the birds had got the last berries months ago .
berries and fruits are all that you need to survive in the forest i could also teach you hindi , hari said .
the next day as he came back from the office , he found some berries and fruits placed outside his front door on a plantain leaf .
he went in had a bath , came out , sat on the steps and began eating the berries .
must meet her father and ask him about it she brought you some berries and fruits ?
so now , you doubt your best friend over a girl who gives you fruits and berries .
he had become dependent on her fruits and berries in the evening and had gladly skipped his evening cooking chores .
the sumangali who laughed with him and brought him fruits and berries .
there was pink and purple and blue lotus too , and sweet berries full of psychoactive chemicals .
giant fronds and ferns overlooked high terraces , while flowers , berries , and fruits bloomed on plants and vines that hung down from every ceiling like the tresses of a fertility demoness .
the oneirophage , hydraman , and their gorgon and lamia consorts devoured everything in their paths , from grasses and flowers to berries and fruits to seeds and spores , engaging in frequent orgies as they made their way up stairways which ascended alongside the rivers and cataracts of red and purple wine , as well as streams of amber honey , which dripped from the pleasure hives of incubus bees and their succubus queens .
i deliver nutritional supplementsprotein bars , protein powders , amino acids , acai , goji berries , cats claw , you name it , i get it and deliver it .
she brushed powders and smoothed liquids over my face , accentuating my cheeks with rouge , applying a berry colored balm to my somewhat swollen lips .
i opened the small ornate silver pot of berry colored balm that the woman creature had used earlier .
the meal he ' made ' was something she would have expected to eat as a castaway on gilligan 's island : coconuts , juicy red round berries which tasted tart but good , and ( yuck ) smoked fish .
berries that will keep you alive , berries that will kill you .
berries that will keep you alive , berries that will kill you .
kyle munched on the berries .
` ` these are the best berries anywhere on the island , '' kyle replied .
kyle chomped on it and , like the berries that grew around the clearing , the carrot was very tasty .
the happiness of having something to eat besides berries , coconuts and fish would soon end .
the insects were thickest near the berry bushes on the northern end of the island .
there , many colorful , tasty berries grew wild some on thorny bramble bushesblackberries , dewberries , and boysenberriessome on long vines .
look how the berries grow larger here than the ones in the thick berry patch on the northern end of the island . ''
she agreed , these berries were huge and sweet .
` ` i try to keep any weeds from growing around these berry bushes .
` ` you never went out and picked berries ? ''
` ` you can pick any of those berries .
that left the berries .
she hurried on her path to the berries .
she reached the special 75x75 clearing spot where dick had brought her to pick berries .
` ` remember that clearing with the tasty berries ?
how he taught her to catch fish and coconuts and pick edible berries .
the sunny days they spent berry picking ; the always interesting , often humorous ( sometimes catastrophic ) fishing trips ; and most especially , their wonderful , in - depth conversations .
a vision flashed in my mind of alastor and i picking berries at the edge of the rose garden .
we were laughing and smiling as we fed the ripe berries to each other .
he thought , iwould sell my soul for some honest rock and roll - chuck berry doing ` ` oh , carol , '' u2 doing ` ` when love comes to town '' ... outside , nothing but dark , and stars , and that one tiny red battery - driven light .
i could pull out and turn toward downtown , toward the old high school that was still standing - it would n't burn down for another six years , not until 1964 and i could turn on the radio and catch chuck berry singing ' maybeliene ' or the everlys doing ' wake up little susie ' or maybe robin luke wailing ' susie darling . '
- chuck berry i did n't get a chance to really talk to arnie until after the football game the following saturday .
- chuck berry at the hospital they served thanksgiving dinner in shifts from eleven in the morning until one in the afternoon .
her mother had tossed a handful of the berries into her mouth , and when she did n't fall down , choking and convulsing , trisha had tried a few herself .
she walked to the bushes , thought about picking a few berries just to cheer herself up , but did n't .
now , however , the berries were just tiny buds , green and inedible .
what got her going ten minutes or so later was blind hope ... and the thought of berries .
trisha saw herself picking bright red berries on the slope of a pleasant green hill , looking like a girl in a schoolbook illustration ( she had forgotten the mud - pack on her face and the snarled , dirty spout of her hair ) .
and berries , too . ''
she was already reaching for more berries , stripping them from the leaves in sticky bleeding bunches , cramming them into her mouth , hardly chewing , simply swallowing them and groping for more .
her body opened itself to the berries ; basked in their sugary arrival .
she harvested the berries from their branches , closing her hand around whole clumps of them and pulling them off .
she ate some of the leaves as well as the berries , and her mother had been right about them , too - they were good even if you were n't a woodchuck .
she dropped a double handful of berries and screamed through what now looked like a crazy application of lipstick .
the worst of her hunger had been satisfied by the berries ; she had no idea how many she had already gobbled ( not to mention the leaves ; her teeth were probably as green as arthur rhodes 's , that creepy little kid who lived up the street from pepsi ) .
when she had enough beechnuts to weight down the bot - tom of the pack , she worked her way slowly back through the checkerberry patch , picking berries and dumping them ( the ones she did n't just dump into her mouth ) in on top of the nuts .
then she dragged her pack into her lap and put her hand inside , mixing the berries and nuts together .
she hulled a dozen or so of the beechnuts , mixed them with a like number of berries ( this time using her madder - stained fingers to remove the stems with ladylike care ) , and tossed the result into her mouth in three measured hand - fuls : dessert .
she did n't know how long the feeling would last - probably nuts and berries were like chinese food , they filled you up and an hour later you were hungry again - but right now her midsection felt like an overloaded christmas stocking .
an idea occurred to trisha then , one which was simulta - neously frightening and oddly comforting : perhaps the nuts and berries had gotten her high as well as feeding her .
trisha opened her pack , got a handful of berries , then paused .
` ` no problem with the nuts and berries , either , '' she said , then smiled .
she sat on a rock beside her hammock and munched three big handfuls of berries and beechnuts , telling herself it was granola .
the berries were n't as tasty this morning - a little tough , in fact - and trisha guessed they would be even less tasty come lunchtime .
berries and beech - nuts the size of sunflower seeds were all very well , but they were n't enough .
trisha put on the sneaker she had kicked off doing her stupid tantrum , then ate a handful of berries and drank some stream - water from her bottle .
she remembered discovering another berry patch , a huge one splashed down the side of a hill , and refilling her pack while she sang , ` ` who do you call when your windshield 's busted ? ''
she ate all but the last few nuts and berries after fill - ing her bottles ; by breakfast tomorrow she would be scrounging at the bottom of the pack , as she had scrounged for the last few potato chips .
trisha thought they were blackberry bushes - they looked like the ones from which she and her mom had picked hatfuls of fresh sweet berries in the sanford toy woods , but it was a month too early for blackberries .
other than some murky water , a handful of dried , tasteless berries , and her dirty clothes , it was just about her only thing .
he suggested again that the clown had murdered the boys and girls who had been found dead in berry since the previous december .
` ` are you a resident of berry ? ''
` ` i grew up in berry , you see .
and that made me think that maybe there are lots of roads all over that are just going begging ; roads with rock walls beside them , real roads with blackberry bushes growing alongside them but nobody to eat the berries but the birds and gravel pits with old rusted chains hanging down in low curves in front of their entryways , the pits themselves as forgotten as a child 's old toys with scrumgrass growing up their deserted unremembered sides .
he smelled lilies and juniper berries .
she picked the berry up and ate it .
bemused and vacant - eyed , he zigzagged among blackberry bushes that were almost twice as tall as he was , picking the berries and eating them until his lips and chin were smeared black .
once they caught up to him placidly walking his bike along the verge of the road and eating blackberries in an amusing way - he would toss each berry into the air , unerringly catching them in his mouth as they came down .
note 7 well , mark and perion were off somewhere , supposedly hunting for wild berries to supplement our diet , probably doing something else - they are quite modest about it and bully for them , say i - and so i was first gathering wood for a fire and then getting one going for harold 's kettle of water ... and pretty soon he came back with one ( he 'd pretty obviously stayed at the stream long enough to have a bath and wash his hair ) .
he went around the corner of the handsome brick building that had once been a polling place in election years and up came the berry 's apple pie filling and he discovered that norris had been right : he really felt better without it .
jack reached in , picked a handful of berries , and tossed them into his mouth .
smiling ( his lips had taken on a definite bluish cast ) , thinking it quite possible that he had lost his mind , he picked another handful of berries ... and then a third .
he had never tasted anything so fine - although , he thought later , it was not just the berries themselves ; part of it was the incredible clarity of the air .
it was the berries , he thought .
if it had n't been for the berries , i would have puked for sure .
another few steps past the blackberry bushes where he 'd paused the last time ( remembering how good they 'd been , jack popped two of the enormous berries in his mouth ) and he could see the whole of the tent .
no one came in here to pick , although aunt ida would sometimes stand at the edge of the tangles and pick a cupful of berries into her apron .
lois only shook her head , smiled , and sent them out with pots to pick berries .
she remembers uncle jackson , when he first found her and the boy malcolm holed up in a storm drain , living off squirrels and berries .
when she fills a tub with the berries , she brings it to the shack in the middle of the fenced property and sets it on the porch .
you 'd be surprised the things people 'll give for fresh - pick berries .
you come inside with me for a little bit , you can have all the berries you want .
she did n't think it would be so difficult , picking the berries , but the plants are thorny and if she pulls at the berries too hard they crush to purple sap in her hands .
she did n't think it would be so difficult , picking the berries , but the plants are thorny and if she pulls at the berries too hard they crush to purple sap in her hands .
i ai n't a bad man is why you get one tub of berries at all .
later , in the car , she puts a tub of the berries on maury 's lap .
maury puts one of the berries in his mouth and a sour expression comes into his face .
he spits the berry out and scrubs the rag across his tongue , but he 's still cringing afterward and he begins a low moan like crying except without the tears .
here , says temple , handing the remaining quarter tub of berries through the window .
when the crackers are gone , they eat berries and fish caught from the river in a burlap sack she finds among the rubble of the railroad tracks .
she adds berries and aromatic leaves she knows are not poisonous .
the size of a small suitcase , the purse is packed : barrettes ; a bottle of sweet - on - him perfume ; a tower records receipt with some boys phone number written on the back ; kleenex in floral prints ; a half eaten donut from this morning ; a letter from her school counselor , asking to meet with her parents ; root beer and choco - berry and cherry favored lip glosses ; a small pearson mason english boar bristle hairbrush that she stole from andersons drugstore ; a large plastic brush with missing bristles ; aspirin ; a broken purple swatch ; a grape blow pop ; a lucky rabbits foot her father gave her for her tenth birthday ; two make - up compacts , the mirror cracked in both ; a small , leather bound photo album ; and , at the bottom , a scattering of skittles and pennies and pennies and pennies .
you two dingle berries only have belts cause they were handed to you .
rebecca went over to a closet and grabbed a fresh trash bag while marcus wondered about berries .
maybe not berries at all , what about citrus ?
a crack in the sky sitting in my breakfast nook the following monday , while reading the morning newspaper and drinking a berry power breakfast shake , i read some very troubling news .
he smelled like fuzzy peaches and swedish berries .
you will be eating berries from below ! ''
after sharing a meal of berries and freshly mauled squirrel , lancelot was confident the animal would fall into a deep slumber .
i ' m already looking for trees on distant mountains , a snoop that seems to be good enough to get by the local trackers , an easy way down off this rock meadow and you want me to watch for berries now too ?
the author gin noun an alcoholic drink obtained by distillation and rectification of the grain of malted barley , rye , or maize , flavoured with juniper berries any of various grain spirits flavoured with fruit or aromatic essences i.e.sloe gin an alcoholic drink made from any rectified spirit a trap , i.e .
the plate he d fixed contained two hot dogs with generous amounts of both ketchup and mustard , a cornucopia of berries , and a perfect portion of barbeque potato chips .
wild berry ?
gentle java is run by disaffected baristas who used to work at nearby rough roast ( see farther down ) ; they re fruitarians who collect only coffee berries that have fallen on the ground it takes about one week for one person traveling through central and south american terrain to find enough berries for one cup of coffeethats why its $ 12 a cup , but also why food critics have knighted gentle javas coffee as the best in the bay area , and possibly anywhere else that might matter as much as the bay areawhich , to them , is basically nowhere ( 341 zocalo st . at eucalypt alley ) .
no , thank you , it was so wonderful to have all those frozen berries and all , paula said .
should i bring some of the berries back .. ?
the berries and jams were from allie who every fall picked every possible apple or raspberry in their garden and the spent days canning it all .
there were platters of pastries , sliced fruit , berries , fruit juice , caviar , bacon , croissants and white wine .
well , kristin started , swallowing a mouthful of berries .
chapter 32 friday connor and kristin fed each other berries , whipped cream and champagne in bed .
as i began to move out from the in - fold corner , my gaze fell upon the lilies , jasmine and berries .
i took out all the berries , lilies and jasmine ; and had put them over the leaf now .
she bit a berry .
i ate one berry and put the remaining back in the pocket .
i saw in to ; it had the berries .
a few berries were still there .
zip drives were replacing floppy disks , and duke nukem 3 - d made oregon trail look like a stroll through giggle - berry farm .
most remarkably , a single neuron can unfailingly recognize halle berry .
it is so sensitive that it can even recognize halle berry when she is dressed as catwoman .
i managed to collect a lot of berries and i found some nuts , meanwhile , with a rock in hand i knocked it on every rock i found to find one that would make a spark .
with an armful of sticks and pockets full of kindling , i followed the stream up the mountain , gleaming berries and nuts along the way .
i had made it to the top of the mountain before taking the tunnel , but i had fire and berries now , and i was quite enjoying the coolness of the air , and the sound of the brook rolling by .
the woods were quite beautiful , mature trees , small bushes covered in berries , wild flowers of all varieties .
when i was given berries and lovely potatoes to eat and some fermented , velvety thing to drink , i sometimes felt like a matsqui myself .
we would swim together , run together , pick berries together and inspect each other .
i showed him where to find the wild berries and he let me ride on his back from time to time .
i am mostly vegetarian : grasses , berries , ferns , fish , tubers that lie beneath the ground and things like thatespecially fish .
although reluctant to allow any user the right to bypass anything , xavier knew that people were uneasy about how this information might be used ( as if somehow admitting to ones preferred choice of berry might lead to her identity being stolen ) .
legend has it that kaldi was leading some of his charges through a neighbor 's field when they came upon a bush bristling with red berries .
the sheep began eating these berries in earnest .
never one to pass up an opportunity to ingest something unproven and potentially life - threatening , kaldi sampled a few berries himself and became the prototype for sbc customers everywhere .
sometimes in life you just have to take the word of your flock and throw a few red berries down your gullet .
as new places are built slowly , berry bushes disappear overnight .
only a moment ago the bushy twig had been happily hanging off the nearby tree and minding its own business and getting on with the task of growing leaves or berries or whatever it does until i d ripped it from its stem and laid into a frenzied attack .
and the pies also include such delights inside them as grass , various leaves , berries and twigs but to make them a bit more culinary they have a wild bouquet - garni of sorts which i d scrambled together from the old vegetable patch but no veggies i m afraid were to be found .
* the boy crawled amongst the thorn bushes on his knees , his one hand sweeping the tall sharp grass from his eyes , alert to the bloated feast of worms , the filling berries , succulent fruits which these stunted trees had in plenty .
deep into the heart of the world it stretched , winding like a stream - with a current like a stream , weak or strong , a human flow dependant on factors not necessarily related to the seasons , linked rather to questions jerian was unable to verbally pose , the answers scattered across country , there to be harvested and graded , fruits and berries and fat round worms the man himself was called upon to pluck and gauge .
udioe pelted him with juicy berries and scampered away , laughing , her white shift washed and dazzling .
as the summer drew near its end , stillbird gathered wild berries and apples and other fruits that grew here and there as well as the wild onions and watercress and mint that had grown in abundance since spring .
rose , meantime , had settled into the image of a tragic heroine , a princess trapped in a tower and the tower was her own depression , which alternated with euphoria , but lasted longer and longer as she languished in the garden , letting the weeds take over , ignoring the bounty of the sweet pea vines and the berry bushes .
she took pleasure in milking the cow and gathering the eggs and picking the wild berries with her daughter and husband .
finding a way to compress them into a manageable bundle meant cutting each long berry branch into small segments , then stomping on them and tying them loosely .
she would wander and day dream and eat wild plants and berries and roots , sometimes a fish she contrived to catch and cook over an open fire .
he was brown as a berry and peppery as usual .
my father got it in payment from one of your neighbors , a gentleman name of berry , father of the present one , i believe .
the guys dispersed in the market choosing berries .
having noticed sensei , she hastily stepped over her berries , practically scattering them all over the ground with this motion .
having chosen ripe berries , sensei bought a big basket for all of us .
their flavour is deep and rich , and it seems to me that there could be nothing better in the world than the sweet , tangy , natural taste of these small fresh berries growing wild around us .
you took us there and we picked those little berries .
we planted mint in a big border around the berries and put some in between the patches and also along the fence where the horses were .
my dear alexander , would trellised berries deter birds ?
blood as ripe as crushed wild berries spewed from his wound like an open hydrant ; it bubbled under his collar as he labored to inhale a breath of air that would not come again .
steve saw that the entire paper plate was rapidly turning purple as a result of being overwhelmed by both the number and juiciness of the berries .
he was slicing fresh breakfast strawberries for laura and he saw that the juices from the ripe , plump berries had begun to seep into the tips of his fingers .
chapter 43 khalis khemen was having what his little boy adam would describe as a hobble , not good , berry bat day , the source of the assessment being adams favorite childrens book , alexander and the terrible , horrible , no good , very bad day .
not good , berry bat day , daddy ...
not good , berry bat day ... heard khalis in his mind as he tried desperately to control his emotions , attempting to appear to his commander as just one more dedicated member of the team .
i reach around her , struggling with her to get a berry or two .
and sometimes i think the berry has nt fallen far from the bush .
yes , there were the standard displays of broccoli , cauliflower , carrots , beets , onions , potatoes , yams , apples , bananas , oranges , peaches , pears , several varieties of melons and some in season berries but what i saw so much more here and it was all fresh looking versus travel worn from being shipped north on a train or truck .
she ate sparingly beyond caution , but did not have a choice ; although she had found some edible berries in the glade , the food she had brought just had to last .
whereas i burnt as red as a berry , a face full of freckles like a healthy english schoolboy , so that the teachers smiled at me .
some birds picked at fruits and berries with their beaks to still the hunger , and larger birds picked at the smaller birds with talons and beaks to still their hunger .
some beasts ate the fruits and grains and berries of plants to still their hunger and other beasts , larger and less patient , tore the smaller beasts apart and ate their hearts and livers and muscles and drank their warm blood to still their hunger .
it ends , inevitably , in a grisly only - in - animation landscaping by the oak tree when he finally chainsaws and brush - clears the poor old holly - knight , whose collapsed , mangled body is carried away by an entourage of burgess meredith - like wrens ( complete with consoling mutterances , scarves and longshoremans caps ) , leaving blood spattered berry imprints on the snow .
her lips were pink and full and glistened like wild berries .
~ ~ ~ tuesday , april 18 clamor starts singing : sweet talkin guy talkin sweet kind of lies do nt you believe in him if you do , hell make you cry her voice is a tart soprano , like a ripened berry , all the vowels deeper and more southern when she s singing than when she talks .
you can just skip the berries , i tell him .
kane scooped a small handful of berries from the pail .
kane placed a bunch of berries into alma 's palm .
he carried a deer carcass over one shoulder and a bag of wild berries in a pouch attached to his hip .
check out chaste tree berry , too .
it was a very interesting berry for some of the polycysts .
* chip says this to hayley : you re more beautiful than halle berry .
berries and roots from her husbands orchards she worked into colorful dyes , until only the rainbows themselves might challenge her flax and woolens .
isobel got up early each day to catch a bus out into the country where she picked berries all day .
when my berry picking job is over at the end of the month , ill move on probably to zurich .
he cooked a good meal of fried rabbit and cornbread , and then ate plums and berries for dessert .
he was hungry , but he did nt dare use his reserve , so he gathered berries and nuts .
sage was enjoying the fruit and berries he remembered .
little calf took the baby and withdrew to pick berries .
we both noticed a pile of berries at the bottom of the bush that we d overlooked .
we knelt down to pick them , staining our knees on the squished berries .
his mouth was all red from eating the berries .
directly above his head , a raucous collection of jays was feasting on clumps of wine - colored berries scattered among the porcelain petals , while thirty feet away in the trellised rose garden , a middle - aged woman sat on the same bench he had recently abandoned , a familiar , moss green volume with a cracked spine resting on her lap .
he subsisted on squirrel meat and fish and some berries and plants .
she was black and wore her hair in a short cute hairdo like halle berry .
acknowledgments the editor would like to thank all those who assisted in helping prepare this issue of mc2 , including kate rossmanith , peter doyle , willa mcdonald , pat grant , beth yahp , sarah keith , marcelle freiman , clinton walker , ray devitt , vanessa berry , mark evans , justine martin , and lisa cuffe .
he even took a small sip of the beverage and remarked eagerly about its berry flavor and how its sharp sparkling fizz bit his tongue in all the right places with maximum refreshment .
these were the feral children who came about in the early morning everyday to forage for berries and nuts beneath the brambly patch just behind the cabin .
the sparrows wheeled around in the bushes in a drunken orgy eating those berries .
lester and his new bride , tovah mcsweeney , would live off the land , can berries and fruits , smoke fish like the indians anticipating the winter shortages of fresh game , hunt and trap until their cattle business was firmly established then trade for cloth , spices and other necessities .
he was the one who knew the name of that large berry farm where we spent a good long time , three seasons of 1938 it was .
then some kind of berry maybe ?
small sweet peppers , the first of the summer squash , lovely berries of course .
the freezer is nt much better , with little more than frozen berries and chicken breasts , and the pantry is sparse .
so it went on for a time , in the morning the bear went out , at noon she came back home , where she always brought nice berries or flowers for her little adopted son , and after she had played with him a while , she trotted in the evening back out to the forest , but to hans chagrin she always rolled the stone over the mouth of the cave .
he ate berries and stayed clear of people .
it was an exquisite january morning , with the charms of a mild winter scene the hedgerows sprinkled with red berries and haunted with low twitterings , the purple bareness of the elms , the rich brown of the furrows .
the bird also ate seeds and berries downy woodpeckers are not exclusively insect eaters and so had stayed alive .
so she did the trip in stages , finally getting it all down to the shore of pine lake among a tangle of berry bushes .
he could see by the colour of the berries on the end of the plantation closest to the house that he would have to set the camp to start the harvest by the end of the week .
i d read that these survivalists tended to be loners , but i did nt want to take a chance of being whisked off into the woods to live on nuts and berries .
ill have thomas and see you her right hand swept out toward lyssa and smacked the tray , sending the berries cascading down the front of lyssas new dress .
she knelt and gathered a couple of berries .
if not for the food stores saved back from better times by the watermasters , plus the concerted efforts of hunters and those who went out into the wild lands to gather seeds and berries and cactus fruits , many in the village might have starved instead of merely going to bed hungry .
let 's go look for berries in the bush .
the bush is full of berries ... can we go and see ? ''
it was an orange batter with some blue - colored berries thrown in .
we picked some berries while you were gone .
what kind of berries ?
we could go after the berries at the same time maybe .
we can show it to you , and there 's berry patches there too .
i ' ve just been eating berries .
when do you think we can go pick berries and practice your golf ?
charles and jean were waiting outside for leaner with a couple of mason jars for the berries .
the breeze from the fan carried the smell of shrimp and pasta that martha had cooked along with strawberry cobbler made from berries the kids had picked .
playing 3rd is the berries .
no , i d like a pint of wheat berry , a bald wig , and a ball peen hammer , he said .
you hate berry beers .
i remember aromas of suntan lotion and wild berries , that salty , piney taste of our sunflower seeds .
he climbed a neighboring tree , where birds sang and fluttered and the air was fragrant , and discovered small bunches of pale berries .
he went from tree to tree gathering as many of the berries as he could , and by late afternoon both of his pockets were filled to bulging .
after a light meal of the berries he had gathered , the two headed down toward the river .
they ate the rest of the berries and then set out along the bank while the world was still dim .
are there any more of those berries ?
at twilight he returned with a pocketful of the same pale berries and some leaves that , though bitter , were soft enough to chew .
she lifted a dark berry from the shawl and rolled it between her stained finger and thumb , but made no move to carry it to her mouth .
he was perusing the berries and reading through the description of a particularly inviting variety of strawberry when he stopped short and returned to the top of the paragraph to reread it .
i mean there was a description for a big red boat right in the middle of the berries .
with the rising of the full moon overhead , the three retreated to katies cabin to prepare the evening meal and enjoy gardeners catch of fresh smallmouth bass , homegrown tomatoes , asparagus , baked potatoes , and berries .
she steamed the broccoli , microwaved the corn and prepared the berries with a drizzle of gran marnier .
sit down berry .
gruter looked straight at berry .
roger was just what berry needed to find out what was going on .
we all know your stance on prison berry , i was just saying that better detection provides better evidence ... and evidence is what convicts .
dianne sped off to a 7:00 meeting leaving berry to sort through the cars in the lot until he found his .
they had only been married eight months when she left berry .
... lee had met berry several years back when muffin arranged for him to rent an apartment from a friend .
crossing the lobby berry passed the chancelleries desk and entered the hallway leading down to the pool area .
alcohol did not agree with berry .
thank you was all berry said as he took the envelope .
upon returning to his office berry checked the cross reference directory .
he was n't supposed to call until friday , but berry could n't wait till then ... dialing muffin 's cell phone berry hoped he could catch him ... maybe he 's in his car ... he might have found out something by now ... hello , muffin , its berry .
muffin spoke up as he approached berry sitting at the terminal .
it does n't make sense ... its just not logical captain kirk ... no one ever said it was gon na be easy ... and with that muffin left berry sitting at the computer and turned to leave .
this is berry ... berry sullivan .
from the sound of the voice berry could tell that it was one of the entourage screening michael 's calls to prevent obnoxious rock fans from bothering him .
his abrupt manner irritated berry .
it did n't matter that berry really did n't have the time to spare .
i want to do this ... it 's one of the few chances i have to get out in public ... and with you along i feel a little more secure ... if you do n't mind ... no , i do n't mind ... if you re sure you want to ... a little of berry 's envy subsided ... that 's too bad he thought ... have to hide to have fun ... yeah , it 'll be fun .
all kinds of computers , people looking everywhere , and right under my noise ... what the heck ya talkin about berry ?
boy , if i had known that , i could have used it in the past to get more information for him ... mike looked at berry with one of those did i hear you right looks ... just kidding mike ... berry really valued his relationship with mike ... he was just kidding , and mike knew it ... as it moved slowly away from the small crowd that had gathered , dave watched the limo leave , wondering where they were going ... now that would be the life ... go where you want , when you want , no burdens ... if only he knew ... it seems that everyone , but the star , who really knows how it is , believes the glamorous life would be great !
her full name was margerie jordan ... chapter 11 mike leaned over towards berry looking as if he was about to impart some very important information .
on more than one occasion , muffin had dropped in on him only to find berry immersed deep in a multimedia nightmare !
he was thinking that it might be a good idea to contact berry to see if he had learned anything else about the mysterious phone call ... hey bear , yeah , i got a few minutes ... was just thinking of touching base with ya ... well , now would be fine ... ok , see ya in 10 ... rounding the corner on donaldson boulevard roger swung into the kwik mart and pressed the end button on the cellular as he stepped out the car .
he had just enough time to grab a quick snack and make it for berry office ... he was thinking of how hungry he had become ... ...
it was a restless night for berry so much on his mind and so few answers he had been tossing and turning all night and sleep had been far from his grasp as he rolled over he was thinking that he might as well get up and work for a while .
well not always , but i could nt sleep , and was working on some things when i saw the reflections from the lights basically i wanted to know what was going on in my neighborhood berry was careful about his response not to say too much .
nothing big and how should i know i have no idea why you re here berry was again evasive trying to dismiss his current case .
i suppose i should nt get you involved , but what the heck , maybe you can help he motioned for berry to come over to where he was standing .
we got a call from the night watchman around 1 am saying that he had entered one of the warehouses to check out an unlocked door what he found was a body our investigators say it was a single shot to the heart that killed him looks like a professional hit were not sure why he was here his name was charles loften and his identification indicates that he s an independent chemist that runs a lab on the south side from what we have found out most of his business was in the area of water surveys and toxicology reports maybe he had discovered some information that someone did nt want to get out berry was a little taken by detective lutzs frankness have you discovered any specifics about the shooter ?
good , we want to take a quick look before he s taken away berry , anything in particular you want to look at ?
well sir , we think that he might have been holding something that the killer removed before he left i was going to include it in my report ok bob dave turned back to berry very observant berry , any other observations ?
dave was listening intently and was a little surprised himself to hear berry go into to such details after only a few moments on the scene that s a lot to discern from the little time you took to look things over you almost sounded like you knew exactly what had happened you sure you are nt working on something that has ties to this situation ?
what berry noted was that earlier information his computer had found indicated that parks was the chairman of the national committee for the review and replacement of collegiate athletics programs a non - profit organization that advocates replacing what they call violent sports like football with what they believe to be non - violent sports like golf .
i am available after 4:00 berry good i will see you then , was all that berry said before he hung up .
i am available after 4:00 berry good i will see you then , was all that berry said before he hung up .
we have reporters standing by on the scene and we go now live on site to our remote action cam deep inside berry somehow knew it was nt an accident .
some of the facts were clear , but there was a lot of haze in it all , and he did nt want to get gruter involved any more than he already was so what have you found out berry ?
just keep a low profile on our investigation , and i will get to the bottom of it all as soon as i can find a few more details as berry got up to leave , gruter walked rapidly around the desk and grabbed berry by the arm is there any chance that i am a target already ?
not really , its just a hunch fits in to something i have been thinking about it sort of seems suspicious to me , ok berry , have you been holding back on me ?
in fact , one of the individuals being investigated by the police task force dave was on , was a key figure that could lead to discovering the truth behind berrys entire committee case the only problem was dave had not considered any connections yet because he did nt have all the facts berry possessed and berry was unaware of the other investigation dave was involved in and had none of its details hey dave chief said to tell you that there is a meeting of the organized crime task force at 5:00 he wanted to make sure you would be there .
ahhh ok guess ill have to move that bite to eat until later he would have to call berry and postpone the meeting he knew berry would understand he was familiar with the way this business went the job of being a cop would have to come first .
it was almost 8:00 and he had promised berry he would meet him at 8:30 .
daves thoughts gravitated to the suggestion berry had made about senator parks death maybe not being an accident .
oh , nothing , its just that there for a minute you looked like a chipmunk berry chuckled again .
chapter 20 the red digits on his alarm clock were telling anyone who could see them that it was almost midnight but berry could nt see them right now he had decided to get some rest and let his mind rest too .
yep , need to chat ill be here see ya in a few bear berry got up , slipped on some jeans and a tee shirt , and walked out to sit down at the terminals .
in reality it had actually been about 20 minutes since muffin called , but berry was still sort of in a haze from waking up and the time had passed quickly for him he shook his head , rubbed his eyes , and tried to bring himself to being wide awake and ready for whatever muffin had to say .
dave was still up thinking about his conversation with berry .
dave was a little surprised that the chief knew about his contacts with berry .
heres the deal , i have already been considering bringing him on as a consultant , and i will agree to putting berry sullivan on a three month contract but you have to keep me fully informed on what you two come up with .
there were consultant release forms , guidelines for information sharing , confidential reports on previous contacts between barrys investigative work and the department dave was thinking that there was more in there than he really wanted to know regarding berry along with all the various forms and reports dave found , there was also a surprising report regarding the law enforcement institute at the university .
it did nt take long for berry to get into his morning routine .
being careful not to mention their current joint investigation or any real details , dave told berry about the chiefs approval to bring berry on as a general consultant working with dave , the chiefs involvement in the institute , and the reference dianne had given berry .
being careful not to mention their current joint investigation or any real details , dave told berry about the chiefs approval to bring berry on as a general consultant working with dave , the chiefs involvement in the institute , and the reference dianne had given berry .
after all , he really had not heard anything about such a bill , except from berry ... he was just fishing .
well , if there ever is , it sounds like fun to me what else am i gon na do with all that money they both laughed out loud after dealing with the panicked entourage that freaked out when they could nt find him , michael arrived back in his hotel room , and the first thing he did was open his laptop and send a special message to berry , it was special berry had installed an encryption program based on dod standards only berrys software had some of its own routines he had added .
he felt that he needed to get with berry first and go over the new info before he laid anything down to the chief .
he might be able to spill a little more if he was able to put it together better , and this evidence could give him the edge he was looking for berry , i need to talk to you right away can you meet me at omalleys in about 30 minutes ?
the excitement in daves voice was telling berry that it really was important .
i m aware of that berry i had already decided not to include all the big wigs and politics we have discovered , just to be on the safe side , but with this new evidence i probably need to get into the whole gambling thing in order to tie organized crime into the situation .
ill see if the nurse can find him the officer turned to the nurse sitting at the desk and began talking to her in low tones then he motioned for berry to come over to the desk .
turning back to the officer berry asked about visitors .
thanks was all berry said as he headed for the elevator at least he knew that lee was doing better he had a lot more things to follow up on and he would have to check on lees progress more closely some other time ...
dave did nt tell the suspect that berry was just a consultant he wanted vinnie to know that he was there for serious business and he felt that by telling vinnie that he was including important department people as backup during the questioning he was making a strong point of that fact .
i do nt know berry , but if were going to have any chance of the da working with us on this , were going to have to get the chief involvedi think its time we had a sit down with chief dobbins and filled him in on what we have maybe everything we have .
he s not so bad to deal with from your description of him , i thought i was gon na get my head bit off its timing berry we could nt have come to him with this request for his help at a better opportunity .
when dave pulled up to the location berry noticed that there were several cars in the parking lot , and there was a large sign above the door that said simmons imports .
there actually is a simmons he runs the front in case anyone does actually come in to do business it appears just like a import business front counter , cash register complete with a mr . simmons as the proprietor he s actually an sbi agent working with the task force entering the building berry followed dave around the counter and through the door dave had opened going to the back .
this is benny we call him benny goodman because he s a real good man with all this stuff johnson , benny johnson he held out his hand toward berry .
hey , i m just kiddin a little eaves - dropping humor all i know about you is what i have read in the papers , and what dave here has told me nice to meet ya berry .
he was almost certain something was wrong now she did nt give the name of the place they would meet , but instead called it their usual place she had always referred to it as grudermans deli because she liked the old couple that ran the place he was sure she was being evasive on purpose so as not to say too much over the phone dave , i need to step out for a bit myself it was dianne she wants to meet me in thirty minutes she was being very evasive over the phone like she did nt want anyone to hear it was sort of odd maybe it has something to do with this case i did ask her to check into a few things for me dave looked up at berry .
you need to be careful too berry if he s gone to all this trouble to keep an eye on the law enforcement institute , he probably has people in the department how many people know all you ve told me ?
dave was just about to call berry when he walked through the door of daves office .
it seems that our power broker has infiltrated the law enforcement institute dianne has come up with some information that indicated he has people in place there to keep an eye on things and maybe here in the department too you need to know that after she told me about what she had found out , i filled her in on most all of the details i felt she needed to know so she could steer a solid course and keep from gaining too much attention i did nt want her to get involved , but she is already , and i do nt want her to get hurt dave so now that she knows that only make the three of us who have most all the pieces it looks like its a good thing we have keep some of these detail to ourselvesthere are people working for whoever is behind this whole mess and it could get back to them if too many people found out what we know that could put a number of peoples lives in danger dave nodded telling berry he understood his motive for telling dianne what they knew .
his face was somber he was looking off in the distance as if someone was standing behind dave and berry .
vinnie looked over at berry and then back dave the witness protection thing ?
muffin mused out loud that sort of fits in with what berry told me about a suspicious nurse he thought that seemed familiar to himyer sayin that the driver of the car that ran you down was a woman and not a man ?
the chief smiled slightly and nodded back indicating that he wanted berry to him to do it .
berry put the chair in front of the door and stood on it reaching up towards the camera after a few second berry got off the chair , carried it back to where he had been , and sat down ok , i ve disconnected the feed and power source unless there are other recording devices , we should be free to talk now without being recorded .
dave looked over at berry and the two of them we taken totally by surprise by what the chief had said and both their expressions showed it but berry was probably the most surprised and without thinking he spoke his thoughts out loud .
dave looked over at berry and the two of them we taken totally by surprise by what the chief had said and both their expressions showed it but berry was probably the most surprised and without thinking he spoke his thoughts out loud .
chief dobbin looked directly at berry cracked a smile of sorts .
muffin rolled up another chair and settled his huge frame in it waiting for berry to finish comfortable chair berry even for a big guy like me nice .
he was turning the corner on tenth street when his phone rang againhe punched the hands - free button berry , dave we have sophia processed and in the interrogation room how long before you can get here ?
when they entered the room berry stood at the back again and looked on while dave immediately sat down opposite sophia grendandino and her attorney .
dave raised his voice for the first time berry ever heard in this duel venture , which surprised not only the suspect and her lawyer but also took berry by surprise he had been watching mrs . grendandino when berry suddenly looked over to see dave getting out of his seat .
it was nt on the warrant all that was ever said is that she was wanted for questioning about possible associations with organized crime activities you jumped the gun hotshot berry was impressed at dave line of reasoning he could see the wheels turning in the attorneys brain he was asking himself if he had actually incriminated his client berry took advantage of the situation .
it was nt on the warrant all that was ever said is that she was wanted for questioning about possible associations with organized crime activities you jumped the gun hotshot berry was impressed at dave line of reasoning he could see the wheels turning in the attorneys brain he was asking himself if he had actually incriminated his client berry took advantage of the situation .
there were only a very few who knew about the possible connection with the loften murder and your client my guess is that when you found out that we had vincent balboa in custody , and that he might talk being the actual killer you hired you got together to discuss the possible problems your client might face if he did talk problem is if we did nt tell anyone berry turned to dave .
if you can really give me something i can use something that is really valuable in all this then we can probably work something outbut i m sure you know i will need to run this through channels dave looked up at the camera above the door i will talk to the people responsible for making those arrangements and let you know as soon as i can dave looked back at berry in the mean time berry can you see if you can get them something to snack on and drink you two want anything ?
if you can really give me something i can use something that is really valuable in all this then we can probably work something outbut i m sure you know i will need to run this through channels dave looked up at the camera above the door i will talk to the people responsible for making those arrangements and let you know as soon as i can dave looked back at berry in the mean time berry can you see if you can get them something to snack on and drink you two want anything ?
dave reached across the table in front of berry and handed her lawyer the deal they were offering sophia it was almost exactly the same thing they had offered vinnie .
sophia looked at berry with a bit of what looked like regret on her face .
both dave and sophia looked at berry with surprise but it was sophia that spoke up first .
over a hundred grand berry was familiar with the price being an avid car shopper wow that s a lot !
wait a minute hellllo heres something there is only one black sls on the registration list and you re not going to believe who it is registered to carl was nt really trying to elicit a response it was more of a rhetorical question never the less berry responded .
hi berry its nice to see you again thanks for coming by muffins been here several times had to scold him though for making me laugh it hurts my ribs lee stood up very slowly , cracked a huge smile , and reached out patting berry on his shoulder glad you stopped by .
if i can help in any way berry just ask .
lee straightened up , opened his eyes , and looked directly at the picture berry was holding up .
the last one i talked to said they plan to keep me here for at least two more days i do nt like being a target berry ... this whole thing scares me .
we can keep you safe lee we can make sure no one can hurt you trust me lee i m going take care of that lee looked up at berry and forced a smile thanks berry you know ... you re not so bad for a straight guy .
setting at the helm of his own creative techno - brain berry settled back into the place he felt most comfortable sure he felt that all the rest of the work that went along with his investigative services was interesting too but the part he liked the best his strongest feeling of accomplishment his sweet spot in life was where he was right now putting all the pieces together .
chapter 32 the sun rose over the city but it was not noticed by berry this morning .
he was usually very reserved with his appreciations but berry remember that it was personal for the chief , and the fact that they were getting close to bringing down rensillere appeared please him a lot .
the chief left the office with dave and berry following close behind .
after all the arrangements were made berry and dave sat and listened to isabel lay out her years of involvement with rensillere .
so what s this hunch you have berry ?
once they told her they suspected marie , alice was quick to set the record straight and they discovered that berry was right .
after they removed him from the limo , dave strolled up to them and began to read him his rights it had all gone like berry had planned no mess no excitement and most of all no violence that had taken down one of the most powerful men in the country without firing a shot .
how about toast , fresh berries , and tea ?
she headed home and bootsy and dwayne bought some ice cream and berries and headed home .
did you bring the berry root paste ?
the berry what ?
for red wine , the grape berries are introduced whole into tanks . ''
it was hard to believe the rocky soil at my feet was so conducive to growing the best wine berries .
he took a cd player from his gym bag and started playing chuck berry music as background for his individual workout routine .
obviously she had the wrong helen berry , but had there ever been another one ?
either that or they ve developed a vodka that tastes like juniper berries .
darren continued , pinot noir should have hints of cherries , berries , and earthiness .
you do nt want sour berries and cherries with bullshit hints of oak and juniper and earth .
a box of count chocula and a box of boo berry .
we will show the ladies how to set traps and forage for roots and berries .
we walked back to the house along the winding garden path , jenny nibbling on the handful of berries she grabbed as we passed the bushes .
next i reddened her lips with berries .
white porcelain circled with green holly and red berries at the base , the vintage pot had touches of gold around the rim , spout and cover .
wild berries were scarce and protein was in short supply .
sure , berry or apple .
todays special was cinnamon rolls so before i made a batch of berry muffins , i made the dough and the drizzle for the rolls .
the boys did a good job of finding wild berries and roots for them to eat along the way which gave them the strength to continue on .
as she gathered sticks and dry brush to build a fire , the boys caught fish from the creek for dinner and they also had some wild berries and mushrooms they had gathered along the way .
liza , liza , liza she stared into his hazel eyes , her eyes glistening , her mouth red and ripe as a berry .
he looked left , and cherries and berries flashed .
i picked out the berries and a few palatable flakes and flushed the rest down the disposal .
i made instant oatmeal with added dried berries and raisins on my camp stove .
she popped a berry in her mouth and bit it off its stem .
i grabbed a couple of hershey bars the one with peanuts , a blue berry push - pop , and a couple of sour sprays in strawberry and apple flavor .
you know , sucking that blue berry pop is increasing the taste of your blood .
that way bryce ca nt corner the market on amborella berries and juice .
` ` it 's a vegetable extract of a berry from polynesia .
behind the house she could see a small grape arbor and what appeared to be plots of cultivated berries .
hobbies : cookingquiltinggrows flowers for cutting grows grapes and berries .
` ` like the wild berry patches that cover the hills behind the house . ''
cherries of the black beauties type , apricot 's , and early plums , all found their way in as well as the berries from the hills about the house .
she had prepared cheese cake with fresh straw berries for desert .
dill managed to cram a surprising amount of that information into his introduction , and after a few minutes ' conversation with berry , i learned the rest .
dill entered the sanctuary from the same door , accompanied by berry , who grinned at me .
` ` excuse me , '' i told berry and strolled over .
` ` hmmm , '' i said thoughtfully , ` ` berry is awful cute ... .nd he has his own farm .
her hair smells like lilacs and berries .
the lilacs and berries are still there , and you worry that your eyes will well up .
` ` i do n't want your berry beer anyway . ''
lo wraps a hand around his new berry beer .
she stabbed at the bowl of cereal again , watching the crunch berries in her bowl drift to the edges .
vegetables done , she cruised over to the fruit section , where she loaded the cart with all kinds of different berries for ryder , along with apples , oranges , and pears .
thanks , cherry berry .
he opened the bag to reveal packages of beef jerky , corn nuts , doritos , combos , sunflower seeds , sour berries , honey mustard pretzels , reese 's pieces , a few cans of red bull , and a banana .
i reached in and snatched it out , along with the sour berries and a can of red bull .
he asked sweetly , showing me the carton of berries he had found in the fridge .
squinting my eyes , i wondered for a second if maybe it was halle berry ?
the woman , who could have easily doubled for halle berry , nodded warmly at her recruits .
almost every table needed bussed and cleaned since tonight 's florentine and triple berry crepes were a favorite , so i pulled my hair back into a ponytail and slid my promise ring off and put it into my pocket .
` ` i have to get back to my little cousin , '' she hadfinally said , and now as an adult looking back , it was quite remarkable that he had let her , standing in the doorway and watching her make the trek back to her house , where she had walked past darla , who was now openly fishing handfuls of cereal out of the box , picking out the red berries and eating them while throwing back the rest .
it 's white cake with caramel sauce and berries sprinkled on top , the sticky sweet smell making me breathe deep , a little smile on my face .
i had n't worn it because it did n't make sense for a wedding , but as it stretched across his hands , drooping between them , the encrusted berries on either side swinging and sparkling in blue and green , i wanted it around my neck .
if it took a long time , we 'd find berries .
i finished with the banana , threw the peel in the bin under the sink and started to rinse the berries .
i turned off the tap and shook the berries in their plastic container , the water leaking out .
` ` yes , cool , '' i said and opened my eyes then turned to my bowl , dumping some berries in and setting the rest in the container aside .
i poured granola on my berries then set the box down and answered , ` ` i moved to england permanently because of him . ''
trudy came back , took our orders ( lucky for max , they had yogurt but no berries ) and walked away but when she did a woman approached .
walker had a feeling lexie berry was not going to do that .
i handed the clerk my card , filled out the registration form , took my card back and the clerk handed walker our little envelope with its keycards , wisely not noting that my credit card said alexa berry and not alexa walker .
lexie walker stared at the note thinking that alexa berry ... strike that .
` ` last coupla days , got a lot of info on alexa berry . ''
i stared at him as he pulled the stems off of the ( unwashed ) berries and started to add them to the banana .
` ` figure , '' pena ended their silence , ` ` you know i got an interest in alexa berry . ''
` ` told you , got an interest in alexa berry . ''
` ` way i see it , ai n't no single body on this earth ever did alexa berry no favors , '' ella returned .
she was standing at the stove as lexie added berries to the pot .
picking up another berry , frederick stared over at ashley .
her lips were plump and red and sweeter than any berry had ever been .
he had some berries he shared with me and then told me a secret , '' he says quietly as he sets down his teacup .
spending our days searching for berries and floating aimlessly on the lily pads in the pond .
carnegie is there , and we go hunting for berries .
some berries give us special powers , and some are just delicious to eat .
one bite of their berry and cheese crepe and all was forgiven .
the countertop was lined with glass mixing bowls filled with assortments of food : flour , eggs , and a kaleidoscope of berries .
` ` so are mushrooms , '' i muttered , ` ` and cactus berries . ''
emily picked at what appeared to be leaves and berries sprouting from her entre , and then sat her fork gently on the side of her plate .
the path leading to the cottage was scattered with hawthorn berries , their burst orange skins staining the paving stones .
i was on my second mimosa when barbara came back with a giant cake , homemade whipped cream , and a bowl of mixed berries .
she might have found the berries , but the cheese and bread required barter .
the underbrush in this part of the woods grew thicker , the berries and ferns choked right up to the base of the trees , and everywhere they had to step over fallen limbs and twigs .
and by the time satina stumbled back into the courtyard , only half the red scratches on her face and limbs were from the berry juice paint .
they ate the same berries that made me sick .
she picked up a juicy strawberry and dipped it slowly in the cream , then using just two fingers , she brought the berry to her lips and sucked the cream off it slowly .
he gave her a wicked smile and dipped a berry in the cream , but instead of bringing it to her mouth , he ran it over her bare shoulder , then ran his mouth over the trail of cream and berry juice it left on her skin .
he gave her a wicked smile and dipped a berry in the cream , but instead of bringing it to her mouth , he ran it over her bare shoulder , then ran his mouth over the trail of cream and berry juice it left on her skin .
she nervously watched as he took another berry with cream and ran a trail down between her breasts , down her flat stomach , swirling it once around her belly button , stopping just above her shorts .
he held the berry over her mouth until she bit into it and licked the juices off her lips .
he reached over and took another berry and this time , ran it lightly over her pink lips .
so beautiful , he said just before he nibbled on her lips and ran his tongue up and down where he had been rolling the berry around just a second before .
come an eat dese nuts an berries i done foun fo you .
hungrily , she grabbed a berry and stuffed the sweet , plump , juiciness into her mouth .
she found the berries much to her liking , the same with the nuts .
this , combined with an abundance of fruits , nuts , and berries , proved to be most satisfying to their appetites .
i already poured some berry mineral water for you , unless you want something else to drink .
the handwriting was made using ink from crushed berries , i would guess , and the writing instrument must have been a feather quill .
fall into winter , that s when the clusters of white berries came .
he opened two buttons and pulled out a trio of wilting branches with clumps of white berries , tied with a red bow .
slept in fields , ate roots and berries when i could find them .
beya was the shorter one and sat down while yange stood , investigating the shrubs for edible fruits or berries .
stella came back out of the bathroom , rubbing her hands around each other with a wild berry lotion .
lucinda planted every kind of berry imaginable here .
its like a berry jungle .
she was sure there was some magic berry on the property .
emily found mia in the back yard under the big tree , using a rock to pound up berries in an old metal bucket .
going over to the dressing table , maggie picked up a holly berry that had fallen off the arrangement of winter greenery .
maude was already picking through the pile of berries .
sarah decorated them with lace , ribbon , homemade ornaments , pinecones and berries and then put a candle in the middle after setting them on the fireplace mantles and window sills .
much of the time was spent embellishing it with pieces of ribbon , lace , and berries .
otherwise , its fish and wild berries .
all the berries you could think of .
they eat acorns , insects , carrion , fruit , and berries .
he d lost weight which was nt surprising when the only sustenance one could look forward to was an odd assortment of bitter berries and dried leaves .
she pulled off the cover to reveal a berry pie , heaths favorite .
i hope she likes berry .
hey , it worked for halle berry .
it has an aroma reminiscent of dark berries , cherry preserves , licorice , incense and potpourri .
unlike store bought berries that were shipped from halfway around the world , these were red the whole way through and when she sliced them the scent of fresh strawberry filled the room .
she popped a berry in her mouth and closed her eyes as the sweet tart taste flooded her mouth .
sliding the french toast onto a plate , she topped it with the sliced berries and sprinkled on powdered sugar .
he took an enormous bite of french toast and berries and groaned .
its just the berries .
no use crying over bruised berries .
they d gone to pick some early spring berries they d located on one of the trails .
gary settled on an irish car bomb , nate asked for a coke with lime and i settled on a berry sweetheart .
a coiled snake skin , herbs of various sizes and colors , nuts , berries , bones , and a host of other unidentifiable objects .
i m collecting some berries mother .
i look down and see a basket full of berries i have never seen before .
i pick up my basket of berries and start walking towards my mother .
a wreath with red berries graced her door , mistletoe hung from above her porch steps , and fake snow fuzzed her windows .
he glanced up at a sprig of leaves and holly berries attached to the roof of the cart , then dropped his gaze to marissas .
leaves floated down in front of her face and one berry dropped down the v - neck of her black shirt to lodge in her bra .
familiar leaves and holly berries adorned an elaborately decorated arch .
we topped off our meal by sharing a fresh berry pavlova .
fresh berry pavlova ?
i made us blueberry quesadillas with fresh berries i had picked along the lake the day before .
while i started munching on my berries , melons and grapes , frannie turned her attention towards my hair .
the bakery was known for its delicious tarts in a variety of flavors - strawberry - rhubarb , apple , cherry , chocolate truffle , fresh berry , lemon , plum and pecan .
i smell the scent of a holly - berry fire downstairs maybe that will relax you .
most days the madness of it all weighs on me so heavily i contemplate scouring the forest for berries my father warned me against and filling my belly with them .
the sweet scents of fresh berries drifted in the air .
damien could smell the dew on the pine needles , the bitter berries in the shrubs along the trail .
the smells wafting from the woods were fresh and vibrant ... but underneath the firs and the berries damien could swear he smelled something else .
the lemon pancakes with berries , right ?
` ` think he went out back to say goodbye to jens , '' she said , walking back to the bowl of berries she 'd been rinsing .
the heat rose up my neck so fast and flooded my face i knew i had to look like a red berry .
he ordered champagne and strawberries and they laid on the bed , drinking and nibbling the berries , with the juices running down their bodies .
when she was halfway through her cobbler , he watched as a piece of berry juice dripped out the corner of her mouth and her tongue emerged to lick it as best as she could .
without thinking - he could n't stop himself - he leaned forward and sucked on her lip , the taste of berries and ice cream sweet on his tongue .
fans of ferns climbed up the rocky slope , along with brambles of wild berries , which when ripe would stain the fingers a kind of reddish purple that looked a little like blood .
fox crab - walked another foot away from the pond , then cursed breathlessly when he tore his forearm on berry thorns .
it was almost a perfect circle , ringed by oaks and locus and the bramble of wild berries .
tented linen napkins , tea lights in cobalt rounds , inside a centerpiece of winter berries .
his younger brother , berry , stood there .
` ` hey , berry , '' dane said easily .
` ` berry , '' colt barked , standing up .
as they walked to the back door , she studied the small vegetable garden and the strawberry patch , dotted with succulent red berries .
with mixed berries and ice cream for dessert .
the walls were decorated with intertwined wreaths of holly and ivy , the red berries glowing against the green leaves .
sophie had done her hair - as a favor , now , not as a lady 's maid - and woven small white berries in among the upswept curls .
` ` those are mistletoe berries in your hair , '' he said , his breath ghosting across her cheek .
his mouth was soft against hers , his hands in her hair , scattering white berries across the stone steps .
the door opened , and sophie came in , holding a pale gray hat with trimmings of silver berries .
she has freed herself and gone into the woods for berries and nuts , but it is the darkening season .
it seemed like a lifetime ago that he and his brothers had used clusters of the small berries as ammunition for their homemade slingshots whenever they 'd stolen a few moments away from their father 's eagle eye .
berries , jams , syrups , berry butters , and holly hobbie - type handicrafts .
berries , jams , syrups , berry butters , and holly hobbie - type handicrafts .
only a few short blocks from the historic center of town , this lively market sprang up on a patch of pavement every friday from noon to five : white tent roofs rose above it all like ice - cream peaks ; beneath them , a dazzling , glittering array of fruits and nuts , berries , herbs , vegetables , crafts , and honey .
it smells like lemon and berries under here .
julia laughed as some of the juice from the berry escaped her mouth .
he could smell faint delights of wine and berries on her breath as it brushed across his face .
` ` this is all an elaborate ploy to get you to fondle my twig and berries . ''
sophie bought crisp radicchio , tender butter lettuce , a pint of fresh berries and a jar of honey with the comb , a quarter pound of salted creamy butter and rustic bread whose outer crust was thick and crisp but whose inside promised to be tender and chewy .
i did bring butter and some fresh berries too . ''
` ` you might see some red berries out in the swamp this time of year , but that is not berry red .
after consulting the menu , taryn passed on her orders to a waitress : latte and torte for vi , fresh seasonal berries with a muscat cream and a flat white for her .
about to lean over and collect that flower , taryn tipped back as cake and berries arrived .
she collected her spoon and tasted her berries , but cole did n't take the hint .
golden waffles dusted with powdered sugar and topped with a with mixed - berry compote , fluffy omelets with goat cheese and mushrooms drizzled with truffle oil , thick cuts of ham and a green salad on the side .
when dessert was offered , i opted for a berry torte .
sweet berries burst on my tongue and the flaky pastry was light enough to melt in my mouth .
her br**sts filled his hand , and the berry red of her n**ples tempted him to take them in his mouth and suck hard .
my uncle rufus was brown as a berry and he never had a lick of skin cancer .
he murmured huskily , gently pushing her chemise aside before his head lowered to draw one of those swollen berries into his mouth .
from apple trees that yielded bountiful harvests in september and october to the summer berries to the careful protection of wild blueberries , a hallmark in maine along the miles and miles of trails , over a hundred in all , that dotted the 140 acres of privately owned land .
leaning down to her br**sts , he laved her hard berry n**ples as he slid a hand between them and circled his thumb over her clit .
i picked out one of the dried berries and bit into it .
` ` i 'll send the lads back at once with the berries ye need .
i asked , tipping the ground root bark and berries into a bowl and pouring hot water over them to steep .
i 'll take the beardsley lads , too , so they can fetch back the berries and bits o ' things your mother wants for lizzie , straightaway . ''
i realized that i had been standing still for some moments , staring blankly into a box of yellow nightshade berries , round and shiny as marbles .
it had been scratched into the paper with something like a sharpened stick , using an ink that looked disturbingly like dried blood , though it was more likely berry juice .
it was thicker than the usual , with a soft , glossy texture , and she had mixed berries and tiny leaves into the pulp , so that here and there a small red stain spread like blood beneath the shadow of a leaf 's silhouette .
it was gin , all right - heavily flavored with juniper berries to hide the poor quality , but powerfully alcoholic .
i 'd found a late patch of charlock near the stream , leaves wilting and brown around the edges , and had brought back a handful in my pocket , along with a few juniper berries picked during a stop earlier in the day .
i finished the meal with the juniper berries , biting each one briefly to avoid choking and then swallowing the tough , flattened berry , seed and all .
i was loath to surrender any of my precious supply of rose h*ps and dried berries , but had offered , reluctantly , to make the prince a tea of them .
tasted the salty sweat in the hollow of his throat , smelled the warm muskiness of the hair between his legs , the sweetness of the soft , wide mouth , tasting faintly of dried apple and the bitter tang of juniper berries .
by the time i had finished , my fingers were sticky and pungent with juice , my stomach was comfortably full , and the inside of my mouth felt as though it had been sandpapered , from the tartly acid taste of the berries .
in answer , he bent , plucked a sprig from the ground , and dropped it into my hand - the dark green leaves like small round chinese fans , a pure white flower on a slender stem , and on another a half - ripe berry , its shoulders pale with shade , blushing crimson at the tip .
the season had not yet turned ; it was still late summer , and the air was rich with the sun - roused scents of leaf and berry , but so high in the mountains , the nights turned cold .
as for the daily bread , that had been coming through as dependably as manna , so far ; at this time of year , there was an abundance of ripe nuts , fruits and berries , which i collected as industriously as any squirrel .
last i knew , i was pushing my way uphill through a wee thicket ; i remember pricking my hand on a hollybush and thinking the blood drops looked just like the berries .
the hand that took mine was slender , with long , tapering white fingers , though i noticed the tips were stained , probably with the juices of the plants and berries resting alongside the mallow roots in her basket .
springing to my feet in agitation , i paced around the small clearing , fallen rowan berries crunching under my feet .
rowan berries , a specific against witchcraft .
we had been traveling for the best part of a week , sleeping out - of - doors , washing in the cold , fresh water of the burns , and living quite well off such rabbits and fish as jamie could catch , and such edible plants and berries as i could find .
i paused to pull off a few of the fragrant berries , and crushed one with my thumbnail , enjoying the sharp , clean scent .
her hair smelt of woodsmoke and the sharp , clear tang of juniper berries .
the rest of the berries had been carefully dried , along with the wild grapes , or made up into jam or preserve , and were presently hidden in the pantry , safe - i hoped - from childish depredations .
i could n't recall for sure when that brouhaha and its subsequent events were due to occur , but had an obscure feeling that i ought to seize every opportunity of drinking tea while it was still obtainable , in hopes of saturating my tissues - like a bear tucking into the grubs and berries in anticipation of winter .
a jar of dried red wintergreen berries .
` ` i do n't use them for the candles themselves , though one can - but it does take such a tremendous quantity of the berries , near eight pound to get only a pound of the wax , imagine !
see the little berries ?
i had put jemmy down again , and was idly contemplating whether there might be any use for the berry - pulp , once the myrtle berries were boiled to render the wax , when i heard the soft crunch of footsteps on the other side of the bush i was picking from .
i had put jemmy down again , and was idly contemplating whether there might be any use for the berry - pulp , once the myrtle berries were boiled to render the wax , when i heard the soft crunch of footsteps on the other side of the bush i was picking from .
paralysis disappearing in a heartbeat , i grabbed him up , and backed away several steps , knocking over the half - filled bucket of myrtle berries .
it was damp inside , with a scattering of the blue - white waxy berries stuck to the wood .
leif sat down a tray filled with donuts , berries , cream , bagels , cream cheese , and bacon before answering me .
warning bells went off in my head and i quickly set the drink down and reached for the bowl of berries .
she bit into the delicate flesh , the sweetness of the berry exploding in her mouth .
logan popped the rest of the berry into his mouth and melody pulled him to her , arms around his neck , echoing the path his tongue had traced , over his lips , tasting the sweetness of the strawberry , before he opened his lips to her .
for dessert they enjoyed berry crumble and cream .
they did n't have any berries , but the thick clusters of sharp , pointed leaves scratched where my skin was exposed .
bjorn handed her a generous portion of fish , bread and berries .
gunnar spat out the word like a bitter berry .
he 's not bad looking , and he seems to be a nice guy , but tell me , do you honestly see yourself picking berries out in the wilderness in order to survive ? ''
the berries werefull and ripeand juicy - looking , and heimmediately felt his mouth water in anticipationof eating them .
they rolled over his tongue like berries and were just as sweet .
it had been eating berries off an otherwise scraggly and bare tree .
kelly , who rarely ate sweets , could not stop eating the homemade vanilla , strawberry and pistachio ice cream topped with nuts , whipped cream and fresh berries .
she wondered , looking up at his hair that was so many colors : dark like garnet and bright like holly berries , threaded with gold in the sunshine .
her pink tongue peeked out from her lush , berry lips .
` ` berries ?
we had live garlands and berries on our mantel and three stockings monogrammed with the letter f hung by the fireplace .
it was tangy and tart with notes of berry .
the inside could hold a lot of berries .
it was n't hard to find berries .
the lower hillside and opposite bank of the santa paula had been thick with people going after the berries , but she 'd gone farther up to the willows because she knew more berries grew there .
the lower hillside and opposite bank of the santa paula had been thick with people going after the berries , but she 'd gone farther up to the willows because she knew more berries grew there .
there were a lot more berries to collect .
he swore a lot , and yanked the berries off rather than plucking .
making an ownership argument out of a public berry bush was beneath her , so she merely bent , opened her rug , and sat down .
on that , he headed down the hillside with an easygoing stride , that pillowcase of his all knobby and filled to plumpness with berries .
bright red berries !
and with each bounce , a sprinkle of berries fell through a hole on the bottom of his sack .
she quickly crouched down , scooped up the berries , and dumped them into her hamper .
working with nimble fingers , she alternated her gaze between the strewn berries and john 's retreating silhouette .
he might find the berries .
with his motion , isabel was peppered with berries .
as soon as she felt it safe to move , she foraged the hillside for the berries that had scattered ; then she resumed her clean sweep of the path .
all the way down the hill , isabel picked up john 's fallen berries and claimed them for her own .
twenty - five berries for the liquor . ''
all drinks are to be paid for with berries , at a predetermined price set by the barkeep .
i ca n't go out and scour the countryside for berries .
some men just wo n't give up their liquor and they'l pay top berry to get a shot . ''
` ` saul , i ' ve got some berries at home .
no berry credit . ''
` ` duster , can you loan me twenty - five berries ? ''
never carry extra money or berries on me .
and he had berries , too .
crazy isabel had stolen the berries he 'd picked .
john figured that out when he got back into town early that morning , dropped his pillowcase on the bed , and stepped on a few berries at his feet .
seeing as he had the berries at his place -- a small bungalow off grove -- he could walk home , get them , and sit in the republic for a while and think up a plan for going after more berries .
seeing as he had the berries at his place -- a small bungalow off grove -- he could walk home , get them , and sit in the republic for a while and think up a plan for going after more berries .
she 'd encountered parties of berry pickers on the town side of junipero avenue .
one had its flap open , exposing the hoard of berries inside .
scanning the bushes to see if he 'd left her any berries , isabel vaguely commented , ` ` you are n't ambitious .
very few berries were left .
` ` saw a lot of folks in town with baskets and the like going after the berries . ''
` ` how many berries did she cost you ? ''
john had seen the livery tacking up a big sign out front saying deals would now be made berries on the barrel or no deal at all .
` ` she did n't cost me any berries .
i wanted a pretty piebald mare , but the livery said she was two hundred and forty - eight berries for a day 's use .
` ` well , i did n't have to give up a single berry for her , so she 's good enough for me . ''
` ` collect the berries together , then split the prize money down the middle .
` ` where do we keep the berries ? ''
she 'd no sooner have him hold the berries than he would her .
the possibility of discovery was even stronger out in the open without being guarded -- not to mention that berries should n't be in the heat a dark cool place was best -- like beneath the floorboards of his bungalow___or the inside of a cabin -- where they would be behind a locked door .
` ` shoot me and take the berries for your own . ''
they 'd gathered a good share of berries , having dodged a group to the south by riding west several miles , then doubling back in the higher country and heading for the glen undetected .
when she asked him how he 'd managed to get the horse when he 'd given her all the berries , he would n't tell her .
for a few flickering seconds , she wondered if he 'd held out on her ... if he 'd kept some berries for his own vices .
she knew that nearly all the businesses in town were now taking only berries as payment .
` ` but we have n't picked all the berries .
` ` it 's not the berries on the bushes i ' m worried about .
he had a good mind to go swimming as soon as whoever the rider was had either passed this way and left , or got his fill of berries .
john kept his gaze fixed on newt , who was in a hurry to pluck berries and throw them in a burlap sack .
john bellied up to the polished bar at the california republic saloon and spilled twenty - five berries on the counter .
he had every right to these berries .
twenty - five berries .
but tequila 's gone up to fifty berries .
motioning to the sign , saul read , ` ` all drinks are to be paid for with berries , at a predetermined price set by the barkeep . ''
with quiet emphasis , saul explained , ` ` beer 's thirty berries . ''
` ` but i only have twenty - five berries ! ''
he did n't know exactly who , but somewhere , somebody , was thinking this was a hell of a funny one to pull over on john wolcott -- shut off the tap to his liquor by decreasing the value of berries .
` ` i hope you ' ve all been busy gathering berries . ''
all that will be left to hang on christmas eve will be the berry strings . ''
we 'll keep collecting the berries . ''
he did n't want anyone giving them a run for the berries , so he trotted up to isabel .
whoever else was on the berry chase was n't that far away .
it 's just that there are n't any bushes left around limonero that have berries .
when he and isabel rode out the main street , shop windows had been painted with signs offering a penny for every berry brought into the store .
the mercantile had upped their payment to two cents for every berry .
he was n't about to get shot over berries .
but a spool of thread is fifteen berries and i was tapped out . ''
she sat in the shade on the porch of her house , counting berries and putting them into burlap bags , lying off the tops of each with string , she stacked them against the house .
they had just over forty - eight hours left to collect berries and he wanted to know how they stood .
then , plop , the last berry went into the bag .
a bowl loaded with berries sat in her lap .
no doubt the piebald was back to limonero by now -- with its panniers empty of berries .
picking berries in near - dark was n't a picnic .
her tone was low when she said , ` ` but we do n't have any berries to pay for this ... '' ` ` they do n't take berries here .
her tone was low when she said , ` ` but we do n't have any berries to pay for this ... '' ` ` they do n't take berries here .
` ` isabel ... we can collect berries and then ride back to town .
they 'd returned to town that afternoon with holly berries in the baskets on his horse -- but not nearly as many as they could have collected if they had n't spent the night in each other 's arms .
everyone had turned in their berries and he 'd taken all the bundles , baskets , and sacks inside to have ` ` mother '' count and string them .
i saw the chaos that the contest created : berries being used as commodities ; brother pitted against brother , friend opposing friend . ''
` ` drinkers going drinkless because berries could n't buy liquor .
the only thing remaining was the tree in the yard , all decked out with holly berries .
he turned restlessly once again and closed his eyes , but all he could see was that face , eyes green like new grass , mouth ripe as mountain berries ... cale groaned and turned over again , knowing that this was a night that was not likely to pass quickly .
he 'd kill to work his mouth from the lush heat of her lips , down that silken throat , to the sweet treats of her berry n**ples , over the sleek plain of her abdomen ... all the way down to her wet , clenching little p**sy he knew would be like ambrosia .
proud of her calm , dazzled by her show of absolute trust , he kissed her mouth lightly , savoring the flavor of her hot tension and bee - stung berry lips .
luc had bought four cartons of the berries and handpicked a mere few for the confection .
the pretty berry n**ples , his .
he followed with a buttery piece of toast , then a few spoonfuls of the yogurt and berry mix .
luc set the berry in her mouth , chocolate first .
knowing he 'd been the first man to kiss the soft curve of her neck , feel the pink berry nipple against his tongue , lap up the flavor of her sweet cream , and hear the startled cry of her first orgasm ...
and when the other man bent to tongue one of the berry tips , he tilted her head back and captured her next gasp with his kiss .
a pile of mangled roots and berries lay in the small clearing , and the mated pair lay sprawled against each other near the pile of what was essentially garbage .
they woke up slowly , groggily , as if some of the berries they 'd consumed had been fermented .
here and there red holly berries peeked through the snow , framed by glossy green leaves .
the tables are full of berries to be turned into jam ; onions , mushrooms , potatoes , and garlic to be put in the cellar ; cucumbers to be pickled ; and beans to be canned in brine .
collected from coffee berries that cats eat and then excrete . ''
her own glass full of love is perched in front of her , a bunch of berry - flavored nonsense covered in more berries , with whipped cream on top .
her own glass full of love is perched in front of her , a bunch of berry - flavored nonsense covered in more berries , with whipped cream on top .
she shifts uncomfortably in her seat , spooning the perfect ratio of whipped cream , berry ice cream , and fresh berries onto a spoon .
leaning on one elbow , he reached for another berry .
as if to hammer home their differences , she finally decided on a frilly little pastry cup filled with berries and whipped cream and transferred it to her plate with a pair of dainty little silver tongs .
did violet really have sex with sebastian on the roller coaster at knott 's berry farm ?
just when summer was starting to relax , however , and they were finishing up lunch over fresh berries and cream , patrick nodded at her hand and said , ` ` what happened to your sparkler ? ''
poisonous berries ?
walking to the table , she picked up one of the juicy red berries and took a bite , the sweet fruit squirting into her mouth .
she managed to finish her glass in between bites of berry .
her dad loved feeding the birds and squirrels , and they 'd all had so much fun threading mountains of popcorn and berries .