when she did , his eyes fixed on the hard , dark pink berries of her nipples as she moved on top of him like a sleek , sinuous cat .
her nipples looked like large , pebbled red berries capping her white , thrusting breasts .
` ` they beg me to taste them , blood stiffening them until they 're like little berries .
moving like a shadow , silent as death , lothaire placed his sword against kristoff 's neck , ` ` hello , brother ... ... '' prologue deep within the alps , mortal realm roughly five centuries ago crawling along a meadow on her hands and knees , lanthe scoured the grass for berries or dandelions - anything to dull her hunger pangs as her stomach seemed to gnaw on itself .
etta 's verdict was that nothing razzed that kid 's berries .
gloved fingers reached forward to pick out a berry .
whether they were tipped by little pink berries or darker rosebuds .
her ni**les were pink and hard as he remembered , little berries he planned to sample over and over again before the night was over .
her ni**les were pink little berries made for his tongue .
` ` bombs , poison berries , ice caves , '' william said .
her br**sts were small , her ni**les pink as berries and beaded deliciously .
your ni**les are like berries .
their panes glow in the starlight , obscuring the treasures i imagine to be inside them , small plants with berries dangling from their branches , rows of potato plants buried in the earth .
she sat back and took the berry from his hand .
is it the kind of place where girls who smell like berries could go missing ?
succulent berries .
tilting her head to the side , she scrutinized the berry from another angle .
like fresh mint and warm berries .
cypress trees and olive trees and palm trees and mystery trees with plump red berries .
i ' m going to say that we should stay away from berries .
i do not have the strength to pluck answers from him like meager berries from a thorny bush .
so while most people bar their doors and shut their windows tight , we have cause for celebration and go traipsing through the wood , gathering the sacred yew branches and collecting holly with its bright red berries that remind us of the three drops of blood spilled when mortain was pierced by love and arduinna 's own arrow .
it 's too early for berries , so we 're going to have to hunt . ''
they were a species she 'd never seen , with dark green needles , somewhat like pine , but the trees were studded with bloodred berries .
eric slid his tongue over her clit , licking the little berry to life .
he filled his himself with her goodness , teasing her tight berry until she was squirming , lifting her hips from the bed .
he wanted to rub the sweet berry between her legs and make her wet , he wanted to drive into her until he released , and then he wanted to do it all over again .
he parted them , kissed the soft skin on the inside of either leg , then fastened his mouth over her tight little berry .
juliana bucked against elliot 's hand , and he closed his palm over the berry that was tightening with her need .
her little berry firmed as he breathed on it .
` ` i 'll have two eggs scrambled dry , whole wheat toast with peanut butter , a cup of berries , and a coffee , please . ''
then he lowered the berry to her nipple .
she asked , twirling the ripe , red berry between two fingers .
` ` yews are poisonous , especially the seeds of the berries . ''
if she got the birdcall signal from jonathan indicating that the drug dealers were moving back to the boat , her job was to shoot a series of hard berries into the leaves below the lookout tree so candi would know to tie the white strip to the tree for kevin to see .
her nipple pressed against his tongue , a ripe berry , one that he wanted to savor all night long .
` ` i have it on good authority that it takes a special kind of soil for those berries , '' i said .
` ` otherwise , kifirin is the only world i know that has the right kind of ground to grow the berries . ''
i nearly choked on my berries .
he smiled , sat down beside me , and plucked one of the tiny berries from the palm of my hand .
his eyes zeroed in on my mouth as the berry was suspended precariously between my teeth .
sinking my teeth fully into the berry , bursts of sweet juice combined with the flavor of the bitter dark chocolate and caused a low moan to emanate in the back of my throat .
it was tricky getting from the horizontal tunnel to the vertical with berry finally in the kneeling position on top of the drum , ready to press the ignition button .
in the shade of the pear tree forest coffee bushes ran wild , growing clusters of red berries in a dense thicket and attracting flocks of very loud yellow and green canaries .
okay , how about we rest over there by those big flat rocks , i say and point to a pair of stones that jut from the earth and are surrounded by bushes dotted with plump , yellowish - red berries .
they passed by smooth , ash - gray trees with branches weighed down by heavy amber berries .
arthur pushed a hole in this ground and placed the berry there .
to his dismay , he saw the soil in the pots had worms inside which were slowly but surely pilfering his berries .
he looked at his berries .
* * * * chapter 14 moon flower- the flower of the lady a poisonous plant , with berries , purple flowers , every part is quite toxic , but has been used in medicines to deaden pain .
but they look like berries from our world . ''
those of larbys people distributed the beverage they made from the berries of the giant kelp plant .
the second i dropped the berries to the ground to grasp my chest , my heart had resumed its normal gallop .
she was holding a tray out to me with one brilliantly red berry in the center .
i paused at my alarm system , which i d designed myself , and punched in the code which would allow real firefighters and berries to get in without injury .
they are black because the opian leaves within them are black , and because they are flavored with black berries .
and your anguished hope of heaven , once a parched and withered thing , will be branches red with berries in the country of the king .
the berries back in toage were all pink with a black core , but i have never seen a blue berry with a center the color of entara fur .
` ` you do n't need to eat as much as me , but you need to eat more than a cup of berries and a half slice of toast , '' he stated looking at her breakfast .
kev jerked awake and sat up in bed , to find the walls and ceiling of his unadorned bedroom hung with living green tree boughs gleaming with glistening berries .
no leaves , no berries .
finished with my sandwich , i grab my spoon and dig into my berries and cream dessert .
` ` now i know i ' m going to ask elle to check out my berries .
i needed berries from the chaste tree for darlene and it only made sense that the destiny greenhouses would contain at least one of every kind of tree with food or medicinal potential .
if i was lucky enough to flush a pheasant , perhaps i could bring it down with my revolver and have something more substantial than berries for dinner .
he then fed the bird large , blue , berries , the size of golf balls , from a satchel that he carried around his neck .
when they landed ablelec and zethec quickly fed them the golf ball sized berries and secured them for flight .
he could go back to his nomadic ogre group and try to explain why he had nt stomped on the skunk before it peed on him , or he could find some mud ( fairly easy to do ; it was usually by streams and rivers , and one was nearby ) and look for some of those red berries to spread all over his body .
umfarg moved toward the berries , which were right beside the human with the pointy thing , and fully expecting the human to let him have the berries .
umfarg moved toward the berries , which were right beside the human with the pointy thing , and fully expecting the human to let him have the berries .
peeking out from under the leaves were what looked at first glance to be shiny blue - black berries , but which duaal knew to be the alien 's many eyes .
it had been loaded with yellow berries and beside it , i had seen a plant with tubers coming up from the ground , much like potatoes .
he ran desperately along the crease toward the trees and then , to reach them more quickly , he turned left and hurtled up and over a low dome , treading through brown and dying fernlike overgrowth , including thorny sprigs with bright red berries .
the new teacher , a short , young - looking man wearing a khaki shirt and work pants , nervously cleared his throat and said , ` ` yes , i am familiar with chemicals and plants and animal - life , especially whatever is found out in the woods such as berries and mushrooms . ''
` ` the berries are harmless .
the berries are working on both of us , i see . ''
see thy nipples , such perfect berries they are , see thy prick and thy balls as smooth as new peaches ! ''
he watched her moving lightly as a bird , her blue eyes bright as polished berries .
lou spoke distractedly , her gaze moving to where scott was sitting , dwarfed in a shadowy corner of the back seat , the carnival glare splashed across his pale cheek , his eye like a tiny , dark berry , his mouth a pencil gash .
the night was clear and cold , and the sky was hung with stars that seemed so bright and close i felt as if i could have reached out my arm and gathered them , like berries .
` ` it does n't seem to drop any berries or fruit or seeds of any kind , '' durnik observed , examining the ground beneath the spreading branches .
just not in the mood to see the old twig and berries right now , shrunken or otherwise . ''
just past midday she came upon a bush growing by the stream , its twisted limbs covered with hard green berries .
while the servant worked , levana eyed the dish of bright - colored fruits : a soft - fuzzed peach set into a halo of black and red berries , all dusted with powdered sugar .
the red berries were certain , sudden , glittering and confident in ways the spirits had not been .
red berries glinted like beetles eyes from the trees depthsblood - stars in a withered sky , smooth and soft and beautiful in a terrible way .
stars were scattered like raindrops , like bright berries .
not the berries themselves , but the tiny black seed which they protected inside the red flesh .
tir stared at the scarlet berries as they rolled onto the grey dirt .
arwena , her fur soiled and unkempt , was standing at the foot of a scrubby coniferous tree that was sprinkled with gleaming red berries .
he looked around the frozen clearing , but the only plant to be seen was the hunched form of a dark yew tree , blood - red berries bobbing in the wind .
kodare neck snaps his skull to enclosed wall with the destroyed score board behind the hidden jungle that contains bugs and berries , inquiring .
honeysuckles or the uncommon name honeyberries grow vigorous in the heated sunlight , possess nearly indestructible green leaves , and produce perfectly red round poisonous berries within the massive honeysuckle field currently located at metro city birmingham .
she returns to the paint , brushing back the berry leaves seeing the issue that the lilac bite - nats have been 99 % absorbed into the component of the vine including the honeysuckles flowers , red berries , green leaves , and clay red dirt .
then , rusk visited taffy during their evening mealtime after farm chores at the thelee farm , tagging slowly behind mccamy who lovingly tongue drools over his girl tulu while rusk presented taffy with a hand bouquet of sweet red flowered honeysuckles ( without the poisonous berries ) .like his twin .
thomas saw the squeezed berry in her palm .
not the soft rains that gave life to the berries .
looking up , he saw a bunch of bright purple berries close above .
the berries were growing on a plant that was itself wrapped around a vine .
the wreaths are big and round and plastic ; green plastic holly branches , red plastic holly berries and white blinking lights .
her berries were squashed .
i know they re great for potassium intake and they re berries by technical definition because its a fleshy fruit produced from a single seed , while a strawberry is covered in seeds , so it is nt a berry .
i know they re great for potassium intake and they re berries by technical definition because its a fleshy fruit produced from a single seed , while a strawberry is covered in seeds , so it is nt a berry .
the leaves were the size of frisbees with berries as big as softballs .
he spread a berry on top of an arrow - shaped leaf , cracked one of the nuts and blew into the end of it until a thick substance oozed out .
he grabbed her hand as she reached for a ripe berry .
i moved to the tree trunk that the berries extended from , wrapped my entire body around it , and began slowly sidling up the trunk .
i reached out , but the berries were out of reach .
the claw was so sharp that it took only a few minutes until the branch snapped off and the berries fell to the floor below .
i notice a few purple berries on a low vine on the ground .
lying on a leaf are the sarsaparilla berries we collected last night .
i try to think : what animal makes piles of berries like that ?
there s a bird called a bower bird that s famous for collecting blue things , and the berries are purple , which is almost blue , so maybe that s it .
seconds later he reappears with a handful of sarsaparilla berries .
those with food halfway to their mouths forgot it , and the expressions of those who d been staring , enraptured , at the charismatic tristan puckered as if one of their sweet berries had revealed a horribly sour center .
if there s no light , it will be nuts and berries , i lectured , shaking my index finger at him .
apparently , corpse berries are my best bet .
its bark has natural pain killers , the berries are healthy and tasty , and my cousin rick showed me once something else that s useful .
` ` it 's brewed from the leaves and berries of a bush that grows in the vale , '' allan answered .
the birds descended on clusters of pink berries on some trees , on the leaves of others , and even on the living surface of the beetle - bark tree .
the chernika berries are so big there and we thought it would be okay ... '' rall said .
his eyes bulge , as white as mistletoe berries in his terror .
he sits here proudly , his eyes round as dark berries , taking in everything , missing nothing .
soon , the only light came through the window , as silvery as an eerie moonlight , the white mistletoe berries strewn around the frame glittering like small planets .
the eyes behind the visor are dark , penetrating , as round and small as poison berries .
chapter 37 - juniper berries what are those trees up there ?
look at these purple berries from these trees and the little beige and brown nuts i found on the ground .
the purple berries from the tree are the size of green peas .
she breaks one open and inside the berry is one of the beige and brown nuts that looks like a little acorn .
as he came closer , passing it on the street , he could see the swirling berries and cherries of the ypd vehicles .
lost in the joy of words and laughter that rambled effortlessly between them , he forgot the passing of time until the overflowing berries reminded elijah of his regular sunday supper meeting at mcdonalds with peter nower .
one little berry has the vitamin c content of two oranges .
she liked the shade of the chinaberry trees , umbrellas of lacy green leaves that yielded tiny hard berries for the chickens to peck .
dark stobs had taken on the color of the water and reddening tupelo berries floated like fishing corks .
did an acclaimed investigative journalist just use the phrase , old twig and berries ?
i dropped the berries off in the kitchen and noticed it was barely past 12:00pm .
it was like the little engine that could , winding ever upward through forests underlain with shade - grown coffee shrubs , their berries burgeoning but still green .
leaves came off the maples and little purple berries came off the cedars .
an oval one trimmed with translucent green and red berries .
the warmth on his face his mind 's first effort to locate the fisherman 's voice in time and place had been the spotlight , of course , symphonic stan 's spotlight , the pink of ripening berries .
he crosses campus drive and sits down in bright grass in the shade of a juniper , the tangy gin - scented berries of which i can smell even from inside the store .
timing my movements with the beat of the music , i placed three little hot candies to look like berries .
i eagerly ladled berries on top of my waffle , looking up when i realized trent was watching me .
her n**ples tightened into stiff little berries .
if shethought about humans full of blood like berries , theygrew again .
when i finished , i anointed each berry with a drop of the oil and recited , ` ` breath and life . ''
he snapped out of the momentary lust - daze and attacked her breasts , flicking his tongue over the hardened pink berries he found there .
her nipples rubbed his chest , and he released one of her legs to roll a sweet berry between his fingers .
the berries went into the microwave to defrost .
berries , dark chocolate , tangy melon .
the oxberry wine as well - roff could oversee his own winery , with the berries coming from kifirin . ''
i nibble from its poison berries .
the colors of the wyldwood were weird and unnatural ; everything was gray and murky , but then we 'd pass a single tree that was a vivid , poisonous green , or a bush with huge purple berries hanging from the branches .
` ` i ' m glad you 're feeling better , '' he said to kenzie , holding a branch that had several tiny berries hanging among the leaves .
a tree covered with red berries .
red berries ... could it have been a mountain ash ?
i could n't think of one situation where i might be stranded in the wilderness and have to depend on fresh fish and berries to survive .
her eyes narrowed when she saw the leafy branch in his hand , spotted with dark red berries .
she examined the berry .
he watched as she pressed the berry to her lower lip .
unlike the harding photograph or the print that i 'd set on uncle henry 's desk , in this image viviette 's head is crowned not by holly berries but by a wreath of dark flowers .
` ` the loremaster gave me berries that boost your energy .
` ` one must n't overindulge in lumba berries , '' he confided , eyes rolling with pleasure .
` ` lumba berries do not truly nourish .
soon only lumba berries will satisfy , and you blissfully devour them until you starve to death . ''
lumba berries are not the only perilous delicacies here .
` ` oklinder , with a hint of lumba berries . ''
i ca n't see if she stays above water , though , because now the stallion is snorting , seaweed and jelly and bits of coral all spewing from his nostrils around the red berries , and in his drowning and his death throes , it 's taking all my energy to keep from going underwater with him .
thorns and berries grew at its base .
the girl turned her narrow face away as ronan seized the thorns and the berries .
then the flowers were replaced with berries and seed pods and the leaves were yellow , then red .
empusa reached out and snatched deep red berries from my daughter 's hands .
calypso looked up at the iron - grey sky just as the first raindrops fell , heavy as berries .
here it was , not just the skin of night , but also the receptacle for the stars the djinn had plucked from it like berries .
conor could even see more berries growing from the branches at its elbows .
conor stood breathing for a second , thinking about the broken clock , about the scratches on the hardwood , about the poisonous berries dropping from the monster onto his grandma 's clean floor .
the soft ripe berries of a pokeberry bush made a red streak across the back of my hand .
the berries looked ripe but were hard and sour .
slowly she circled me as though i was a bush and she searched for berries , while i stared at her .
only the raspberries berries could be picked because the other plants had only begun to flower .
` ` you may stay with her , but i can start preparing the tonic without the berries until lidia gets back . ''
he hesitated , ` ` what of the poison , the berries you sent the other for ? ''
the berries vanished almost as fast .
you left camp and almost got yourself shot for some stupid little berries !
i think i can use berries and i can help you .
he showed them which plants were best , like the indigo plant that makes a medium blue color , leaves that are green , and berries that make a pink tint .
on down the lane , past the old holly dotted with bright red berries and the bare chestnut trees and still gullivan was nowhere to be seen .
a small roll of aromatic bark and a red rosehip berry completed the composition .
nearby stood a bush bearing little pink berries .
holding it between his fingers , the thought occurred that the berry may very well be poisonous .
he felt much better once he had something more substantial than berries in his stomach .
i study the plant before touching looking for juice before the berry .
raspberries are light reddish colors and blue berries are dark blue kinda purple juice .
he paused to relieve himself beside a small bush that bore clusters of tiny red berries .
a dull fire grew in stanleys belly where the berries coagulated .
the berries had nt even ripenedtoo vegetal , acidic .
she hopped over to the holly bush on one clog and parted the thick growth of waxy leaves , staring down deep into the maze of twisted , chaotic branches and perfectly round berries .
i search the leaves for the fattest berries as i hum to myself .
it takes longer to fish the ripe berries from deep within the bush .
there are flowers that hang like a cluster of golden stars from their stems and berries , one bite of which and the sourest fruit becomes as manna from heaven , for it is your right to see what marvels exist in the world .
he was referring to the berries that grew only a few weeks each year on acillia and bloomed in that short time under the starry nights .
the red branches of the bush were covered in bright blue berries , tiny and iridescent , as though fragments of the sky were trapped inside .
sandra tore into a sprint toward the pond , arms pumping , heedless of the berries flying free of her pouch .
he carefully picked two or three leaves and a couple of its reddish berries to take with him .
anon would have loved to possess a sample of the berry , but the fruit was all poison now .
she loved the bright yellow berries which were as large as walnuts !
in particular , there is a drug called elucida , which is obtained from the berries of a plant that grows around here .
he caressed the hard stems and the solid , thick green leaves , his fingertips gentle against the white berries .
bad news travels fast like berries fermenting on the bush , that sweetness could n't last , of course .
i do n't need to see your twig and berries , though i ' m sure i ' m one of the lucky few . ''
it was huge and ancient , quite unlike its short - lived relatives outside the garden , and its berries were ripening .
trees , he supposed , and nuts and berries .
i roll an unfamiliar berry in my fingers .
i found a new patch of berries a little farther downstream . ''
these are n't rue 's berries , although they resemble them .
how foxface stole the food from the supply pile before i blew it up , how she tried to take enough to stay alive but not enough that anyone would notice it , how she would n't question the safety of berries we were preparing to eat ourselves .
i spread out my fingers , and the dark berries glisten in the sun .
` ` a problem that began the moment you pulled out those poisonous berries in the arena . ''
` ` it must be very fragile , if a handful of berries can bring it down . ''
if my holding out those berries was an act of temporary insanity , then these people will embrace insanity , too .
and again and again when i held out those berries that meant different things to different people .
i stared at the rowan tree , more perfect than any real one could be , its orange - colored berries bright against green leaves swaying in the breeze .
their dark leaves shone and their berries glowed red in the light of the rising sun .
and these trees grew and grew , till the shadow of each was like a green hall , and their red berries in the autumn were a burden , and a beauty and a wonder .
he made his way gingerly towards the coast . , but before he reached it he passed some bushes which carried a rich crop of oval green berries , about three times the size oandpound ; almonds .
every now and then one struck a berry which had a bright red centre : and these were so savoury , so memorable among a thousand tastes , that he would have begun to look for them and to feed on them only , but that he was once more forbidden by that same inner adviser which had already spoken to him twice since he came to perelandra .
they find roots and berries and things . ''
a touch found the white berries .
across her small breasts was a faint spray of freckles , and her nipples were red and hard as little berries .
the world contracted down - compressed like berries squeezed for their juice - into something smaller and easier to see from up close .
it was everywhere , with sharp dark glistening leaves and bright red berries , nestled into the garland around the fireplaces , the doorways , and the windows .
but morales stopped next to a plant bearing bright red berries .
a thicket of blackthorn , the berries just barely beginning to form .
the red berries looked inviting , but he knew they would taste awful .
stood up on unsteady legs and thought of berries .
her clothes were plain but her face and black hair shone with health and her eyes gleamed like berries after rain .
he had barely turned the leaf to forty , but like the juniper bushes in winter that remained green throughout its season and still produced wine colored berries , despite the frost layered heavy along its edges , so had the stresses of everyone elses problems crusted about his crown , and seemed to wear him like the thick black cravat beneath the somber woolen jacket .
of the nightshade , the berry , the leaf and the root .
old spurinna had taken them out to the plain , looking for plants , healing and hurtful ; this lot would n't recognise nightshade berries if they saw them , or the signs of a poisoning , come to that .
he 'd managed to figure out how to open the door of the cabin just so he could steal my berries . ''
chapter five rebecca o'malley eyed the ceiling as sofia set an egg crepe and berries on the table in front of her .
i can get you berries from the forest for that i would teach you only the basics of modern language , he said and laughed .
gigantic - sized , tasty berries .
the best tasting berries grew in a 75x75 clearing not far from the cave .
i tried to think about what to say next , but the taste of the raspberries took me back to the salty taste of alastors fingers as he pushed a ripe berry between my lips .
encouraged , she now sighted on a clump of bushes dot - ted with bright red berries .
she was no longer thinking about berries ; all she wanted now was to get out of here in one piece .
she walked toward them , not daring to believe even when she saw the bright red berries - had n't she just told herself that she could see things and hear them if she wanted to badly enough ?
its eyes were like dark , hardened berries , its lips drawn back and frozen in a soundless scream .
a handful of red shirts stood out like berries in a muffin - though ` ` muffin '' did n't quite cover the level of adrenaline - charged readiness .
and , in turn , maia was gracious and shone as the berries of mistletoe glow in the northern winter .
on the near corner a wire fence was festooned with bindweed and woody nightshade ; he stopped to admire the natural conjunction of extravagant white trumpets , probed by butterflies , alongside the much smaller , vivid yellow and purple flowers and waxy red berries of the nightshade .
even berries can put up more of a fight that you d expect .
gentle java is run by disaffected baristas who used to work at nearby rough roast ( see farther down ) ; they re fruitarians who collect only coffee berries that have fallen on the ground it takes about one week for one person traveling through central and south american terrain to find enough berries for one cup of coffeethats why its $ 12 a cup , but also why food critics have knighted gentle javas coffee as the best in the bay area , and possibly anywhere else that might matter as much as the bay areawhich , to them , is basically nowhere ( 341 zocalo st . at eucalypt alley ) .
as i cautiously reviewed my schedule on my black berry the look on my face must have been similar to the expression i must have when booking dentist appointments .
one hollyhock was luring with its low hanging berries .
i took out two more berries from my pocket and put them on the platform .
on my very next following pilgrimage to that banyan tree , the first thing i checked was the two berries which i had put down last time on the platform .
but the vines did n't give up their berries without a fight ; they stabbed and strangled on contact .
we examined the berries and he said , ` ` they 're just a bit green now .
dark blue berries are scattered on the plants .
* * * * * * * * * * table of contents part one : a christmas office party part two : carsons movie begins part three : the animation sequence ( about christmas ) part four : christmas in hosanna hills , ca part five : christmas with tillie harm part six : christmas in a monastery part seven : christmas in a monastery continues part eight : christmas ends also : contact biography additional art additional work breakfast first , then alpha centauri * * * * * the holly bears a blossom as white as lily flower , and mary bore sweet jesus christ to be our sweet saviour the holly bears a berry as red as any blood , and mary bore sweet jesus christ to do poor sinners good .
the flaps part and we enter , finding the peace of a winter forest , ripening with poisonous red berries .
reclining like the venus durbino , he becomes the center of the pagan solstice celebration as cardinals and other birds land on him and peck at the mistletoe berries .
the sun was shielded out by the thickets of branches and newly green buds with small pinkish flowers popping out around bunched up lavender berries .
` ` those fruity clumps scattered among the leaves are berries .
he had forgotten to bring a flashlight , but the moon was bright , and he relieved himself behind a clump of evergreen bushes with bright red berries that phyllis had identified earlier as a rare mountain variety of wild cranberry that only grew in western massachusetts and southern new hampshire .
rose reached over and picked a berry from a nearby bush and held it up .
all of us in the class cast our eyes down , into the dusty corners of the room , to the labels on the back of the folding chairs , to the weird darkening backyard with its abandoned swing set , the patio walls thick with pyracanthus berries , and near the weird shaking eucalyptus trees , a transplanted saguaro standing awkwardly in the yard , about as awkwardly as us in a confirmation class .
... all the boys are in collective capture and rapture , for lily is gossamer lace upon her shoulders , sinuous shawl gliding , revealing the faintest of pearl - dew upon her breasts , holding her , cupping her , every man feeling his hands cupping her , and they float away as she turns and the amazement of her breasts is not that they are exceptionally beautiful or distinctly physical but that they are gifts - delicate : intricate , elegant : fragile lace : hand - crochet : falling like sun - shower snow , a slight fluttering fall ; breasts are her name - sake flower , ivory petals : belles with roseate berries : blossoms all of a sudden , no longer captive , yet only free because each boy is shouting her name , lily !
almost idly she flicked the berries , with chocolate still clinging to them , onto the bodice of that icy pink dress .
ripe berries shone moist and bright among tangled thorns , casting an enticing perfume .
the berries disappeared first , then the fruits , followed soon by the leaves and shoots .
robert walked away abruptly , and left lee standing in the hallway chapter 5 berry looked up from the terminal .
he would wait until 1:00 or 2:00 to assure that mike was up ... at 9:00 berry shut off the tv and dialed the 7 digits that might give him answers to some questions ... questions that had been nagging at him ever since he received that call .
he was n't supposed to call until friday , but berry could n't wait till then ... dialing muffin 's cell phone berry hoped he could catch him ... maybe he 's in his car ... he might have found out something by now ... hello , muffin , its berry .
the effect had been the same for both ... berry , that was amazing ... she shoveled it in , and forced it down ... and then left before you could object ... yeaw , you re right mike she has a way of putting things that does nt give you much room to disagree as berry swung his legs into the limo , the driver shut the door behind him ... berry was deep in thought ...
as the wind rocked the branches and fluttered the leaves berry could imagine a living force inside the old tree ... a wise old creature that had seen all that had happened throughout the years ... in his mind he pretended that it was an old friend that knew him well ... he could imagine it beckoning to him to come closer ... the branches waving to him , motioning with their leaves ... to come over there and listen to secrets of time past and mysteries long hidden from human eyes ... life held a wonder within its living ... he always knew that it was special to be alive and have a soul ... and he regarded life as a precious gift not to be wasted ... through all lifes troubles , stress , and struggles , it was moments like these that he knew he was truly alive ... as the light from the street lamp struck small drops of dew that had formed in the grass he watched as a curious speculate of color burst forth from each droplet ... moving across the ground his eye could catch the sparkle of light that the water reflected ... acting as a prism , the colors would change from blue to red to yellow to green and white as his position changed ... that made his heart dance with the joy of a beautify discovery ... it was wonderful to be alive ... even if he did nt have all the answers ...
as the two men slipped through the doorway berry knew his mind was racing on too many things right now to be of any real help to dave , but using his best straight forward approach he summed up his feelings well dave , it looks like a professional hit to me .
the numbers on the clock were shouting out the time but berry was immersed in thought and was nt paying them any attention this time on purpose he was wondering if he should try to find william parks and talk to him or just go directly to senator taylor and see if he could get in to see him .
it appeared that there were some real heavies involved , both politically and academically , but what bothered berry is that when these types were involved , it meant that there s was usually a money person behind all the activity and he had nt discovered who that was yet if there was a big money person involved which there usually was .
ok , sounds like it might be a good idea ... berry really did nt like the idea of getting dave involved , but it appeared that he was already involved to a degree officially , and maybe together they could tie up some loose ends that berry needed to finish his case .
reaching in the elevator berry turned the run switch to the off position and flipped open his cell phone dave , how much trouble would it be ... and how long will it take to get someone up to the hospital to take fingerprints off of elevator buttons ?
returning to daves office berry spoke his mind .
as the chief left the office dave could nt help thinking that berry was right chief dobbin was nt such a bad guy after all he just wanted to see the city cleaned up like every other law abiding citizen only he was in a position to do something about it and he wanted results .
berry carried his chair over to the door and reconnected the camera before they both left the room chapter 28 berry was in his element .
berry left the department and headed out to gather his new evidence chapter 31 berry was heading over to the hospital to see lee .
dave i have that evidence we needed a witness yes a real live witness i need some good protection over here at the hospital for at least two days this needs to be a real tight operation we ca nt afford a slip up berry looked over at lee i believe this may be the key to bring the entire organization down he felt a shiver go up his neck those were almost the exact words he had heard over the phone back when the case began just before the person who spoke them was killed .
the same grapes can be used for white , but when the grape berries are crushed in the press , we immediately separate the skins and seeds from the free run juice .
i stopped to inspect the vines and clusters of inconspicuous blooms that would soon turn into small , hard , green , acid berries , growing and ripening eventually into plump , hardy grapes .
and saps out in hicksville center think it must be the berries to be a private detective !
eucalyptus berries crackled beneath the cars tires .
the berries of the new caledonian amborella plant .
just keep staring at the perfect red berries .
like champagne and berries and ethan .
we 'd find nice people and berries and walk to the beach .
i pulled out my yogurt and berries .
a plant we cultivated at the facility - a pretty little flower whose berries were poison .
he nuzzled her breasts , sucking in each nipple and drawing hard on the sensitive berry until she was gasping and writhing beneath him .
he slowly rolled his tongue over it , licking the cream off until he nibbled on the plump berry , sucking the juice from her fingers .
their bright white berries caught his eye .
and the wrong season completely for the berries .
dreams made things like that happen snowberries with dazzling white berries in the heat of summer but that was nt real .
and then the blossoms turn into those smooth , white berries .
the clusters of flowers become clusters of berries that stick around well into winter must be where they got their name .
because the berries are white and they re still around in the snow .
i allowed the berries to fall between my fingertips and drop to the ground below .
they 're pink and ripe as little berries . ''
do n't even try and guess what 's in it ; just enjoy the heavenly taste , '' aunt mae said as she placed a warm bowl in front of both of them with sugary berries beneath a perfectly browned crust and vanilla ice cream melting on top .
white berries clung to some arching branches of snowberry bushes .
behind daniel was the verdant edge of a thick , dense rain forest , lush green but bright with berries and white owers that luce had never seen before .
would her n**ples be pink and sweet as sherbet or ripe and rosy as berries ?
he decided seeing was n't quite as good as tasting after all and took her delightful berry in his mouth once more .
she saw her nipples , as red as berries ; then his mouth closed over one , and her eyes closed as her head fell back .
even if your nipples had n't been sticking out like little berries , the delicious jiggle of your breasts when you walked made it obvious you were n't wearing anything under your top .
nor did she care , as the thrill of arousal coursed through her , causing her breast to swell into the heat of his palm as the soft pad of his thumb sought , and unerringly found , and began to caress , the swollen and sensitive berry pressing against the soft material of her gown .
justin raised his head slightly , his movement releasing eleanor 's nipple from his mouth with a softly audible pop as he looked down in satisfaction at the swollen berry .
he looked up into eleanor 's face as he slowly ran his tongue skilfully against that responsive berry , groaning low in his throat as he saw she was looking back at him with fevered eyes , several tendrils of her hair having escaped their confines and falling enticingly about the warmth of her cheeks .
a sharp , astringent smell rose from the berries , slightly bitter .
but the holly bushes gleamed dark green , and the berries had begun to ripen .
an eater of fish , of meat '' -a small finger traced the long , wicked curve of the canine , the flat serrations of molar- '' but a grinder of berries , of grubs .
i finished the meal with the juniper berries , biting each one briefly to avoid choking and then swallowing the tough , flattened berry , seed and all .
the berries were dark red and tiny , about the size of my thumb joint .
one large , blunt finger gently prodded the berry .
his head bent and his mouth fastened on my nipple , swollen as one of the tiny ripe berries .
we forded the brook and wandered up into the foothills , gathering such late summer plants as still lingered , together with the ripening berries of early autumn and the thick yellow shelf fungus that sprouted from the trunks of trees in the small shady glens .
i 'd seen mountain ash many times before ; the highlanders often planted them near cabins or houses because the clusters of deep orange berries and the pinnate leaves did indeed look like the rowan tree of scotland - a close botanical relative .
there was a branch of juniper tacked above the window , heavy with its clouded blue - green berries .
melody leaned forward expectantly , but he held the berry out of her reach .
your wee nipples ha ' gone as hard as berries . ''
licking his lips , he turned his attention backto the fruit , then slid to hiskneesbefore the bushand leaned forward tocatch one ripe berry between his lips .
the tree had rough bark , dark green needles , and red berries .
the image of holly bushes loaded with big scarlet berries pulled at her .
aiming the beam on him , she saw a wide arc of berries fly out of his pillowcase as he swung around .
` ` i had to make up for all the berries that fell out of my sack and somehow got lost . ''
isabel had heard bellamy nicklaus would be stepping onto his porch to announce the arrival of his christmas tree -- the very one the berries were going to decorate .
the refrigerator case was decorated with a plastic swag of evergreen , dotted with tiny red berries .
as much as he enjoyed the hard berries tipping her br**sts , he was dying for a real taste of her .
` ` you feed coffee berries to a cat , collect them out the other end , and people charge hundreds of dollars for the resulting coffee ? ''