` ` no blight this year , thank heaven . ''
because he could read and write and teleport , cadeon was the natural choice to go afield and seek help for the blight on the area 's crops .
i seriously doubt ephemeral has an infestation , or at least not a common blight of the vermin variety .
we 'd settled in the capital city of shillvas and the entire news vid had been about some sort of blight on a few exotic plants and changes in weather patterns .
` ` the sooner i take care of this blight business , the sooner i can come back to isaac and ivy . ''
the blight 's enchantment was too powerful and all - encompassing for me to break or affect on a large scale with my weather magic , but i still had some control over the individual elements .
the blight 's greater spell had been to simply lay wintry weather on the land .
` ` is the yew land responsible for the blight ? ''
varia could have infused them with magic that maintained the blight spell , and then we 'd unknowingly keep them on hand , ignorantly obeying the rules of etiquette .
it needed the power and welcomed my support , but in the blight 's hibernation , the land mostly used my energy to keep its core strong .
when the blight had destroyed most of the food found in the wild , there had been some of that backup to go around and share between both of my kingdoms .
with the blight 's nature , it was hard to say what might happen .
it 's simply taken them time to discover the feast the blight has created for them , and then of course , they 'd actually have to put in the time to spread out and make the journey .
most of it was fruit , but the blight was still too fresh in mind for me to even think about eating any more dried meat .
with the prophecy taking backseat to the blight , i 'd thought isaac and ivy were out of danger , but it seemed , once again , someone wanted to use them against me .
tell them there may be a commotion soon and that we 'll be freeing them from their chains to go take on varia and the blight once and for all .
she probably had multiple people helping set up these defenses , just like with the blight .
she sat up and fixed me with a glare so icy that it was easy to see her as the blight 's creator .
each of those objects represented a kingdom held in thrall by the blight , every single one of those kingdoms suffering as badly as my own .
the fact that she ruled a kingdom implied she possessed considerable magic , but the specifics had been less important in the face of the blight 's greater threat .
the same magic users that had aided varia with the blight were all quick to scramble and seize a piece of her former land .
the blight 's end would n't bring them back to life .
along with the food shortage , we simply had to deal with the aftermath of the blight 's devastation .
it was the first time ( aside from the blight ) that i 'd seen dorian 's land not in the throes of a magical autumn .
areas taken over by the xenofungus and twisted plants were known as blights .
that s how uninfected animals turn they are bitten and become part of the blight .
this was the first blight i d seen on the west coast .
that bunker ended up taking him in , and that man spread the blight sickness to everyone there .
this was the world of the gardeners and even at night , several robed men walked through the greenhouses , carrying lanterns and carefully checking every leaf for signs of blight and delicately pollinating the blooms with small brushes .
there , inside the trunks hollow core just above razum , a brackish red blight with a virulent black core had formed .
he walked until he could see the house , dark like blight in the center of the field .
moments ago the pirates ' speedboat had ground up against a submerged reef , one of the many that gave rise to the name for this section of island : smithson 's blight .
lisa asked , remembering painter 's belief that they might have to scorch those hills to stop the blight from spreading .
woran , do you know what s causing the blight ?
turning over a kernel of corn and putting it in mikes hand , laurie continues , no leaf blight , corn rust , stalk rot , or any bacterial disease that i see .
no pine weevils or blight .
then it goes on to ` ` anti - crop bw agents '' , which they say would be used as economic weapons , as i personally think is the case with the blofeld scheme , and they mention a whole list including potato blight , cereal stem disease , crown rust of oats , curly top disease of sugar beets , block rot of crucifers and potato ring rot , and insects such as the colorado beetle and something called ` ` the giant african land - snail '' , which i somehow do n't think we need worry about .
the blight on the root was faint , indicating the vampire was cunning and much more careful than most .
when he moved the beam away , the blight inside grew , shimmering with dread force .
persistent blight , is n't he ? ''
` ` one day , '' i continued , ` ` the one and the three discovered a blight had infected their ranks .
i did nt know how the parasite had come to the appalachians , but it reminded me of the blight that had destroyed the american chestnut , many years before i first visited the mountains .
this blight that is eating sharong might cross the river and infect other lands .
he was also the son of king rot and even though the troll toodrake thought he could possibly defeat blight in battle he was under no illusions about the princes father .
chapter 12 : toodrakes design the siege ( blights encampment ) prince blight was in a lather , foaming from the mouth and berating the poor orc who happened to be in his vicinity when the news broke .
first , blight would need to choose a new leader for his army .
they d lost track of blight , even longshots reconnaissance showed no sign of the princes location .
the elvin asked if blight were with his people and the commander said he was .
the advisor , slightly flustered by the emperor 's sentiments , continued , ` ` eh , uh , yes , well , your highness , there has been evidence of a root blight- '' tiberius shrugged , gesturing to his legate , ` ` well , that 's very simple then : timonus , you go to the eastern shore , seek out one of the veneficas and take her to feronia to investigate this ' root blight ' .
the emperor has requested that i ride to feronia to inspect the root blight that seems to have destroyed a great many of their crops .
` ` i , uhm , i have tests that i can use to evaluate for root blight and such . ''
she saw that everything was in order ; she helped the beavers with their dam , and she removed the blights from the trees .
there was nothing wrong with farming , it was a respectable living , but he would never be rich and there was also a good chance of things getting very tight now and again should the rain not come or a blight appear .
thus did he observe , categorize , predict , and explain various forms of infection , rot , blight , canker , taint , poisoning , infection , putrefaction , festering , bloating , dysfunction , collapse , decomposition , decay , trauma , fracture , pestilence , rigor , gangrene , parasitism , boil , abscess , tumor , monstrosity , pain , convulsion , depression , defect , disability , decline , and death .
she wore a binding across her eyes and nose , and beneath the grime on her skin , tavi could see the angry red pockmarks of a recent survivor of the blight or one of the other dangerous fevers that could strike down the folk of alera .
that 's when blight hit the force field . ''
however , it brought with it a blight that i have seen infect nearly every part of the land .
rand had only visited the blight on a single occasion , though he could faintly remember having come to this area on several occasions , before the blight infected the land .
there was an oily sense of death to the blight , of plants barely surviving , kept alive like prisoners starved to the very edge of mortality .
that would leave lan and the malkieri to fight alone , a tiny force to resist the might of every monster that the blight could spit out .
` ` and every plant we found with a hint of blight has been burned to ash .
it was n't nearly as bad as the blight disease , but it seemed to him the whole land was only a few steps away from that .
tomorrow , she plans to move her army through gateways and hold the trollocs in the blight '' .
but if there was a darkfriend in the caravan , one who had ducked through the opening and seen that it went to the blight , they could have easily decided to kill berisha in order to leave the horn and the caravan stranded .
so far , they 'd lost fifteen people to hazards of the blight , including five killed by some horrible three - eyed things that had attacked the camp yesterday morning .
` ` soon , we will be near the dark one , in a land where nothing grows , corrupted or not , where there is no life , not even the nastier things from the blight '' .
however , they had also underestimated the dangers of the blight .
at the top , she walks the catwalk once around - gazing out over the illimitable sea , and then , toward the mainland coast , the rocky cusp of the blight continent .
in the same way as the blight which had destroyed the american chestnut trees at the turn of the century and the dutch elm disease which had killed millions and millions of trees in the 1950s and 1960s , an incurable disease was wiping out the long - needled , fantastically twisted pines .
therefore the blight is pruned away .
a blight and have to save the old growth .
i stripped down to skin and splashed my sensitive body with water as chill as blight of dew .
when neglected this plant can create an environment for blight to flourish , threatening the entire garden .
it would be a couple of decades before the famine immigrants , who stumbled ashore in boston as the potato blight wracked ireland from 1845 to 1850 , made their way to the rolling grass knolls of what was then called dorchester heights .
greg could have used matthias 's expertise in dealing with the blight that had struck his vines , but he was too proud to give him the opportunity to slam the door in his face .
` ` this one 's called elm blight , it approximates the color of dead trees in the snow .