` ` i ' m going across the hall to kick your door now , '' i sighed , pulling away and shuffling through the sugar .
i was about to drive back to sugar house when i had another thought .
i snap sugar kane shut and jump up .
just as there was no possibility that some of us in sugar town might not share her deathless admiration for the reverends absenting mission .
i had nt been in sugar town very long at all back then and .
the impossibly realised feat of avoiding harm to the people of sugar town !
it had something to do with my family and kind of the whole rest of sugar town !
someone in sugar town ?
he was a much greater force for good in sugar town than you give him credit for , you know !
nothing that happened in sugar town escaped being weighed for its newsworthiness by brian johanson .
has she missed sugar town and her friends ?
nearly six months since we left sugar town .
back in sugar town ?
even so since you seem so interested she can promise you , the only person in sugar town who s been within a mile of her pants is her !
he says there are guilty people still free in sugar town !
right at that moment , i was thinking , only one person in sugar town would have better reason than me to jump to unhealthy conclusions and that person would be my sister .
and then she put the mayors long years of selfless dedication to sugar town in front of us , like a little box , and stomped it flat .
but she never gave up believing sugar town had betrayed them .
no one ever has up until now and no one else in sugar town ever would .
you boys an your dad you did sugar town proud !
not that it ever made a difference to anyone here in sugar town !
then coming to sugar town and meeting you !
seems the good folk of sugar town decided to look after em after all !
could she risk having her beloved fathers public standing in sugar town rubbed in the dirt ?
the only person in all sugar town who might have guessed what he d done was alf caletti , who knew the true story of the rape and was only kept quiet by constant tweaking of his guilt .
no one knew where sugar got the icon .
when sugar passed five years earlier , she got a proper new orleans - style jazz funeral : somber first - line music on the way into the cemetery , then joyous second - line music played on the way to the sazerac celebration of her life .
eureka remembered the way diana had held court at sugar 's funeral , orchestrating toast after toast .
baby eureka gazed straight at the camera , wearing a white pinafore sugar must have sewn .
in a suburb like sugar house , this probably meant thousands of zombies .
the director announced we would escort all of the members of the riverside second and seventh wards back to sugar house tonight .
had we just come back from pleasant hill farms , where she sometimes rode a shetland pony named sugar ?
by this time , bad cabbage had completed his training , had qualified as an archer , and had also obtained a certificate in fertility rites from the institute of advanced studies .
then bad cabbage made his way through a door marked ' people 's collective and tractor factory ' , and found himself in secrets ' private suite of rooms .
@ and stay out of their way once they head towards the sugar .
death march a poem by g. newton chance on concrete slab round table , outside rumshop , served cold to country on platter like john 's to herodias , a la carte columbian cartel style , a head , severed , separated from shell , left lying lifeless , abandoned , in abandoned canefield , bitter harvest of deluded quest for sugar of quick material gains .
we tend to be more environmentally sensitive , more anti - development and some of us are rabidly anti - big sugar .
chapter seven sugar looked exhausted and on the point of collapse .
chapter nine sugar was laughing .
she kept sugar leaning on her arm as they walked through , and settled her into the closest chair .
maybe sugar should have stayed at home .
but david did call back , sooner than sugar had dared to hope for , and somehow she was nt prepared for it , after the setback and the sickening perkiness , and she stammered and stumbled and it did nt go well .
she knew sugar did nt intend it that way .
over in the shade , mom and sugar were smiling , too , as they finished their tall glasses of iced lemonade .
the two men had almost reached it and had turned to see if she and sugar needed any help .
i m going to drive sugar , mom said .
a short silence fell , then sugar dared to break it .
help me sit , sugar said , still gripping him tightly .
sugar put you up to this , not just what you re saying , but the whole thing , the background .
what do you plan on doing when you graduate sugar ?
the guilt over what had happened to her beloved sugar had weighed on her for years , another reason she 'd never thought she would race again .