i feel myself growing quiet as the day wears on , self - conscious of what my coworkers might be saying about my rather cozy relationship with the head of the company 's european branch .
` ` what branch of the military are you in ? ''
the chicago office was the flagship for the six other us branches and two international offices , and every inch was made to represent that fact .
another rumor i heard is that head office is looking to consolidate and the san fran branch might be disbanded with everything run out of l.a . '' the sinking feeling in lorelei 's stomach doubled .
` ` what branch of the military were you in ? ''
it had been spur of the moment , but dave was working on some audit at a branch out in san diego .
he had a net worth in the billions , he not only owned his own company , that company was so diversified that governments around the world paid him to move into their countries and open up a branch just to provide good , high paying jobs .
titus securities was headquartered in washington , d.c . but he had branches in fifteen other cities of the united states and twelve countries worldwide .
forming an alliance with that branch will only cause several problems later on and i think we can avoid those if we 're careful . ''
` ` i think it could be applied to several of the other offices but maybe not in the manufacturing branches , '' he replied and continued on with his explanation .
victoria worked hard and , with the help of the team , came up with some great ideas on improving the efficiency of several of the branch offices or factories for the financial areas .
that night was the opening of a new branch of the museum in downtown washington .
perhaps he should offer an olive branch .
chapter seven pellum and foster was the newest and smallest law office in holland springs , but had an extremely large and powerful branch down in wilmington , which was exactly why summer had chosen to make an appointment with them .
he was extending an olive branch to her , so how could she not accept ?
i promise you , i 'll figure it out - speak to dad and work in our branch in london - i 'll do anything - i 'll promise you anything - just please , think about it ? -we can get married , if you want ... i 'd give anything to have you back ... just please , sienna , forgive me - and love me again . ''
i met her three months ago when i made a quick trip down here to oversee the new branch along with the new project .
he handed me all the paperwork i needed to go through today and briefed me with all the ongoing progress in all branches of the company .
and now he and ivy would build their own branch of the king family dynasty .
` ` i was sorry to hear it when your dad died , '' he said quietly , offering the olive branch that they both needed .
there were four other king brothers in their branch of the family , and they were all close .
` ` that branch of the family still is n't sure they ' ve met all of the half brothers that might be out there . ''
if you wanted to , you could set up a european branch and you damn well know it . ''
` ` how- '' ` ` i ' m opening a branch of king security right here in cadria .
matt worked in a steel mill during the day , moonlighted as a mechanic on weekends , and went to night school at the local branch of indianastateuniversity .
there was a zoning problem when we built our branch store in the suburbs , and a problem with an easement when the developer paved the parking lot . ''
combined , those five men were responsible for buying all the merchandise within the giant department store and all its branch stores .
triumph , full - bodied and sweet , swept through the room , and then voices rose as everyone began discussing plans to utilize intercorp 's newest ` ` family branch . ''
is there going to be a houston branch of bancroft 's or not ? ''
the houston property , with its location near the galleria , was the most desirable site for a bancroft 's branch that she 'd ever seen anywhere .
ignoring his attitude , meredith reached out and pressed a button on the computer screen that showed sales in the past four hours in all the departments under his supervision there and in the branch stores across the country .
like all the bancroft branch stores , the new orleans store was beautiful , distinctive , and new .
` ` there 's a collier bank and trust in houston with branches scattered around the country . ''
it 's a family taboo , '' he added , ` ` -although not in my branch of the family .
that was done to safeguard against one member or branch of the family coveting the property and exerting undue force on the heir to relinquish it .
but there are other branches of the aal - hamdaan family , as well as ancient tribes who have always had a part of the rule through marriage into munsoor 's line .
then judar 's neighbor , zohayd , was dragged into the crisis , for another branch of the aal shalaans form the ruling house there . ''
with evaluations like he had , he was a shoo - in for any branch ... but well ... it 's his story to tell , not my place to discuss details . ''
he preferred working from his hotel when he made an unannounced spot - check on one of his international branches .
this beautiful , exciting city had once been like a home from home to him during his childhood , when he 'd used to visit here regularly with his mother , and later , when he 'd spent a full year working at the scott - lee bank branch here .
susan gray , the forty - something ceo of the azmaharian branch of a multinational construction company , babbled like a teenager .
it would be an olive branch to an injured adversary .
though fadi came from the one branch of jalal 's family on his mother 's side that he considered ` ` family , '' fadi himself had never considered he had any relation to the former royal family of azmahar .
when your uncle was fifteen and your mother was twelve , their family lost a tiny bit of their name , becoming al - instead of aal - ghamdi , and stumbled from a high branch of nobility into dishonor .
an ingenious pattern made of the symbol of the noble house he belonged to , a distant branch of her maternal family , of which he was the last surviving member .
` ` they hate only one branch of the family , but still think of the aal munsooris at large as their rightful monarchs . ''
though the aal munsooris are my father 's house , the mundane , inept genes in our branch of the family are abundant .
this leftover of the lowest branch of the aal munsooris , who is festering with hostility toward anyone higher than he is , is manipulating you , not even leaving you the dignity of knowing you are the chip he needs to become king . ''
when bennett called to offer me the director of finance position in the new branch , henry emailed , telling me that if i did join the new york offices , he was going to make sure bennett assigned me george , who was dying to relocate .
but it was her brilliant work on the enormous papadakis campaign that had catapulted the company into overdrive , and it had quickly become clear that a new york branch would be needed to handle some of these larger accounts .
this branch specifically ? ''
yet here she was , willingly standing outside her father 's new york city branch .
generation after generation on every branch of the family tree merely cemented the mantra she lived by - job first and revolving - door relationships when she had time .
for the next few minutes , byron explained the needs of this branch of the family business , and mckenzie 's mouth practically watered .
i offered the first olive branch .
` ` what branch of the military ? ''
what else would a businessman who was the scion of a minor branch of the british monarchy wear ?
it 's just - i 'd read that your grandparents belonged to a minor branch of the british royal family - an earl and a countess , no less . ''
` ` it looks like it was built fairly recently , at least in comparison to the house , '' lucien observed , running his hand over the wood timbers that enforced a different branch of the tunnel system than the one they 'd been in earlier .
i parked across the street and prayed to god there would be more than two tellers and a branch manager who knew everyone in town by their first names and what teachers they 'd had in high school .
` ` oh , you know about that huh , that 's another branch of the organization . ''
i directed the question at grant mccombs , who was in town for the weekend to attend the annual board meeting for the company 's branch in hong kong .
grant and a few others were here for the annual meeting lunched together to get caught up on news about the other branches and , of course , talk about their personal lives .
i believed it was essential to get to know the people who were in charge of the different branches on a personal and professional scale .
these men never hesitated to call me when something had gone awry in their branches , or if they needed advice about what to do in their personal lives .
it allowed for me to feel secure that the company branches scattered all over the globe were safe and being run by men who could truly focus on what was at hand and what was needed to improve .
he heard jurgen 's voice indistinctly in the background , then nik practically yelled in his ear , ` ` i am not forming up a branch of the gay scouts ! ''
` ` they feel our branch of the family has impinged upon their honor . ''
` ` our branch of the family ?
amery also learned the terms were slightly different branches of the same bondage discipline .
besides , she could call that branch of her design company something else .
we ' ve got branches all over the place , so i assume he got recruited by one of them , but beyond that i do n't know .
things had always been somewhat strained between his uncle casper and his three brothers , carson , charles and calvin , hence a strained relationship existed between the mckay cousins from that branch .
just in case the family emergency only affected chase 's branch of the mckays .
but she 'd been offered the plum job for this new branch office , making turton her second - in - command .
there 's a lot to micromanage when opening a new branch .
` ` public relations from the main denver branch called .
i turned around a branch office in denver .
intrigued by the management end of banking , she 'd taken over a small branch office in a low - income suburb of denver no one else wanted to tackle .
determined to keep the branch from closing , she 'd approached every business , big and small , in the three - mile radius , talking up the benefits of banking locally .
in that year she 'd increased that branch 's business banking operation by twenty - five percent and the personal banking business by thirteen percent .
with her pr savvy and turton as the bean counter , on paper they looked like an unbeatable team to make this branch a rousing success from the get go .
and because this call is regarding a loan situation , as the sole loan officer in this branch , i want to lead the call . ''
since we 're a new branch , and this has n't come up before , i wanted to be the one to ask for clarification with both the president and the vice president in attendance so there 'd be no disputes . ''
` ` i do n't understand why your boss picked sundance to open a branch office . ''
` ` it 's not a branch office .
` ` i ' m related to two branches of the mckay family tree because these guys ' grandmas were wests .
or just your branch ? ''
` ` just my branch . ''
i found out the hard way that not only is the crook county branch office of the wnrc in charge of processing applications , they also determine who 's granted the permits . ''
` ` no , but it is why no one in that branch office has applied for the job and why the blm is listing the position on the job boards next week . ''
and get this , when i told him you were in chicago taking care of business until further notice , he told me he 's been thinking about opening up a chicago branch of rustanov enterprises . ''
and if rustanov was serious about opening a chicago branch ... ` ` i 'll think about , '' suro told his partner .
there is an entire branch of daimons called the akelos who have all taken an oath to kill only the humans who deserve it . ''
` ` out of two families , they come together to form a separate branch that links back to their roots .
not without incurring the wrath of all branches of arcadians and katagaria alike .
and as such , jackals usually stayed away from the other were - hunter branches .
the omegrion was a meeting where only the regis , or head , of each animal - were branch was sent to represent all of their species .
here we gather , one representative from each branch of the arcadian and katagaria patrias .
i run the theti branch which , by default , makes me the head of all the squire branches in this area . ''
i run the theti branch which , by default , makes me the head of all the squire branches in this area . ''
but as she was reading , she realized that the were - hunters , the shapeshifting branch in all this , did n't live normal life spans .
the katagaria were the animal branch of their people who were at war with the ` ` human '' arcadians .
she was just like the all the others who hated his species and it was why the wolves did their best to avoid the other branches of their kind .
here we gather , one rep from each branch of the two patrias .
kattagaria were the animal branch of the were - hunter race .
because his mother had been kattagaria and had despised the arcadian branch of their people , he 'd chosen at puberty to hide his true nature from her as well as the rest of the world .
hard to believe a man with such a fierce , lethal reputation who 'd been wanted and hunted voraciously by every branch of law enforcement in the old west , could be so irreverent and playful .
while he 'd schooled her on the gods and her were - hunter branch , he 'd always been insistent that she never try to contact them .
by nature , both the katagaria and arcadian branches of were - hunters were highly territorial .
that was the were - hunter term for their wolf branch .
` ` you 'll need a war commander between your allied nations and the four main branches of the tavali .
he came from the lower ranks of the kronobian desert and is the son of a nomadic branch of the boudins .
even more frightening than his innate feral masculinity , his scent was katagariathe animal branch of then - specieswhile she was arcadian , the human branch .
even more frightening than his innate feral masculinity , his scent was katagariathe animal branch of then - specieswhile she was arcadian , the human branch .
even more frightening than his innate feral masculinity , his scent was katagaria - the animal branch of their species - while she was arcadian , the human branch .
even more frightening than his innate feral masculinity , his scent was katagaria - the animal branch of their species - while she was arcadian , the human branch .
she and dare were born of the arcadian branch of were - hunters .
here the regis , one representative for each branch of the katagaria and arcadians , met .
former military from different branches , all special division black ops types .
the curvature of each c held a symbol of one of the branches of downworlders .
raphael and magnus were both immortals , both residents of new york and fairly high - ranking representatives of their downworlder branches .
there were branches of the military close to petersburg , mostly around northern virginia , but from what we could gather from archer 's conversation , we would n't be able to rely on them because they could n't afford to leave d.c . we 'd have to wait on other branches spaced throughout the united states , most holed up in montana - a good thirty - hour drive or so , putting them in petersburg around the same time the arum should be arriving .
there were branches of the military close to petersburg , mostly around northern virginia , but from what we could gather from archer 's conversation , we would n't be able to rely on them because they could n't afford to leave d.c . we 'd have to wait on other branches spaced throughout the united states , most holed up in montana - a good thirty - hour drive or so , putting them in petersburg around the same time the arum should be arriving .
` ` what ... what branch did you enlist in ? ''
you know , extend an olive branch . ''
maybe his presence constituted an olive branch .
finding branches of my family that i 'd had no idea about . ''
` ` two machines my father programmed for a branch of genetic research that has been outlawed .
` ` if you tried to use the downtown branch of the library this afternoon , chances are good that you were turned away as the fib and the i.s .
` ` in a late hour of action , officials stormed the lower levels of the downtown branch of the cincinnati library .
i ' ve got a sorting charm at the post office that took out the back wall of the highland hill branch and killed three people .
i 'd be willing to bet the two branches of magic had developed hand in hand despite the long - standing anger between them .
then , while working toward her doctorate , she 'd joined a highly classified branch of the government to research unexplainable abilities and phenomenon , as well as find ways to accomplish the unexplainable .
` ` mary and rafi lead the midwest branch of a gd rebel group , '' nita says .
was this some sort of olive branch ?
i 'd always known one day i would work for my father 's firm , i just had no idea my father would open a new branch on the other side of the country and ask me to head it .
he gestured with his head in the direction of our branch manager , anita , who was watching us from her desk across the lobby .
` ` well , uh , we 'll be contacting the recipient branch , to follow up .
` ` now , this is footage from our islington branch .
she supposed she could go into town to loiter in a bookstore , or another identical branch of starbucks , but she 'd already spent the morning in a local coffeehouse , drinking her body weight in herbal teas while a chic hipster type hovered over her shoulder , willing her to leave .
she 'd located three starbucks branches on his likely route to work , but alice could n't just leave it to chance ; if she was going to find a way of meeting this man , then she had to be certain of his routine .
the latter is generally considered the more common , particularly among dark beings who possess the ability to wield magic , as active conjuring of a phantom likeness was once a branch of study frequently pursued within universities .
` ` special agent grady , the assistant director of the criminal investigations branch does not call to make appointments .
he looked forward to seeing what the assistant director of the criminal investigative branch had in store for him .
way back when , the bureau assigned him to the criminal investigation division of the criminal investigations branch , working on financial crime .
the jacket extended to hip length , close - fitted and cinched by a spotless white belt with a gold buckle bearing the branch insignia .
` ` we 're here on orders from richard burns , assistant director of the criminal investigations branch of the federal bureau of investigation , to call on your status as a registered federal informant , '' zane rattled off efficiently , neither his weapon nor his voice wavering .
` ` it 's an intimate branch of the countenance that only those showing true interest in the lineage are privy to . ''
i glance at lauren 's text while cruise speaks to the officer at the midtown branch of the carrington police department .
` ` gage , when i tested your nephilim lines , i was pleased to see you had the levatio markers - a weakened lineage from my branch of the family .
` ` for sure she extended the olive branch , and i really appreciate it . ''
parker is a partner in our new york branch , and knows his stuff .
another bonus of this particular job is working with men who were either on my seal team , or were experts in other branches of the military .
so he worked full - time every year november through mid - january at the post office 's sorting branch to help them with extra mail around the holiday seasons .
you came by , olive branch extended , but only so you could soften me up for the blows you 'd deliver later . ''
` ` in banking '' was tammy 's way of saying his family owned the controlling share of a bank with hundreds of branches nationwide .
with one look at her jack knew either the world was coming to an end or there was a toilet backed up in the branch of his bank located in iowa city , iowa .
he would never admit to how much he actually needed nick to run the hr department in the local branch of newberry and co. ` ` i ' m going to london , '' she blurted .
he was vp of marketing for the london branch , and although his father decided it was an acceptable job for someone of his title to possess , he had n't been thrilled to hear about christian 's plans to continue working there after his internship ended .
` ` considering i am the vice president of marketing for this branch , i 'll be the one to show you the ropes of the london office in between your visits with your family . ''
he 'd known mia 's family was close , but it looked like all the other branches of the family were , too .
she quickly explained , ` ` i ' m a librarian at the branch just around the corner .
` ` my branch of the government .
` ` cia ... maybe one or two branches of military , '' he said , distracted .
i think quantum technologies is going to be opening a new branch in tokyo . ''
and that solution was the starting point for the whole branch of science called quantum physics .
they ' ve poached several leading scientists from other branches in the last year . ''
we ' ve been trying to recruit her back to this branch of qt for years . ''
` ` only a few commanders at the top know how to get in touch with the other branches .
they 're the closest branch to this system .
maybe the branch of myth stationed on this planet had been looking for the kid , too .
with the destruction of the hesperia branch , we ' ve been cut off from a lot of our operatives . ''
one branch of myth is the same as any other to me .
she would leave - as soon as she found her father , finished the house and figured out which food bank or red cross branch needed her most .
fortunately , she knew the manager of her local branch .
` ` i was trying to warn you about that branch . ''
they have taken two branches and are playing at sword fighting .
her small face clears and she goes back to her own work while i move on to the next branch .
` ` a remote branch that keeps to the westernmost regions , where many still honor the old ways .
i whipped my hat off , because even though we were from two different branches , and i probably outranked him in the reality of things , there was just something about brite that demanded you show respect .
bikers looked like bikers , but these guys were clearly the top branch of the club .
the store was generating steady income and the online market was so busy that salem was trying to convince nash to hire someone specifically to manage that branch of the business .
the most popular girls at my high school were actually secret agents affiliated with a top - secret branch of the government somehow related to the cia .
many branches , many powerful people .
ione , who was normal , but had somehow climbed to the top of the corporate ladder to head the society - or at least , the north american branch .
if any individual branch is threatened with imminent and widespread exposure - if the press break in , or the police start making arrests , or anyone infiltrates the security far enough to get ahold of classified files , the directive to meltdown is given . ''
unless , of course , the sensor saved the files and gave them to the remaining branches of the society , which he would gladly do if nix did n't give him natalie in return .
the only time branch let his twin do anything first was when he was afraid of doing it himself .
brooks and i separated and smiled at each other briefly before branch shoved him aside and leaned in for his turn .
while standing at my locker , branch came over and leaned against the one next to it .
in fact , mostly everything about branch was perfect .
brooks was also involved in that , by wedging himself in everything branch and i wanted to do together , but never having a good time hanging out with us .
i felt bad immediately at the way branch was acting .
he 'd always been there when i needed him in a way that branch never was .
the movie had twenty minutes of previews that we did n't anticipate , '' branch explained .
i think since branch and i are graduating this year , it 's a little more emotional .
` ` we 'll probably just watch some television , '' branch announced .
we started flipping through the channels before branch said anything else .
i wanted to yell and scream , but it was late , and i 'd wake the whole house up and upset branch .
` ` he enlisted , '' branch announced .
you and branch can go off to college and ride into the sunset on your white stallion for all i care . ''
i felt horrible , imagining how hurt branch would be if he 'd seen us .
i remembered branch coming into the room and me asking him to sleep with me .
i remembered thanking branch the next morning and him responding like he had n't done that much for me .
i ran out of his room and into mine , where i locked the door and prayed branch would n't come looking for me .
i looked at branch before opening it and getting the shock of my life .
i was desperate to reach out to him , but knew i 'd be ruining my happy day with branch .
then , i went back into the branch 's room and pulled the letter to me out of the pocket of my dress .
of course time had passed and with that i was able to build a stronger relationship with branch .
if branch found out , he 'd kill him .
the hardest thing for me was knowing that all of this could blow up in my face and i had n't done anything except for kiss him goodbye , which i was pretty sure branch would forgive me for .
although , a part of me was still very upset with branch and the way he 'd wedged himself into a relationship with me , knowing how his brother felt .
by the time you get this letter mom and dad will already know and i will have made them promise to let me call branch to tell him the bad news .
it took branch two days to realize something was wrong , and a week to tell me about his brother being deployed .
finally , i sat branch down and told him that we could n't get married unless brooks could be there too .
the fact that branch was keeping us apart hurt me .
suddenly i realized why branch had every right to worry .
i think branch is keeping us from each other and i do n't understand .
i started worrying about what branch had said to his brother .
after all , he 'd written about sneaking into my room , so branch knew i 'd been with his brother .
one thing i did notice was that the happier i was , the more strange branch was acting .
i was shocked that after all these years he still remembered the little things , where branch had never asked or noticed that , and we lived together .
anyway , maybe after you 're we d branch will finally settle down . ''
i 'd missed him so much , but did n't want to offend branch the night before our wedding .
they hugged , before branch backed up and put his arm around me .
it was probably better , since branch was heading over with a round of drinks for all of us .
` ` we can have one drink before we need to meet in the restaurant for dinner , '' branch explained .
aside from that , we were going with traditional vows , because branch insisted on it .
my smile disappeared and i knew that this was exactly what branch had been worried about .
it was going to be a long night , and all i could hope for was that i drank myself out of all my irrational thoughts and woke up tomorrow prepared to spend the rest of my life with branch .
it did n't matter anyway , because branch was up in the face of another bar patron .
you ' ve been drinking and you 're upset at branch . ''
it was branch , and he was n't happy .
` ` branch , we need to talk . ''
brooks hit him so hard branch fell to the ground .
at any moment branch was going to come after me .
since i did n't know where branch was or if he was coming to murder me for embarrassing him , i hurried inside and started packing everything that i 'd be able to fit inside my tiny car .
after checking out , i got back on the road , stopping at a branch of my bank to withdrawal all of my funds .
i knew it was a couple weeks before my wedding date , because branch was trying to get some until he found out i was bleeding .
i wondered if maybe she 's promised branch to tell him if i was ever in contact with her again .
he has n't come home and branch does n't think he will . ''
i was also curious how his family was coping , and if branch had finally admitted that love was more important than any competition .
my thoughts now were that maybe she always had a thing for branch .
you never really belonged to branch , but the man you 're married to does n't deserve to get his heart ripped out .
i thought i learned that after the branch fiasco , but obviously i ca n't learn from my mistakes , because here i am married to another man that i ' m trying to convince myself to fall in love with . ''
when we got into the car to head to school , branch told me that i looked embarrassing and that he did n't want to walk around with me to my classes .
` ` you know how branch is . ''
` ` who gives a shit about what branch thinks ?
being with branch was a mistake .
i thought for sure you 'd mention it to branch and he 'd come and try to kick my ass . ''
it 's probably why branch did n't even understand what i was talking about .
then all i 'd have to feel guilty for was leaving branch at the alter after sleeping with brooks .
` ` we assumed branch told you .
i shrugged , not feeling like talking about seeing branch , at all .
instead , they wanted to let us know that they 'd already gone ahead and contacted branch .
we 'd been so busy , catching up , falling more in love , and being parents that branch was n't a priority .
i 'd trusted her and wanted to know when she fell in love with branch .
i could have cared less who branch ended up with , but i still felt betrayed .
for my whole life i 'd thought branch was keeping us apart .
i could n't put my finger on it , but branch was different .
i heard them talking , deciding on whether branch and melissa should stay or go .
chapter 46 ` ` branch ? ''
i no longer felt any kind of connection to branch , and i knew why .
we sat down on the couch , while branch lifted b up and pretended she was an airplane .
it was good that branch had someone , because he was never going to have me .
out of the corner of my eyes i saw branch watching us .
i 'd gotten to the point where even seeing branch was hard , because he reminded me so much of the both of you .
the hallway was dark and we could see the dim light from underneath branch 's room , letting us know they were still up .
he wanted branch and melissa to hear every detail of it .
i could hear everything and branch knew it .
i woke in a better mood about branch and melissa .
aside from the dog tags , brooks ' skin was tanned , from being outside , while branch was paler from working in an office .
i rolled my eyes and branch started laughing .
i saw branch start backing up away from the bed and i knew he was there before i even saw him .
it involves all of us , even branch . ''
with all of the new knowledge so fresh in our minds , we were all trying to let it go , even branch .
he sat it down and i noticed branch had a big smile on his face .
uncle branch has something for you . ''
she hugged branch and ran into the living room before we could tell her nobody else was awake , and being that it was such a special day , i did n't care if she woke up the whole house .
while waiting for her to come back , branch cleared his throat and got my attention .
inside though , i felt like branch was finally able to accept that nothing could keep her from me , not time , not distance , and certainly not him .
after double checking myself , i drove another half hour to the nearest branch of my bank and withdrew the necessary funds .
paris , london , athens - there are lots of mythos branches around the world , although the one here at cypress mountain is the biggest and the best . ''
none of the other branches has a library like ours , especial y not one with as many artifacts . ''
i supposed it made sense there would be other branches , other schools , located throughout the world .
i might not know al the ins and outs of mythos academy , but sharing what kind of warrior you were was one of the main conversation starters between the kids at the different branches .
` ` we 're going to the denver branch of mythos academy , '' ajax said .
` ` that this is a special field trip for students who are interested in transferring to the denver branch .
i thought about pulling out my phone and texting my cousin , rory forseti , who went to the colorado branch of mythos academy , but i decided not to .
fallon was in charge of the branch that handled the west coast and the southwest .
the head of the organization has always been a jones , usually a jones from zack 's branch of the family tree .
` ` the us branch , '' calvin clarified .
he knew enough about the reputation of that branch of the uc system to be aware that she had probably emerged with not only a respectable education but a slightly offbeat view of the world , as well .
eventually cedric jones , one in a series of joneses to head the branch , had made the decision to move the office to the secluded beachside town of scargill cove on the northern california coast in the late 1960s .
jones and jones was a family business with branches in the united states and the united kingdom .
all the branches were headed by members of the jones family who had descended from the alchemist founder , sylvester jones .
it is no secret that all the various branches have been headed by the descendents of the jones family ever since .
i freely admit that i would n't have been able to fake my way through a peer review article in his branch of mathematics even if i 'd had unlimited access to his notes and papers .
her extensive family tree boasted a number of branches that specialized in fakes , forgeries and assorted art frauds .
but , then , his branch of the family tree boasted a number of what arcane liked to call crypto - talents .
` ` do n't know where he got the notion that women operate like an accounts receivable department or that you could treat one of 'em like a branch of the head office .
she had also opened a branch in eclipse bay .
in the beginning she had established a schedule that had allowed her to divide her time between this gallery and the main branch in portland .
on impulse she had placed the portland branch in the capable hands of a trusted manager , packed her suitcases , and moved her personal possessions into the little cottage on the bluff near hidden cove .
i plan to sell both branches of bright visions . ''
makes sense to concentrate on the portland branch . ''
but i ' m going to sell both branches . ''
also , i have to get started on making arrangements to sell both branches of bright visions . ''
levitating a person without causing serious internal injury was a very specific branch of telekinetics .
the lanceys were n't the main branch of house rogan , but still .
` ` the ramirez branch of the espinoza family .
you rescued your cousin , but you had been content to ignore the existence of that whole branch of your family .
it 's not just another branch of arcane like the labs or the museums .
sir robert sergei sarvini , ambassador of the second intergalactic empire to the branches of reigh , looked perfect : hair slicked back into a horse tail , handsome face shaven , trim figure sharp in diplomatic corps formal midnight blue .
it made total sense that the reigh would demand communication through him the branch nagrad and the empire were now technically in the state of war .
` ` you ' ve robbed our branch of a great man .
the entire reigh branch can survive for a decade on that money .
` ` ask him if the marriage would mean branch nagrad would protect the cluster in the event of a raid or invasion . ''
` ` i ca n't afford informants in my branch , no more than you can tolerate the blame for my father 's death . ''
` ` he felt his death must serve the branch .
and the branch desperately needs the money .
she highlighted the home worlds of the seven branches of the reigh one by one .
probably the same one or a branch of it . ''
it 's one of the elite branches of the broken military .
his particular branch of the military evolved to respond to an enemy employing asymmetric warfare , the tactic that involved striking against the vulnerabilities of the opponent rather than seeking to eliminate the bulk of its force .
the power of the royal bloodline had its limitations , but the monarch still held the presiding position over the council , wielding much of the power within the executive branch .
` ` minor nobility , of the lesser - known branch of the dweller family .
` ` rene is spider 's younger half sister 's son , the adrianglian branch of the family .
it runs in our branch of the family , on my father 's side .
liam 's father , dylan morrissey , was more or less the official head of the austin branch of his entire clan , but also the unofficial head of this shiftertown , even over the other clans .
hell , he could n't hack it in the research branch of the airforce . ''
once every two weeks a crew made up of members of a secret branch of the duke 's personal guard travels to the bunker and destroys any encroaching plants or animals to prevent the device from accessing environmental magic .
that effectively barred him from any military branch except for the red legion , who will take anyone .
no one was allowed to forget that the mackenzies were scottish first , the entire branch of their clan nearly wiped out in ' 45 , except for young malcolm mackenzie who survived to marry and rebuild the family .
he 's keen on all branches of science and has a wide - open mind , which means he 'll discuss the mating habits of frogs or human beings and not have an inkling that there 's a difference between them .
tartans , at least for his branch of the mackenzie clan , were spun in the mountains near kilmorgan by a family who allowed no one else to get their hands on the wool , not even other mackenzies .
the line split into three branches marked with labels : zoology , botany , anatomy , then split again .
the only three missing branches of her own family tree belong to grandparents who died before she was born , or when she was too little to mark their absence .
it 's why i stayed at my job as a paralegal instead of continuing my education to be a lawyer ( i wanted to decide on the perfect branch of law to practice before making that leap ) .
yes , that was strange even for members of a covert homeland security branch that dealt with misbehaving members of undead society .
this branch sat between max and carter 's high school and mine .
if he did n't transfer to manage the branch office here , he would have been laid off .
she tried to keep the clipped anger out of her voice and sound reasonable as she said , ` ` for senator rowling , you 're talking about going into a completely different branch of pr , a jump from movie stars to politics , and from a large firm that handles lots of clients to the political campaign itself .
though to alcide , sam ( who generally shifted into a collie , though he was not limited to that form ) would rank as a lightweight , at least they were from the same branch of the tree .
he was g. steve newlin , former leader of the brotherhood of the sun , a militant anti - vampire organization whose dallas branch had more or less bit the dust after i 'd paid it a visit .
there 's a branch of the fellowship close to here ? ''
i felt a stab in my heart when i noticed the logo , because my missing guy worked for the supernatural branch of e ( e ) e. i did n't have long to feel the ache , though , because halleigh was dragging me up the stairs at a relentless pace .
quinn 's branch of e ( e ) e staged special events for the supe community : vampire hierarchal weddings , were coming of age parties , packleader contests , and the like .
the renard parish library , bon temps branch , is not a large building .
barbara 's the only full - time employee of the branch library , and i was n't surprised to find her by herself when i pushed open the heavy door .
quinn worked for e ( e ) e , which i suspected was at least partially vampire owned , since quinn 's job was not putting on the weddings and bar mitzvahs the company 's human branch dealt with .
` ` you ' ve been lying in the sun and gardening.we like the sun and sky , '' he said , as if that was proof positive i had a special relationship with the fairy branch of my family .
the post office proved a problem , since their branch was almost totally staffed by o'reillys or their in - laws .
she thinks way back our family was connected to some branch of the comptons .
ocella was his cognomen , so it was meant to indicate what particular branch of the livii had borne him ; or it could have been given as an honorific for his service in a war .
why should i extend the olive branch ?
it was a roomy house , the kind typically owned by a couple who came from secondary branches of aristo families and wanted to maintain the social connections that would be an asset to their children .
was this branch of the sadiablo family any better than the ones who had tried to destroy terreille ?
so his paternity of his younger son was granted , the debts were paid off ... and he gave himself a few weeks to consider if , with his sons safely under his control , he wanted to remain married to a woman who expected absolute fidelity from her warlord prince husband while she indulged her taste for variety by having affairs with men from the minor branches of hayll 's aristo families .
while his bloodlines could be traced to two of hayll 's hundred families , his family on both sides was from minor branches .
her pennant read ` ` north branch . ''
the gist of goose island 's argument , without all the cursing , was that the ( slutty ) raven- haired nymph on her left , north branch , had slept with the ( whorish ) boyfriend of the platinum blond nymph on her right , west fork .
jeff clucked his tongue and regarded the north branch brunette .
franklin was just a cousin from some far - off branch of the family tree , but he thought he had a right to the house .
` ` this is the south branch nymph calling , and i need to go deal with her .
` ` north branch , '' he said , then cleared his throat .
my director does n't work at my library branch but has a different office .
` ` i should probably call the branch manager . ''
he led her back the way they 'd come , crossing to the other branch of the tunnel , which led deeper into the como system .
` ` i ' m getting a call from the branch on the right . ''
he also read a blurb from 1885 that mentioned the original brady had been promoted to branch manager at the ohio savings and trust bank .
` ` special operations involves a number of different branches - seals , rangers , green berets , pararescuemen . ''
about three months ago , i accepted the challenge to assist in starting a southern florida branch . ''
` ` the new branch has been busy , but productive .
` ` a representative from the local branch of both offices took notes and said their people would look into it .
except rather than place mats , he revealed , ` ` they ' ve even got shoulder boards and rank paraphernalia for any general in any branch of the services .
liam had enlisted in the army at eighteen , become an airborne ranger medic , gotten his college degree , then switched service branches to become a pj .
he must be some branch of the military .
as best she could tell , the office of special investigations - osi - was an air force branch of military intelligence .
along with how many other law enforcement branches ?
if not , what branch ?
of course , her high school guidance counselor in red branch , texas , never mentioned combat boots as an option to graduating senior girls .
rivalry between the branches was a common , welcome routine because in the end game , their combined forces were essential to survival .
he 'd chosen the navy , specifically the seals , for his branch of service because he 'd never been able to sit idle for ten seconds since childhood .
the air force uniform on the c-17 crew might differ from his father 's navy whites , but max recognized the military mantle that transcended service branches .
nobody would guess vinnie with his dreadlocks was actually a civilian employee with army cid , even given that all branches of the military had a large percentage of civilian employees in counterintelligence .
` ` i ' m director for the southeast branch that just opened in charleston . ''
she 'd said speedy placement of all the children would solidify her position and the validity of the southeastern branch .
that 's why he 'd shown up here , on her flight , rather than following the plan laid out by the cia operatives , who were working in conjunction with the american branch of interpol .
if he ever wanted a chance at that high again , he would need to loan his ` ` skills '' to the american branch of interpol on occasion .
on her way out of town , she 'd dropped off all her nicole farnsworth , dutiful - daughter - appropriate items at the manhattan branch of dress for success , where disadvantaged women would now have interview suits and clothing to start over .
when she finally heard from him , a phone call at 3:00 p.m. , her hands shook as she explained she needed twenty - four hours for the small bank branch in serendipity to get that amount of money in .
we 're an intelligence branch of the oss . ''
` ` we work for a branch of the u.s . government called the office for political unity and security . ''
but gertrude , melisande 's sister - in - law , had felt ill this morning and insisted that melisande come to represent their branch of the family .
` ` what military branch are you in ? ''
she 'd extended her olive branch , though .
the special forces teams from every branch in the military had been tested for psychic abilities , and anyone who scored high had been given the opportunity to continue forward into the ghostwalker program .
it made perfect sense at the time - to take men from all branches of the service with special forces training and test them to see if they had potential to use psychic abilities .
dr . peter whitney , lily 's father , had talked the men , all from various branches of special forces , into volunteering to be psychically enhanced .
if peter whitney or some covert branch of the government he was connected to was looking for her , they would know she would n't be able to resist hunting information .
` ` if it 's a splinter branch , they 're working outside the parameters .
there was no legitimate reason for the branch to move as it had .
flags with the names of the young men and women who 'd dedicated themselves to a branch of the service were flown over every light post .
the note was clearly an olive branch .
i even added an entry or two after i had learned of a branch that was n't represented in the pages . ''
the eod was a hybrid organization , one composed of former members of various military branches .
` ` what branch ? ''
the lines of fire raced across the room , then the fire split in two , one branch of flames snaking toward the right , one to the left .
dee daniels asked the minute jude strode past the rather unassuming entrance of night watch 's louisiana branch .
they entered the branch on the left .
or would the branch do the work ?
accommodations depended on which branch hired you .
dee owned all sorts of businesses , restaurants being one branch of them .
` ` this one branch ? ''
she 's opened a new branch at the bravern center , and that 's where she 's normally based .
and she 's showing me how to order books for our branch .
it seemed amazing that our tiny branch had such an endless stock of books , and it was years later that i 'd learned that mrs . banks was special - ordering books through interlibrary loan that she thought i 'd like .
the man belonged to the order , but was n't a part of the new orleans branch , because i did n't recognize him .
any government branch that 'll let me get a start . ''
we have our own branch of the priesthood dedicated to weeding out heretics in our midst .
technically , he might be a little higher , but the praetorians were in a separate branch and ordering system .
i work for estocorp 's portland branch now . ''
` ` i ' m not putting on the uniform of the runa 's greatest military branch for your own amusement .
i ' m extending the olive branch here . ''
` ` i did wonder whether ... well , it 's a remote possibility , the name is n't all that uncommon - but i did wonder whether he might be connected in some way with a branch of my family .
` ` sure you have n't a scottish branch in your family ? ''
the current line of fraser of lovat is descended from a collateral branch ; presumably the fraser prophecy is n't referring to one of them - though there are plenty of heirs in that line .
jared in the army - or whatever branch he was choosing - was still weird to me .
she finally called the bank and canceled her card , and they 'll issue her a new one when she goes into the branch tomorrow .
i told you my branch of the family did n't have a title . ''
after meeting with a teller , an assistant manager , and then the bank branch manager , i headed off to work .
we had a branch of the company located here already .
the branch manager i normally dealt with decided to be an ass however , so i had to go over his head and call the bank 's president .
everything had been arranged through the matrimonial branch of their respective houses , but she believed he was a decent , kind and caring man , and that he too loved to dance , just as she did .
i had a feeling that the main branch of his consciousness was acting like a puppet master , and if i erased that one , we d be in the clear .
some call them a cult , others just another branch under the general umbrella of christianity .
i am still holding out the olive branch , to give him every opportunity to explain his actions , and to make amends on what he tried to do to this thriving company that supports more than 6,000 employees and their families .
we are going to set up the new table foundation branch office !
optical scanners are so cheap now that even the smallest bank branches have machines that can pick up the serial numbers .
the sphinx corporation third branch office towered over the streets of the hellenistic sector , business vicinage .
the sphinx corporation third branch office was one of many massive buildings in noir ; it was a mile high and half mile across and back , and it stood as a giant in the city and dominated as a titan before the age of zeus .
my mom was project manager of research and development of the third branch office .
perhaps we should place more moles into the third branch office .
the traitor is theresa griffin , project manager of research and development of the third branch office .
it 's signed janus , head of security of the third branch office .
* * * elsewhere in noir ... zax waved to one of his fellow security officers as he left the sphinx corporation third branch office .
the third branch office mentioned something about a fire and that some of the research had been lost in it .
the third branch office crest of a gold olive tree with three branches was above it .
chapter forty - nine also known as 10:22 a.m ... hellenistic sector , business vicinage ... sphinx corporation third branch office ...
i have not gone by that name since my promotion from head of security for the third branch office , and kimberly has never heard me referred by it .
right away , sir , orthos said and then added , you do understand i can not erase any of the records at the second or main branch office .
we have to remain operational till the sphinx corporation main branch office can send us in some support , and i m sorry to say , but the t-3s are very clever .
this is a main vein - thingy and , at least as far as ops , it does nt have any branches you could mistake for the real thing , only recognisable rooms .
women are allowed to serve in any branch of the chinese armed forces , but were expected to resign when we get married .
and a whole branch focused on education .
most of the draftees had been assigned a branch of service after the first stage .
the un , after expelling these countries for consistent violations , fought back , using the scientific branch of its most powerful member , the us .
` ` i ' m in a different branch of the service . ''
her investigative branch needed someone not listed in any law enforcement database .
my analysis group and i have struggled over this and its also been processed through the analytical branch of our computer network .
the other branches are now calling for inquisition .
and his father suggested offering the olive branch to him , come to the negotiating table !
the cyan government carrier hovered over one of its planets largest bank branches .
i think a meeting is in orderwhen will you all be at our branch next ?
the bankers were now being given a much more complete set of information about customers when they came into branch .
there seemed to be one every 10 feet in bangkok but james had built up a little rapport with the staff in this particular branch and had even been extending his few words of thai beyond the basic hello sa wat dee krap .
the next morning , a good hour before the bank branches were due to open , a small queue of worried savers began to queue up to withdraw their money .
stories were soon circulating on facebook and twitter that various branches were running out of money , and refusing people access to their savings , fuelling the maelstrom even further .
by 2 pm , every branch of the bank reported large , angry crowds outside waiting impatiently to withdraw money .
i believe that the creation of the air force as an independent branch of our military is also a good idea .
rosengarten , who is the chief of atic 's aircraft and missiles branch , along with the only atic investigator , lt . jerry cummings .
at no time in our history , has there ever been an executive policy , from the executive branch of our government , which has ever disagreed with recommendations from the council on foreign relations .
jen laughed , ` ` no you do n't , you 're the first ever person to be offered a position in every science branch . ''
be that as it may , her considerable talents had her being head hunted by every branch of the science division , so maybe being an ' independent thinker ' was some of the appeal .
clearly he was in one of the shadow - armies scientific branches .
persheron 8 is one of 9 planets and 47 moons in the kroonum system whose sole purpose is law enforcement , jailing , detainment , execution , rehabilitation , law writing , law re - writing , finding of outdated laws and updating them , finding of updated laws and outdating them , covert undercover operations , and the seemingly never - ending creation , integration and upkeep of more branches of the upgrading , expansion , keeping up of and maintenance of kroonum civility , order & peace agency .
this fumbling , inefficient schmorgosborg is merely the solar enforcement branch of kroonum law enforcement .
in reality , ggfltd was neither a company , nor a government ... it was a cross - planetary , all encompassing ruling elite , consisting entirely of investment bankers , with a small subsidiary branch supplying arms to both the bnpt and tmhs .
other abduction cults had amalgamated with it , and now cobra was a global organisation with branches on every continent .
she was in the harajuku branch office two days out of the week so it would nt hurt to check .
i dropped by airi 's branch office but even though it was open there were no bodies or signs of violence .
velion continued , i have spent the last several days gathering as much intelligence about the incident as i can , and what i have surmised is that there is an unknown , but very well connected , branch of militants operating throughout the outer systems .
the president and multiple military advisors representing all branches of the service descended down the flight of stairs to the situation room located in the basement of the white house where events could be monitored properly .
the joint chiefs continued to monitor events in the situation room internationally as well as any potentially threatening events occurring within their own specific service branches , giving orders as directed by president andrews and general mccreary .
i then contacted a mr . simon giunchiglia of the sbss branch off- i m sorry , miss romo ?
he wrote that there was an american branch and that that is where the most influential members were .
but it is likely that there are other branches he was unaware of .
people trust their government to do the right thing , so they do not question it when a supposed branch has a dubious request , because it will be in their best interests to work alongside them .
does this woman think that the olympiae club is a branch of the government like my father did ?
he did that with an arrogant ease that had always annoyed ribeag , who was of the less ancient , noble , and elegant yet more powerful branch of the family .
it not only had branches in colorado but in alaska and canada as well .
these branches of the north american aerospace defense command were enormous and incredibly fortified .
i have the authority to make your team an official government branch with unlimited funds , resources ... absolutely anything you need .
who will run this new branch of the government ?
we have been kicking around a few ideas for naming this branch .
the company on earth is just the local branch , and only the president knows about the other divisions off planet , and that s only because he s not from earth either .
i hope you do nt mind , but i took the liberty of opening you a couple of account with the its credit bureau through the earth branch .
the staff at the central branch of the multnomah county library ( which becomes the congress building in this series ) helped me access additional information about both the tunnels and portland history , but that should be no surprise because librarians are just cool that way .
trained from childhood to fight and work for a common goal , they joined one of the branches of their military once they had proven themselves by receiving their nsiloq mark , a painful design drawn into the skin over their ribs .
and not in some metaphorical sense , either , in which a persons job or school or neighborhood or family or social circle acted as his protection against a harsh and uncaring world ; no , the people of haven quite literally spent several of their first few months growing in warm , protective glass wombs within the halls of the makers of mothers , which was a very old branch of the department of science .
they re a different branch just stopping in for a drink .
in the distance wodan saw the tall spires of an ancient cathedral bearing purple flags marked by scarred skulls , a branch of the church of the ugly .
he and his men were part of the third branch office 's corporate military .
you and your men are to return to the third branch office for your new orders .
lieutenant creed approached a secretary at the sphinx corporation third branch office .
then i want you to go into the third branch office s.c.m .
he says he has the files from the second branch office .
mr . griffin waited till his head of security entered and then questioned him , did you have any problems at the second branch office ?
i ' m the new press secretary for sphinx 's third branch office .
there may have been something in the old files from when you were head of security for this branch office , but since you ordered me three days ago to expunge all the files with your alias janus , the computer records are gone .
most of the times , there were other branches .
on their way through the brass trimmed glass doors at the local bank branch , they ran into their friends , sinead and miranda , who were just leaving .
during a visit to the washington branch of his cosworth technological high school system , he told a crowd of rapt students that there would be no reason for further interplanetary expansion because there simply is no better out there .
i learn rather quickly that oses include several branches , like departments .
the narrative voice alternates frequently , much as it does in prior volumes , but is told mostly from the perspectives of clara , her husband / not husband , epifanio ( fanio ) dang , and her adult son , zephyr branon , as well the first earthers to lead each branch of the earth - based chapters of the overseers ( oses ) , including moran ackerman , chief of the psi - warriors .
in 2064 , the government began giving pieces of itself , small branches , to the world university to run .
by that time , the university , then just texas tech university , had placed extensively powerful branches in major countries globally , such as the u.k . , china , japan , russia , india , germany , brazil , and many more .
if anything , i ' m surprised that someone whom i ' ve so trusted to run the most powerful and unknown branch of the government would be sofucking stupid . ''
she would n't be attending this reception and it was unlikely that anyone here knew that branch of the family very well .
while the junior branches were frequently amiable and most intelligent , and such in mind and manner as were calculated to inspire goodwill in all who knew them , he who held the family property , and who resided in the house now occupied by flora and her brothers , was a very soso sort of character .
the expedition had , of course , profoundly stirred the interest of the scientific world , and representatives of every branch of science , from all the civilized nations , urged their claims to places in the ships .
on the model of the celebrated corps of literary and scientific men which napoleon carried with him in his invasion of egypt , mr . edison selected a company of the foremost astronomers , archaeologists , anthropologists , botanists , bacteriologists , chemists , physicists , mathematicians , mechanicians , meteorologists and experts in mining , metallurgy and every other branch of practical science , as well as artists and photographers .
if they agree with that assessment then they ll report back to the grand senate , which will debate the supplementary budget that the executive branch will be tabling .
i have no authority on my own to confirm or deny your claim the branch head retains direct control over all claims related to starship damages .
thanks , ill remember you said that , but the point is that if the freemasons were involved in the original construction of the temple , then its highly possible there still exists a masonic branch or a lodge or whatever that has retained custodianship of the temple plans and knows of a secret entrance into the remnants of the temple and that s where this apparent key is that winstons buddy knows about ?
the asf is the law enforcement branch of the united states .
her full name was cleopatra of the snow , but in her role as head of the felidae branch of i.t.m.a .
chapter 6 : building a better powerhouse naomi sat in her red , mesh fabric office chair at work staring at the sales report for the branch office , as martina mcbride sang in her ear .
beth had come across this elaborate type of thinking before , the last time when she had to reorganise the filing system of the csps 's branch office on the world of tyylak .
the lunar branch of rfsa put it in orbit just two days ago , meaning even if mr . patterson has a grasp on earths other man - made satellites , he could not touch this one .
we suspect black swan beta , the companys software branch located somewhere in switzerland .
the firm had branch offices in san francisco , new york , london , paris , and tokyo .
this software operation with all of its branches is only a small part of an international conspiracy .
the two primary domestic intelligence branches of the alliance had a heated and fierce rivalry that involved a lot of paperwork and negotiating over the voxcom for gresham whenever something went wrong .
due to the lack of space at shoregrove , the upper echelons of the legislative and bureaucratic branches of allied government had moved off of the rotunda to these less assuming buildings along crest ave .
oma is , obviously , the defense branch where evans worked , as you already know .
his line of work and personal expertise means he works closely with the special intelligence service the alliances answer to the sukuda domestic branch .
` ` a branch of them called the tauxenent . ''
chans official sponsor would be a little known and hated branch of the inspector generals office whose work was never explained to anyone not subjected to such inspections .
my job is to determine the aerospace applications of emerging new technologies , and as a result i work closely with some of the nations leading tech companies and other branches of the government .
without my contacts , you would not be protected , and the executive branch would not have known about the department of defenses secret project , alex explained .
yet it became clear that one form alone dominated this branch of the galaxythe bipedal humanoid .
after some time we decided to help the most intelligent branches to flourish over the earlier species with whom they competed for the planet 's few materials .
the hittites were certainly an indo - european speaking group of people , as their greek neighbors ( germanic , greek , and celtic grew from the hittite branch of the indo - european languages ) , and their empire stretched over much of modern - day turkey and lebanon ; their civilization was possibly closely related to the ancient minoan civilization of crete ( which gave us minos and the legend of the minotaur , similar to the hittite bull cult ) .
he asked where she lived on seynorynael and seemed satisfied that falyndae was nt far from ariyalsynai ; he asked about her family and told her that the nelana - mi family had once been famous and that a branch of it was still known in noritek .
the science of individualism promotes freedom of expressionanything for the betterment of the self in all branches of study and actionwell , any creative activity that promotes a feeling of individual self - worth , that does nt contradict the other principles forget the science of individualism for a moment .
we all headed back through the tunnel until it became stone again , and then back to the beginning of that branch of tunnel .
photon has a branch there with an identical laboratory .
well have to have a talk with the branch chief .
he would only be terminated after a discussion with the branch chief and if compromises could be made , he would still have work and even if he did nt , he d find a way to survive .
* * * * * apollo ran a check on the other branches of the survey team .
if i was right , then the whole place would never have existed , at least not as a branch of the government .
the overseas bank has one of its branch offices here .
` ` and this is just one of hundreds of branches of law that you people need in order to exist as an organized society ? ''
mormonism itself happens to be a branch of the latter day saint movement , another christian sect , but we do n't need to go into those kind of details today , jeremy .
there were polite greetings and introductions and they were indeed all representatives of various branches of the so - called enforcement organization .
they were initially intended to be lab - rats , a step in the process of creating a better type of human , but while most of the other mutations were limited in number and have long since gone extinct , this particular branch has thrived .
where is the off - site information storage unit for this branch ?
this means there are cues for navigation , the first room number down a hallway will tell you what branch to take .
the fbi declined comment regarding the mismatch between kade kirst and a typical criminal , or a potential connection between this incident and the successful robbery of the downtown tempe chase bank branch during november of last year .
it seems like we picked the wrong branch to stakeout .
the points of concern were mostly near branch points , but there were some narrow vessel tracts that i attended to as well .
kade , leon mumey and nate skoler were involved in the robbery of the chase bank branch in tempe , arizona , along with angelle forstow 's daughter , sam .
there have been several branches of this intriguing science- or more accurately art , perhaps- but the most important was that of the congine monks of eraptor . ''
each category covers one of the main branches of telpid thought- of which there are said to be approximately one thousand- and within each category there are specific emotional tones , arranged on a scale like a musical octave , only rather more complicated .
its tenets reach out into every area of philosophical inquiry , of which aesthetics is only a single branch .
trade federation ` ` brothers , '' said the councilor jjbeb orson of cartel orson , our spies have confirmed the great news , the golden ones are going to invade the planet called earth , and they will bring the sixth branch of humanity in to the great game .
the biggest changes will be for the humans and of course the liaison branch for they will need to learn russian .
by noon only three hours after the invasion south africa was down to only one branch of the military .
on dec . 26th she was planning to work on the creation of her cabinet and leadership branch .
all the major functions of the government were controlled by the executive branch they would continue to operate as he wished .
his contacts in the executive branch had confirmed that the chief justice was opposed to any impeachment as well as being prevented from leaving his current area due to national security reasons .
it had many state branches .
templar miniseries psychrons : a branch of physicians dealing in series - deprogramming , who originally came from earth in 89 bs .
the branch of a former race , of which the aaron came from , that was thought extinct but still exists .
i d like to go on record here and say that i strongly disagree with your decision to require said incomplete vaccination among the branches of the armed forces , and no amount of pressure to hand over another incomplete iteration of the vaccine until it is perfected will get me to do so .
because i do nt give a good god damn about what branch you represent .
when she had first learned about this legendary room literally legendary , as there was much debate about whether or not it actually existed she had imagined a largely empty room with wisps of uncertainty that sort of tickled the corner of your eye when you gazed around , accessible only to the greatest and most secretive branches of the government .
they do nt have cognitive mathematics on earth yet , john began , but this branch of physics basically proves that human thought and behavior can be mathematically determined .
at one end of the planes cargo hold was a group of ten soldiers , with each their own specialty , made up from different branches of the u.s . military .
especially the military branch of it .
it was a different branch of a terrorist group that had been terrorizing a middle eastern country for several months .
what s the difference , are nt they all branches of the same thing ?
the mackinnon commune of the primary divinity its a branch of catholicism that has literally little to nothing to do with catholicism anymore .
the five of us ; dorian , cc , sasha , michael , and i , will control a new branch of the government .
there will be the executive branch , the executive branch , the judicial branch , and a forth .
there will be the executive branch , the executive branch , the judicial branch , and a forth .
there will be the executive branch , the executive branch , the judicial branch , and a forth .
pity kwit - fit never opened a branch in the english channel .
tesco opened a new branch in the north sea .
those same people have a branch that specializes in kidnapping certain skilled people for someone . ''
he started adding numbers to the various branches off those streams as things changed .
you trace that up from its origin point till you hit its v branch , follow that till you hit the r branch of that line and then seventeen breaks later , you find us .
you trace that up from its origin point till you hit its v branch , follow that till you hit the r branch of that line and then seventeen breaks later , you find us .
all the different branches stem from a prime somewhere .
lets say i want to get to a branch of time that diverged off of this one a few minutes ago .
she points to the n branch .
the legacy had the highest secrecy classification a ship could have in the air force or any other branch of service .
it looked like a lot of work just to get up to the lowest branch .
he represented the scientific branch of the clan and was responsible for the quantum exciter .
please , moretz , my students and i would enjoy it if you showed us to the universe 84 , subversion 10 , branch c , earth .
we merged all branches of the earth vault nearly two decades ago .
the genetic drive to succeed against ones competitors increased tenfold when the competitors fought not for themselves alone but for the very essence of their branch of evolution and life .
i work for special branch , but i am a actually scientist , lad , a physicist - my specialty is the ther , multidimensional geometry , all that .
i am afraid that i may not be able to do that , given my prior commitment to his majesty , and his majestys special branch .
all you need is cash , thought rex andromedas , as he stepped outside the daugapils airport branch office of kerenski helicopters .
i thought of the other branch .
but now it comes in triple tattoos , too fast to be the branch .
grandson cuto of the t'loop family , lo'anen branch , as'elda sub - branch - he has mentioned these previously - on board the human hakan construct . ''
grandson cuto of the t'loop family , lo'anen branch , as'elda sub - branch - he has mentioned these previously - on board the human hakan construct . ''
i believe that the failure to mention a family branch is significant .
it was a secretive branch of the military that conducted small - scale clinical trials using performance enhancing pharmaceuticals on soldiers .
i worked in the disciplinary branch of the government , and i would sit in at court hearings to make sure the right punishments were carried outmake sure mypunishments were carried out .
the insignia of the vanguard branch was on the front .
the seal of the commission medical branch was on the back .
why am i in ... the dive championship ... the branch ... i am alive !
` ` everything leading up to the mysterious branch . ''
` ` mysterious branch ?
based off calivera 's recital and her response to the branch blocking his exit , it seemed safe to conclude , the branch had always appeared to exist for everyone else .
the unexplainable appearance of that branch changed it all .
` ` the deeds tell us : transcendence is not a destination , but a new branch to explore in the eternal tree of the provider .
both branches of the kingdom were of equal importance and the sages were to work together and check each other on balance .
the military branch officials wore red robes , including their sage , hence the red sage , and the administration branch officials wore white robes , hence giving its sage a title , the white sage .
the military branch officials wore red robes , including their sage , hence the red sage , and the administration branch officials wore white robes , hence giving its sage a title , the white sage .
whether to make that change culbert talked about was essentially all up to reynhart , but culbert belittled the red half council , the military branch , his contemptuous eyes always looking down on reynhart .
salozara , moongrave city and some other small towns were in the osa familys district , a rising noble family in the administration branch .
during this ocean voyage , dastou would enter his branch of the null bank , one he built up for several years after becoming a saint at ten years old .
there is a busy branch above the prison .
it is a busy branch of the lnear .
shortly the scene below vanished as they backed down the linedfinally , the train emerged from the branch .
the entire party then opened up , aiming at various levels above the branch line .
your paper has a branch there do they not ?
the flat black eyes , we later learn , are the hallmark of the branch of the onsiras called the zengei .
it occurred to me that the child of the two branches of humanity , if it took after the father , might be really , really large .
` ` yes , i work for branch of the us government agency known as the nsa that tracks down and nullifies bio - terrorists .
our investigators have only been looking for an hour but they have n't found any records of you being in any branch of the armed forces .
you and others like you are the branch of consciousness that aughra is taking through the multiuniverse .
again , you are a branch of the one who made the machine aughra , it 's the precursor to the allgrul crystals .
also an issue , is the fact that the memphis branch of the resistance is responsible for procuring fuel for our vehicles .
remember , this branch of the resistance is responsible for smuggling fuel to us and all the others .
to save me , he signed me up for the healing hands initiative , a branch of the new government project created by then senator christopher drummond called the restoration .
a general alarm has been declared for all branches of the armed forces .
whole branches of humanity were embodied in this sleeping teen .
` ` for generations , these ' lowly ' branches of the tree existed and at the end , its scion met with the single most influential branch that remained .
` ` for generations , these ' lowly ' branches of the tree existed and at the end , its scion met with the single most influential branch that remained .
` ` the influence did not matter at the end of all things , but our guidance did change the outcome of those branches .
there are three branches to our government , and we are only one of the three .
michael and i head to the short branch saloon , the only game in a one horse town .
so we head for the short branch , which is closed before noon .
in this branch of business apparently , sir jacob says , we do nt fire them , we fire at them .
the cats go atop their favorite horses saddle in a little open basket with a branch jail cell arrangement over the top .
he made out the bold sign , parked in their little lot , which this particular branch of new - path shared with a bakery , and walked in an uneven manner up the path to the front door , hands stuffed in his pockets , doing his loaded - and - miserable number .
another branch , bob arctor reflected , of the authorities .
topology is the branch of math that investigates the properties of a geometric or other configuration that are unaltered if the thing is subjected to a one - to - one , any one - to - one , continuous transformation .
by inseminating the earther , effecting the commingling of the magellanic and milky way branches of abu 's great family , the emperor and my father ( and , unknown to him , nora ) had planned to produce the sphinx 's messiah .
five years ago , the terrestrial planetary government ( not be confused with the central galactic committee , based on earth , and ruling the galactic confederation ) allowed the establishment of the mnemonic service as a branch of the department of the interior .
grant glanced out through the observation window to see the usual sight of men and women in white , bustling about in almost visible asepsis , surrounded by the hard gleam of metal - ware , sharp and cold ; and all of it dwarfed and rendered insignificant by the proliferation of electronic instruments that had converted medicine into a branch of engineering .
` ` we 'll be at the branch in two minutes .
by 2000 , the industrial combines had become a branch of the world government and , thereafter , the financing of research and therefore its direction naturally became centralized under a department of the government .
every branch of science was fitted neatly to the needs of the public , and the various branches of science were co - ordinated decently .
every branch of science was fitted neatly to the needs of the public , and the various branches of science were co - ordinated decently .
for nine more years , papers in every branch of science had come to him for polishing and a little of each had crept into his capacious mind .
some dramatic discovery of public interest on primitive man or on a new surgical technique , or on any branch of spationautics could mean a very cash - attracting article in any of the mass media of communication .
you 'll have a branch managership at the least if you have any brains at all , and you will have , because i 'll tell you what to do .
deveney said , ` ` well , according to the thinking of most paleoanthropologists over the past sixty or seventy years , the neanderthals certainly must be considered to be a form of homo sapiens , miss fellowes - an archaic branch of the species , perhaps , or a subspecies , a kind of backwoods cousin , so to speak , but definitely close kin , definitely to be considered human- '' impatiently hoskins cut in .
they 're a separate group , off on an evolutionary branch of their own , or so nearly every scientist believes today .
his facial features are those of the neanderthal branch of the human race .
` ` he 's simply from a different branch of the human race , that 's all .
harley smythe - robertson - who was descended from both branches of the family that had founded u. s. robots , and had adopted the hyphenated name by way of declaring that fact - looked remarkably unhappy at the sight of andrew .
andrew had to start from the very beginning , for he knew nothing of ordinary biology , almost nothing of any branch of science other than robotics .
it was just a sort of local branch .
this institute is made up of over a hundred topnotch roboticists of different ages , advancements , and skills and we hope to establish branches on other worlds and make it an interstellar association .
it is a recognized branch of art .
in fact , a whole branch of literature now exists in which heroes and adventurers ( and victims ) must dare the dangers of passing through billibotton .
me result is that the tax - collecting branch of the government grows in size and complexity and tends to become uncontrollable .
it is usually defined as that branch of mathematics that deals with the overall reactions of large groups of human beings to given stimuli under given conditions .
were it not for the fact that , as soon as a particular branch is taken , there is an extinction of a vast array of others in its future , all would soon become unmanageable .
from every action and every event in our reality , there are new branches that set off , with only one in each separate case being a continuation of reality , so that there are vast numbers of potential universes - perhaps an infinite number - stemming from ours , but all of them are presumably alike in containing the one - intelligence galaxy in which we live .
there was a large dormitory set up for the militant branch of the white council , where i could generally be confident of finding a surly , suspicious face .
illusions are a fascinating branch of magic .
what branch of evolution are they ?
for now however it belonged to the various branches of the mcclure family and was used , like most of the land of the point , for the raising of top - grade dairy herds .
` ` religion and psychiatry are but two branches of the healing art . ''
` ` i am with the tourist relations branch of the spanish guardia here in seville .
the computer said : ` ` the island is occupied by clan dornbaker and related groups -- coogans , atvards ... '' ` ` there is even a tchung branch on the island , '' the director said .
` ` the great bass - baritone peter dawson -- which is also the name of a very good branch of sctoch -- in ' walzing matilda . '
they had been accumulated across two centuries of travel , among branches of the human family that had been weathered and roughened by alien environments , xenophobia , xenophilia , rates of mortality that the home cluster had n't seen since the expansion began .
if all versions of the code were given equal status , then the lives of such creatures would spread out across the universe like the ever - splitting branches of a chess decision matrix , splaying to meet all contingencies .
he walked away from her , passed by the posterior row of desks , the rank of square gray metal shapes upon which the business of this branch of earth 's police agency was conducted .
the words disturbed him ; they did not seem to originate in any of the branches of his mentality .
` ` farad sinter has been given his own commission , a new branch under the emperor 's budget .
the storm blast whistles through the branches of the empire even now .
a new branch of administration has been formed , the commission for the general security , and it has made its first task the investigation of the possibility that this empire has been infiltrated for thousands of years by malevolent forces .
he had studied key branches carefully on his inspection tour .
we ' ve had a steady membership of hystorians since aristotle 's time , spread out in branches all over the world .
the ex - plumber , supreme goodmember arnie kott of the water workers ' local , fourth planet branch , rose from his bed at ten in the morning and as was his custom strolled directly to the steam bath .
in his opinion it was a foolish ruling , but nonetheless ... vengeance is mine , sayeth the extraterrestrial repairmen 's union , martian branch .
silently , they continued on back to lewistown , carrying with them the body of arnie kott ; carrying arnie home to his settlement , where he was -- and probably always would be -- supreme goodmember of his water workers ' union , fourth planet branch .
` ` we were supposed to start at dawn today , head out to the southern valley and scout for another branch location .
in both branches of possibility lilistar had lost the war .
` ` for that , you need to visit our wonderful new branch in the city center , just two blocks from the aquadome . ''
furthermore , the administration preferred a large contact team of thirty people , including three theologians , a lawyer , a physician , a representative from the state department , a representative from the joint chiefs , a select group from the legislative branch , an aerospace engineer , an exobiologist , a nuclear physicist , a cultural anthropologist , and a television anchor personality .
experts from every branch come and try to open it .
the telepathic branch of the cia or fbi , set up on an island in the pacific .
22 they entered the clearing , and the first thing they saw was the body of corporal branch , or whatever it was that called itself corporal branch .
22 they entered the clearing , and the first thing they saw was the body of corporal branch , or whatever it was that called itself corporal branch .
if i had n't walked over to check branch for weapons , i would have .
there 's a wardrobe section , too , representing every branch of the service and every possible rank , with all the gear to go with it , belts and boots and the military version of the fanny pack .
stone and the others had insisted that they retain control over the detonate / no detonate decision ; the aec and the executive branch had been reluctant .
today , she wore the orange with black trim of special services , but without a brassard to indicate the branch .
resealing was one of the few branches of forgery that shai had n't studied in depth .
some sort of paranormal branch ? ''
michael had grown to almost six feet , a prodigious height for an irish channel kid , and a record for his branch of the curry family .
other branches - notably the descendants of lestan and maurice -remained staunchly french , and if and when they moved to new orleans they preferred to live ' downtown ' with other french - speaking creoles , in or around the french quarter or on esplanade avenue the legacy family , with katherine 's marriage to darcy monahan , became firmly ensconced in the uptown ' american ' garden district .
perhaps it is safe to say that with the death of ' monsieur juhen ' ( who was in fact half irish ) the house on first street lost the very last of its french or creole character julien 's sister , katherine , and his brother , remy , had already preceded him to the grave , and so had his daughter , jeannette thereafter - in spite of the huge family gatherings which included french - speaking cousins by the hundreds - the core family was an irish - american catholic family as the years passed , the french - speaking branches lost their creole identity as well , as have so many other louisiana creole families the french language has all but died out in every known branch and as we move towards the last decade of the twentieth century , it is difficult to find a true french - speaking mayfair descendant anywhere this brings us to one other crucial observation - which is all too easily overlooked when proceeding with this narrative with the death of juhen , the mayfair family may have lost the last member who really knew its history we can not know but it seems more than likely and as we converse more with descendants and gather more of their preposterous legends about the plantation days , it seems a certainty as a consequence , from 1914 on , any member of the talamasca investigating the mayfair family could not help but be aware that he or she knew more about the family than the family appeared to know about itself and this has led to considerable confusion and stress on the part of our investigators .
perhaps it is safe to say that with the death of ' monsieur juhen ' ( who was in fact half irish ) the house on first street lost the very last of its french or creole character julien 's sister , katherine , and his brother , remy , had already preceded him to the grave , and so had his daughter , jeannette thereafter - in spite of the huge family gatherings which included french - speaking cousins by the hundreds - the core family was an irish - american catholic family as the years passed , the french - speaking branches lost their creole identity as well , as have so many other louisiana creole families the french language has all but died out in every known branch and as we move towards the last decade of the twentieth century , it is difficult to find a true french - speaking mayfair descendant anywhere this brings us to one other crucial observation - which is all too easily overlooked when proceeding with this narrative with the death of juhen , the mayfair family may have lost the last member who really knew its history we can not know but it seems more than likely and as we converse more with descendants and gather more of their preposterous legends about the plantation days , it seems a certainty as a consequence , from 1914 on , any member of the talamasca investigating the mayfair family could not help but be aware that he or she knew more about the family than the family appeared to know about itself and this has led to considerable confusion and stress on the part of our investigators .
one branch of the mayfair family - descendants of clay mayfair who now live in new york - will have nothing to do with the new orleans mayfairs on account of such an entanglement with mary beth which took place in .
some made arrangements to stay over a week or two with this or that branch of the family .
look at the many branches of this family .
` ` i belong to the reformed branch of the neoamerican church , the new christian church of the united states and canada .
trying not to think any more about what had passed between the two of them , dess imagined having a whole branch of mathematics named after her .
lightsong still felt life down a side tunnel , but he chose the other branch to explore .
` ` and maybe she would n't much care for this particular branch of your business ? ''
it was not uncommon in the army for a man to be commissioned when he was needed , if a rarer phenomenon in the corps , where the dragon made the rank , than in other branches .
they included representatives from her majesty 's army , the bomb disposal squad , m 15 , m 16 , the special branch , and the cia .
his only real friend , nick lawrence , a lonely canadian , had recently transferred to another branch , and simon sat by himself in the staff canteen , staring out at the docklands lego landscape , picking at a limp green salad .
it split somewhere outside of raleigh and i continued on the increasingly rural branch of the two , taking me through old north carolina .
actually there were probably a couple more hominids , but the point is there were say five or six sub - species of humans and that our branch of the human tree explodes while the others die out .
a deposit of five million dollars to a jp morgan bank account in america - a new york branch .
what if those children or others like them are the first members of a new branch emerging in the human genetic tree ?
the immari intelligence branch . ''
nor did i know clocktower was their covert ops branch .
` ` your intelligence branches recruited nazi scientists , offering them asylum and new identities , in exchange for their employment into top - secret projects .
` ` she did come out of the intelligence branch of the navy .
monk was suddenly glad kat had risen through the ranks in the intelligence branch .
rachel 's uncle vigor , as head of the vatican 's intelligence branch , had supplied sigma with a complete and detailed dossier on the catholic father .
who would have known your defense department 's research - and - development branch had perfected a portable scanning electron microscope ?
recruited from leningrad state university , he had risen to his position through the ranks of the military 's scientific branches .
and on top of resecuring the facility here , he was fielding nonstop calls from every branch of the intelligence agency : both about what had happened here and about the aborted terrorist act at chernobyl .
the two branches were the nephites and lamanites .
when he 'd left last night with lisa , kat had still been in the bunker , running logistics for gray 's operation and coordinating the various intelligence branches .
they appeared to be top military brass from every branch of service .
he recruited only those he fully trusted , reaching out to a handful of people in various intelligence branches , but mostly he kept this entire operation in - house .
this branch of the gant clan is to be pruned away , including all the fruit born from it .
another crowd of people poured out of a branch corridor , heading for the reassuring presence of the police and the bright casino lights .
` ` so you take a company that seems to be lacking an institutional conscience , that has enough government research contracts to almost be a privately run branch of the military .
the seven others with seats at the table were the heads of their respective branches of the united nations military forces , all of them men .
the heads of all the major branches of the behemoth 's structural tree were present : sam for engineering , bull for security , chan for the research teams , bennie cortland - mapu for health services , anamarie ruiz for infrastructure , and so on , filling the two dozen seats around the great conference table .
as director of the group , painter had gathered a select group of special forces soldiers from across the different branches of service and retrained them in various scientific disciplines to act as field operatives for darpa .
burton 's neighbor to the north - an earthbound branch of the loca griega - were seeing raids on their drug manufacturing houses .
that branch of the business had been compromised , and so it would die .
it does not think of itself this way because it does not think , but the environment changes , a new branch of possibilities opens , and it forms the investigator and leans into the new crack .
` ` i told you about this , '' she said , ` ` that there are good moves - maybe even forced moves - in design space because we see things that show up again and again all through different branches of the tree of life . ''
upon reaching it again , he felt certain he had tried four of the five branches , so he jogged down the unfamiliar iron hall .
` ` what branch should i aim for ? ''
most orthodox branches are pointedly against cremation .
antechamber 's excellent imitation of a froth - mouthed dog during his proclamation so embarrassed the more practical administrative branch of the truffidian church- '' them what pay the bills , '' as an artist friend of mine once put it - that they neglected to impose a sentence or a penalty .
i had managed to subvert and divert the resources of an entire institution of higher learning to the contemplation of a single question with many branches .
unfortunately , there are always a few black sheep in any flock , and an unscrupulous fellow in one of the minor branches of the family saw a chance to make a killing . '
i will become thy niece , countess polina , the flower of an obscure branch of thy family .
our holy mother in chyrellos did n't make many friends in this part of the world when she tried to re - assimilate herself with the branches of elene faith in western daresia during the ninth century . '
' nobody can subvert an entire branch of government , ' he declared .
the customary approach is to have everybody in custody before you start issuing proclamations and disbanding branches of government . '
do you suppose i might transfer them into your enforcement branch ?
he hinted that he 'd already bought off the interior ministry and the customs branch of the chancellory of the exchequer . '
kring 's ancestors had migrated from this vast grassland some three thousand years earlier , but despite the separation of time and distance , the two branches of the peloi family were remarkably similar in matters of dress and custom .
' murder is a crime , your majesty , ' stragen pointed out , ' and as a leader of criminals , i should have some experience in all branches of the field .
i understand that the little thief has branch offices in most of the cities and towns in mallorea .
barak will be following kheldar , so he 'll be checking in at every one of your branch offices in mallorea for information .
there are branches of learning at that university that the tolnedrans wo n't even admit exist . ''
a mistake with some poison , however , could wipe out whole branches of my government .
` ` the dals are involved in all branches of arcane knowledge - necromancy , wizardry , magic , witchcraft - all of these and more .
` ` skepticism is one of the major branches of study there . ''
' was n't that what you meant when you said ` ` branch of the family '' ? '
` ` they 're another branch of the family , eleria , '' zelana told her .
i knew that one branch of the stokers was a family named gardella from italy , which explained the faint olive tone of her skin .
every major city - and most smaller ones - had a branch of the vns located within its limits , though often it was unmarked .
we know this is a branch of the vns , and we have some very serious stuff to talk about .
i ' m not going to waltz into some random vns branch again .
she knew the man only by reputation ; bronze yohn 's cousin , from a lesser branch of house royce , yet still a formidable lord in his own right .
closest to sansa 's own age were the cousins elinor , alla , and megga , tyrells from junior branches of the house .
` ` your father 's father had no siblings , but his father had a sister who married a younger son of lord raymar royce , of the junior branch .
the senior branch of house royce was close to open revolt over her aunt 's failure to aid robb in his war , and the waynwoods , redforts , belmores , and templetons were giving them every support .
one of those others is bronze yohn , after all , and nestor is very much aware that he was born of the lesser branch of house royce .
his was a lesser branch of house payne , an impoverished offshoot sprouted from the loins of a younger son .
and yohn royce , mightiest of them all , the redoubtable bronze yohn , lord of runestone , nestor 's cousin and the chief of the senior branch of house royce .
there are several branches of house arryn scattered across the vale , all as proud as they are penurious , save for the gulltown arryns , who had the rare good sense to marry merchants .
ser denys hailed from one of the poor , proud branches ... but he was also a renowned jouster , handsome and gallant and brimming with courtesy .
some passed the castle to their own sons and grandsons , and offshoot branches of house stark had arisen ; the greystarks had lasted the longest , holding the wolf 's den for five centuries , until they presumed to join the dreadfort in rebellion against the starks of winterfell .
` ` name and branch ? ''
air force , '' i reply , blurting out a random name and the first branch that comes to mind .
metias did pick me once - once - for a mission last year , when all third - year drake students had to shadow an assigned military branch .
i hear from the sky , and my battlemore responds , whirling round towards the fire as the beasts of the clearing do the same , and here come the source , the man from the clearing , and the knife 's one in particular- ben and bradley and viola- their beasts racing towards me now , towards the small space in the burning trees , where we will not be able to stay for long but which might just avoid the vessel still screaming down- and all around us the land 's fear courses through me , their terror , their deaths , and i feel more than just the ones i can see , the ones running by my charging battlemore , i can feel them all , i feel the soldiers remaining to the north of the valley and the soldiers to the south , trying to save themselves in a forest where every tree blazes , where the fire keeps leaping from branch to branch , even in the falling ice , leaping faster than many of them can run and i feel the land up the river , too , away from this inferno , watching it roar up the valley towards them , overtaking some of those who flee , and i see it all , too , see through the eyes of every land- i see the eyes of this planet , watching itself burn- and i burn , too- ` ` hurry ! ''
the speaker looked at them angrily and swallowing his anger , he continued when subedei bahadur , the general of genghis khan came to conquer budapest in 1241 a.d . he divided his army and sent them in three branches : one of the columns by a northern route , another through transylvania in the south and the third directly .
the secret was preserved for centuries by the priory of scion , whose military branch , the knights templar , had guarded not only the roads to the holy land , but this secret .
the hunts - bama dome has learned from a reliable source that the six remaining governments united europe , united asia , united africa , united middle east , united south american , and united north america have formed a new branch within the united earth government .
the branch is designed for space missions , not to study intergalactic theories , but to send a team of astronauts to another planet outside our galaxy .
ira has planted , transplanted , and grown his own garden of young saplings , loyal boys and girls seeding them into each military branch , station , post , and castle of rexs new formed military .
a large sign carved into the stone read : toronto public library , gladstone / bloor branch .
agent : elizabeth steele years in service : 15 years service stationed at : hive # 416 , toronto branch .
strip these of all smaller branches .
they worked very closely with active military including the air force and special forces from all the branches .
he 's the head of the london branch of the inquisition .
once done , a call came in a matter of minutes from the companys branch in india to set up a telephonic interview which was to take place right away .
i follow our religious branch and am against using our powers for gain , but master cronus believes we are heirs to power .
firstly , it extends an even bigger olive branch out to brandon and vincent by showing them that i ' m willing to take orders and even volunteer when the need arises . ''
he made plans for the phantoms from the beginning ; plans to turn them into a branch of authority .
the bad news is she has to stick around and be debriefed by every department of every branch of the us government .
which was kind of misleading when the salaries of all the top executives were posted on the web and their numbers with six zeros behind them were very inequitable with joseph and the rest of the branch offices 3 zeros behind theirs .
dc carpet and drapes is the most sophisticated and secretive branch of the government .
we left information that brought a branch of the universal government to collect her .
somewhere in his past there was an unexpected interloper by the name of angus or doug who 'd mysteriously started a fruitful branch , probably in the highlands .
the next and final branch of the climb has to be done with haste , yet precision .
being in the marines , or any branch of the military , you re privy to a lot more information than the average citizen .
upperclassmen transferring from branch campuses do wind up in the dorms .
the last king said it was hidden ` ` high in the ancient castle ... '' the hall divided into three branches .
jill branch could be just about anywhere in the building by now .
the first page had a carefully hand - written note in blue ink : miss branch , the office computer of tanaka brothers gallery on the aurora bridge mall contains a list i should very much like to see .
but someone acted on behalf of the special branch to put the prisoner in your care ?
a gocom i d was stolen , and it was probably stolen by jillian branch .
there are thirty - seven known anterran citizens with the name jillian branch .
i assumed your request regarded the jillian branch whom your department arrested recently .
corey led them down one branch of the locker room where two new uniforms , external armor gleaming , were propped behind side - by - side glass doors .
but if i expose an entire secret branch of the government ... !
the first page was still there : miss branch , the office computer of tanaka brothers gallery , on the aurora bridge mall , contains a list i should very much like to see .
of course , miss branch .
the boss dashed into the reception area for first anterran family insurance , korean town branch , and locked the door behind him .
jillian branch just helped nab one of the biggest criminal ring leaders in anterra .
the man frowned and continued , we are also concerned about the role of the new field team you have assembled around miss branch .
they are the military branch for the whole division .
now there are branches of the organization spread across the southern united states .
he is nicks trainer and was actually a part of this branch and on a team with some of your parents years ago when he was active .
this race of primates being the extreme southern branch of what are known in popular culture as sasquatches , it was little wonder that their existence was met with such skepticism .
he thinks that since its not a very well - respected branch of science , even if the experiments work , the rest of the scientific community will just write me off as a quack and wo nt even read the paper which would put us right back to where we started from .
my father and uncles sought out distant branches of the family tree , those that had long been apart from the pack , and had some human blood mixed in .
even if this turns out to be one of those wishes that take the wrong branch , you have no choice ; you ll have to follow it to the end .
she stood for several minutes waiting for something to happen , but nothing did save a few cars passing by and another train clattering overhead , this time on the branch line .
were only kin by our biological goddess - mamas , god - daddies , brothers , sisters , grandmas and grandpas , aunts , uncles , and cousins , like a human family tree with many branches .
it is called , parkeshan branch .
i must have grimaced when i saw it , because she reassured me that what i would be eating comes from a completely different branch of wildlife .
its here , in parkeshan branch .
there s nowhere else to stay here in branch .
the whole ride i kept my eyes closed , until i realized we were out of branch .
is he the king of branch or parkesh or something ?
not a military base , not a prison , not a building associated with the dps or any other branch of the iof in any way .
lady acacia was the only wizard woman who worked at allied alchemy international , a globally diversified company with branches tied to all kinds of cutting - edge technology .
with several generations and branches of the family living in the keep with us , it was nothing short of miraculous to get to my room without a single encounter .
if i remember correctly , there are three branches .
after she verified the accuracy of this information , george had ordered her to take the quickest flight to the sarasota branch location to meet with him over an important discovery .
i m sharon richardson from the seattle branch with an appointment to see mr . hendricks .
once you ve successfully linked with us , you can return to the seattle branch facility and link with the two empaths you have employed for you there , george said .
chelsea , when you enlist , what branch of the military do you want to be in ?
i am in control , she said , her filed teeth glinting in the dim light of the branch corridor .
there are branches .
in three years he worked his way up to branch manager , and was proving himself at every level .
for seven generations , the familys branches will wither and die .
chapter 7 clementine passed the public librarys main branch every day on her way to school , though shed never gone in before .
illuminated like this , the beasts could have been some lost , evolutionary branch of ape , a creature giving rise to legends of fearsome monsters , to fairy tales of beauties and beasts .
these chiasmus are an evolutionary throwback ; actually a branch of humanity , would you believe ?
and the chiasmus are a far older branch of humanity than you are ; a more elemental offshoot .
you d think it would be common knowledge how one of the power branches of paranormals became extinct , i commented .
he has access to all branches of the government , including the military .
we learned that these arts came from the ancient ones as well but had been broken up into different branches because some found it too difficult to pull them all together .
upon refusal , food markets , bank branches , airports and other public freedoms that were given at one time were strictly prohibited to utilize .
the top down system of control that extends from , but does not include , the executive branch at the point , to your local mail carrier at the base .
now , unfortunately , in a field like neuroscience it turns out that if i do n't , that even with a master 's degree i am going to be relegated to either basically tending other people 's lab experiments for the rest of my life or to working in some related branch of the pharmaceutical industry , probably marketing , and i ' m starting to have some ethical issues with that .
over time , his other abilities came to the fore and he found himself quickly promoted through the ranks , until finally being given his latest role as an infiltrator ; a branch of forward reconnaissance whose purpose was to scout enemy fortifications and disrupt supply lines before engagements .
but the constant morning - to - night absorption in the teachings , meant i was full to overflowing with the religion by the time i got to australia - so much so that of my own free will , i actually sought out the local branch of our church in sydney .
soon out of high school , i landed a job doing clerical work at the local branch of a major bank .
the only reason i found out , was because the bank manager told me some five years later when i happened to pay a visit to the branch after returning from my working - holiday to australia .
nevertheless , we were still forced during those regular daytime hours to also do door - to - door sales in our assigned areas around the branch .
unfortunately , the particular job i was doing enabled me to see the branch managers salary .
do you truly think your job at that little bank branch is the only role available for you in this world ?
his old friend was considered by many to be the foremost scholar in several branches of mathematics .
the branch manager came to the door and nodded toward patricia .
i went to the branch office of my bank and told them i would need $ 20,000 in new hundreds but they told me it would nt be ready for three days and i was afraid that such a request might have sounded some kind of internal alarm in the bank .
the sumeriansthose foremost civilized and civilizing ancient people whose monuments and high art of 5000 years ago are the wonders of the modern worldwere the long lost aryans the phoenicians were not semites , as has been hitherto supposed , but aryans and the chief colonizing branch of the sumerians ; and that the people who colonized and civilized india , as well as those who colonized and civilized the mediterranean , northwest europe , and britain , and who were the ancestors of the britons , were literate aryans , and belonged predominately to the phoenician branches of that race .
the sumeriansthose foremost civilized and civilizing ancient people whose monuments and high art of 5000 years ago are the wonders of the modern worldwere the long lost aryans the phoenicians were not semites , as has been hitherto supposed , but aryans and the chief colonizing branch of the sumerians ; and that the people who colonized and civilized india , as well as those who colonized and civilized the mediterranean , northwest europe , and britain , and who were the ancestors of the britons , were literate aryans , and belonged predominately to the phoenician branches of that race .
i came away with newly acquired knowledge of and even greater respect for the men and women who practiced this branch of medicine .
we have been raised in the belief of three competing branches of government .
because of that belief , provisions were put into the constitution that allowed the house to overrule any other branch of the government , lars continued .
we will have a new third branch of the government , paul said .
the third branch of government will mirror the house .
since then , the various family branches have been arguing about whether to tear it down or carry out very expensive preservation .
i am the manager of the regents park branch of the sharia islamic bank of arabia .
the armed response team had been quizzed by the internal investigations branch , standard procedure in a fatal shooting , and their recollections matched the findings of the crime scene investigators .
in the meantime , you , having used the full resources of the investigative branch , conclude that mac is the chameleon and you are so certain that you convince me to issue a notice on him .
the marines had long been considered the only incorruptible branch of the military .
the army was notoriously riddled with rot but the marines , for whatever reason , could nt be bought off , and so were the most feared of the law enforcement branches .
clayton , and his opposite numbers in special branch , liked to keep an eye mcfosters , but did nt usually bother to see him off on his travels .
at one time , a clerk in the branch of the manhattan state bank , where several million dollars was held anonymously , had even claimed that the account had been closed .
ill stand guard with you , he said , showing his special branch i d card .
special branch and mi5 know only some of claytons sources , he tells me .
i only ask because at some stage , i shall need to liaise with the guarda special branch , as well as the yards .
go through them with one of your chums in special branch or the anti - terrorist squad , or both , and make sure they re all as complete as we can make them .
on the other hand , countered sir robin , mi5 must be briefed , and they report to the home office , as does scotland yard and therefore the anti - terrorist squad and special branch .
the northern ireland office will have a responsibility for the ni police service who must get involved because of its own anti - terrorist branch and special branch , and the prison service , another home office responsibility , will have to agree to us using the man who is doing time for fraud .
the northern ireland office will have a responsibility for the ni police service who must get involved because of its own anti - terrorist branch and special branch , and the prison service , another home office responsibility , will have to agree to us using the man who is doing time for fraud .
tomorrow , said clayton , i must introduce you to the chaps in special branch .
* * * during the past couple of days , clayton and marsden had held a series of meetings with special branch at the nips hq at knock , and with colleagues in the sas detachment based at bessbrook mill .
major bill clayton grabbed the phone , and spoke urgently to the head of special branch .
from the cats point of view , the important thing was that the irish government had agreed to this little operation , and arranged for their version of special branch , dressed up as workmen , to close the only public road within miles .
for some reason , though , the yards special branch and anti - terrorist squad had nt been able to track them down .
calvin , you are at the philadelphia branch of the agency of influence .
this is just one of several hundred branches worldwide , the old man adds .
richardsons the director of this branch .
every branch uses a replica carved from the original , the old man says , lifting up a tube - like compartment out of the machines mainframe .
on the other hand , its possible that richardson hired her on looks alone , not realizing how her bitchy temperament could sabotage his branch .
how many people work at this branch ?
what do you do at the branch ?
do you think you can come in to the branch ?
the hardest part is finding the entrance to the agency of influence branch .
she opens the door , motioning for me to let myself out of the branch .
this light is far less maddening than the one at the agency of influence branch but i would trade this well - behaved bulb for a chance at getting out of here .
really , there is no safe place for me right now , save for the a of i branch , but that s too far away to safely make it there by public transit .
okay , so lets change forms when we go back to the branch .
he wants to meet with you back at the branch .
chapter eleven upon my arrival at the branch , i take a badly - needed shower , washing away the filth i ve accumulated over the past couple of days .
richardson and company have only told me to stay at the branch .
* * * for the second time in what has been a hellacious day , donald richardson sits in the small meeting room at the agency of influences philadelphia branch .
richardson assumes that ganterts presence at his branch will be like that of the grim reaper .
donald , he says , i want you to know that what has happened here at your branch is not new to the a of i .
due to its consonance with the agency of justice , the powers that be at the agency of influence ignored the attack on suburban station , choosing instead to focus on the a of js infiltration of the philly branch .
like , maybe valerie was supposed to infiltrate our branch .
still , when you re the director of an agencys branch , it would be difficult to hide it , especially when you make as much as he does .
it lists the location and contact information of every a of i branch director in north america .
the manual then reads : today , the branches of both agencies each have one replica arrowhead and harness the originals power into their change machine , which embeds the power into the cells of any human being .
i flip back to the table of contents and into the directory , which lists the location of each branch of the agency of influence , including its international headquarters .
presuming the other men in this room are all branch directors , i would nt exactly call the agency of influence an equal opportunity employer .
after all of richardsons underlings in the philadelphia branch were sacked and disavowed , its pretty telling that the old man is welcomed back by his old employer with such open arms .
the other jump , as most of you might recall , gantert says , was the amount of resources we had to pour into sprucing up our detroit branch .
no wonder the philly branch had so few employees .
its still shocking that out of however many north american branch directors there are in this agency , there was nt one that could nt accept this money in good conscience .
the resentment i felt upon hearing elenas conclusion that our branch had been infiltrated .
if i were still recruited as an agent of influence but the agencys philadelphia branch had not been compromised , would i still be doing this ?
some forty agents of influence , all without local branches to direct , stand before the german and scream at him with fire in their eyes and nothing but oxygen in their wallets .
he rests his eyes at the camera behind the horde broadcasting this event to the many agency of influence branches around the world .
gantert nods in approval and turns back to the crowd of branch directors .
we currently have an asian branch based on buddhism and tai chi .
he owns a security business with branches both here in england and in the far east .
sib - british military police bka - federal german police , similar to fbi fsb - russian intelligence , formerly kgb special branch - british police - anti - terrorism / organized crime wehrmacht - general term , german armed services wwii cobra - cabinet office briefing room a , used by british prime minister for meetings with security staff .
it was not lost on him that many of these officers might not survive the war , so he kept copies of numbered swiss accounts , branches and details of what was deposited .
i was formerly head of the banking group , then moved five years ago to help organize the other branches .
beesely continued , what you have never known , was that one branch of my family were swiss .
two wrongs do make a right 1 the following morning , the nigerian international development minister walked into a group bank branch in zurich accompanied by otto .
going to snuggle up to the serbs , open a bank branch over there .
at the same time , the clans were organised crime ( special branch ) , a threat to mainland uk ( mi5 ) and were often based overseas ( mi6 ) .
the sharp end of section 11 was a flexible force of specially trained field officers , mostly drawn from military special forces and police special branch , but with a few from the security services .
* * * roger barclay had worked in the same branch of the bank since he left school .
not much of a job , it had to be admitted , even by the standards of a local branch .
some bigger branches had a machine that did it for them , but not where he worked .
well , explained his supervisor , we would then be in a position to let you go , to another branch perhaps , where they had greater need of your services and experience .
well , as it happens and as luck would have it , there s a post which is just up your street at our branch in sloane square .
or they offered me a job in another branch , doing much the same thing .
an ex - member of special branch , clive newell was under the strictest instructions to keep bill informed of any significant development , in view of the personal interest being taken at the highest levels in whitehall .
we could try someone from special branch , perhaps .
ill try to get a new man in quickly , but if i ca nt , we may need to fall back on special branch for one of their top men .
is mi5 or special branch being activated ?
special branch .
ill get a couple of special branch people , who he wo nt know , to help us out .
* * * special branch had permission from the royal parks police to take their van close to the st . jamess park bridge .
the last time we spoke , he told me that the bank where he had worked since he left school , as a junior clerk of some sort i believe , had told him that they wanted him to move to a different branch , or face the sack .
roger hated change , and dreaded the thought either of being fired or moving to the sloane square branch where he would know nobody and have nowhere to live .
looks that way at the moment , agreed the sergeant , although were still checking , and special branch is getting help from northern ireland , just in case .
maybe ill have a word with special branch .
special branch will have contacts in the security services , so it might be worth checking .
for that matter , head of special branch was nt often summoned to the office of the director general of m15 , either .
that s the message , replied the special branch chief .
should cia wish to approach a terrorist financier who lives in the us and whom the cia would like to recruit as a source , it may do so under existing law and with the administrative oversight of various branches of government .
the war and its aftermath had provided opportunities for consolidation which left several branches of what was termed the serbian mafia as the top dogs .
the serbian mafia was now convinced that some branch of european law enforcement was watching them , perhaps seeking to penetrate their network .
with which branch ?
luckily for preston , the bank manager was promoted to another area a few months later and the branch forgot about the temporary arrangement .
the branch manager was not keen on asking very many questions .
will had worked long and hard since he had been promoted to the detective branch in 2007 .
our assistant manager did a survey of all the accounts the branch had , and within a week came up with a three - year schedule of when money moved in and out of certain accounts .
large payments were deposited into the account once or twice a year , and then smaller amounts were transferred into other accounts in the same branch ; these smaller amounts were for his lieutenants to withdraw money to pay for airline tickets .
it was a simple car accident , but the detective branch , also run by a family member in medellin spent weeks on the accident , found evidence of the brake lines being cut and one finger print they found to be a known criminal .
this is a counter - terrorism event and as such the national security branch will be working alongside the nsa to determine the suspects and the security breach .
oh and sydney , just a heads up here , simmons is the on site agent in charge for the national security branch .
at one end a branch of a much - hated bank lends a white mans respectability , while at the other a betting shop drags its knuckles back to old , nasty days : permanently boarded windows and blinking booth - workers tell silent tales of smack - heads with shotguns , of the covetous young and their shaking yellow trigger - fingers .
the old photographic branch ?
its a bank branch closed for refurbishment we look forward to welcoming you to our new branch in december 2012 .
its a bank branch closed for refurbishment we look forward to welcoming you to our new branch in december 2012 .
tomorrow we will have both branches here , the cia and fbi .
for a small branch it was a lot of money .
his first position with the bank had been as a counter assistant in one of the big west end branches where promotion comes a lot faster than out in the sticks .
he went out into the main banking hall , a pretentious name for a bank with only three service counters although being an old branch it did have a marble floor .
bran castle was built by teutonic knights , a branch of the knights templar , created to protect german travelers heading to jerusalem .
i 'll send the headshots we got to the local branch .
` ` i read an article last year , in a report from the research branch .
which branch of the military were you ?
with a company atm inside the hundreds of duane reade drug stores in the city and immaculately clean and professional branch headquarters set up in locations such as this , it came as no surprise that chase was one of the founding pillars of the big four , the four banks that held 39 % of every customer deposit across the united states .
as a business , chase had earned all those dollars and custom with the convenience of their branch locations and their excellent quality of service .
to keep the branch fully supplied with dollar currency , two men and a thick white armoured truck arrived at 9 am sharp every second monday , never early , never late .
he glanced up at the front door of the chase branch .
he knew that one day he would erase this branch of worldtech , but for now it was making money .
the door unlocked and fabian walked into the room full of shareholders for worldtech and the trooper corporation ( a firearms branch of worldtech ) .
worldtech has released fifteen games since creating the gaming branch .
* * * it was half - past five when tag parked in the crowded lot of the building identical to its chico branch .
inside was a cookie - cutter copy of the chico branch , with the exception of the girls behind the counter .
and what is the military but another branch of the federal government , that den of thieves and snakes all out for themselves , ready to sell out america to the highest bidder .
i m really interested in pursuing a career with your branch .
i took a deep breath and sat down outside the branch managers office so far , so good .
now all i needed to do was to turn on some charm and convince the branch manager his business would fail without me .
the branch manager at national group bank looked up at me and studied my attire .
he was transferred to one of the branches .
i think it was the downtown branch on west georgia .
april 19th , a fire broke out at the branch davidian compound .
then when he got off at camden town to change over to the high barnet branch of the northern line he had the feeling he was being followed .
he realised that he 'd turned off the alley , had entered another branch .
he left the restroom and started down the hall toward the branch .
when collin got to the branch in the hall , he stopped and walked a few feet both ways to see if the scanner could help him decide which way to go .
sam gibson , who had contributed so much to the alistair banks case , from the middlesbrough branch of the three rivers force .
i have the chief here now and he seems to be in a root and branch enquiry mode .
in 2004 , a foundation that was based in saudi arabia with branch offices in the united states which this mosque supported had its assets blocked by the fbi after finding that it was directly funding al - qaeda .
and this katana was definitely a one - of - a - kind piecean old sword , koto , from the sanjo branch of the yamashiro school of swordsmiths , late heian .
eva 's particular branch , sigint - for signals intelligence - was an operation so secret nsa refused even to admit it existed .
in the early sixties he opened a branch of his shadow investment company , shoshu kagai , in honolulu , and today he was , through dummy corporations , the largest landowner in the state .
` ` just park it in gilts , through the trading desk at moscow narodny bank , the new branch on saint swithins lane . ''
the trading branch on saint swithins lane . ''
wednesday 10:30 a.m. an armoured van with v.c.s . , ltd . lettered on its side pulled up to the black marble front of moscow narodny bank 's financial trading branch on saint swithins lane .
vance had fully expected that tanzan mino would send a welcoming committee to nogami 's premises , which was why he 'd arranged for the money to be delivered here at moscow narodny 's side - street branch .
` ` there 're double - counted tallys already prepared '' -he pointed toward the bundles- '' yesterday by the main branch of moscow narodny .
vance turned to mnb 's jowled branch chief .
the eight hundred million dollars had been placed in a numbered account in a branch of the union bank of switzerland , just in case .
though all branches of the u.s . intelligence community have a common mission and set of interests , segmentation of information is an accepted operational necessity .
new world order , dc branch .
straddling the left branch of the yellow line , they were rapidly approaching the gaping black mouth of what appeared to be a tunnel .
mrs . heavy - ass , so called because she was constantly sitting , came to our school from the central branch with a letter of transfer in january .
the branch had become a popular destination for parents and children for its human dimension , so much so that now no one wanted to go back to the main school .
it 's my first day of work at a new branch .
he worked with computers for a multinational that 's got a branch near here . ''
we zigzagged our way through the flashing chrome and glinting glass river of traffic , crossing to a branch of my fathers bank where my mother withdrew the maximum allowed at the automatic teller machine .
the last sex hanson had was three years prior , with one of the mousy librarians from the special collections branch at coe library .
a branch of freemasonry that first emerged during the early seventeenth century in germany .
an entire branch of western civilisation programmed to consume everything in sight , all for the profit of big business .
i m a detective for a branch of the police .
the new atc is now just a sort of contracted branch of the military .
in the small branch bank , he spoke to the branch manager .
in the small branch bank , he spoke to the branch manager .
she s from our other branch .
i d better let her know were looking at doing the booking from this branch so we do nt duplicate .
university of texas medical branch , galveston , texas the university of texas medical branch ( utmb ) is a large health care complex comprising seven hospitals , a medical library , and three institutes for advanced research located in galveston , florida .
university of texas medical branch , galveston , texas the university of texas medical branch ( utmb ) is a large health care complex comprising seven hospitals , a medical library , and three institutes for advanced research located in galveston , florida .
i propose that fao be reorganized into three primary branches .
this will make sofs the largest of the three branches , but should take many burdens off the other two .
while fao has some control through executive appointments , we feels that it will be better if wfp is integrated a branch of the fao , as it has been during the 1950s .
why would he go to medical branch at utexas ?
of texas medical branch ; ` ` old red '' http : //www.utmbcare.com / tour/18.htm retrieved 9/18/2009 the world 's most advanced microscope http : //www.sciencedaily.com / releases/2008/10/081020120050.htm retrieved 9/18/2009 avian flu ( h5n1 ) update in asia http : //www.who.int / csr / don/2004_03_02 / en/ retrieved 9/20/2009 cdc may ship killer virus to u.s . labs http : //www.msnbc.msn.com / id/9981047/ retrieved 9/20/2009 huge new biodefense lab is dedicated at fort detrick http : //www.washingtonpost.com / wp - dyn / content / article/2008/10/22 / ar2008102203082.html retrieved 9/20/2009 j. craig venter institute http : //www.jcvi.org / cms / about / bios / jcventer/ retrieved 9/21/2009 weed whacking herbicide proves deadly to human cells http : //www.scientificamerican.com / article.cfm ? id = weed - whacking - herbicide - p retrieved 9/29/2009 un : role of the secretary general http : //www.un.org / sg / sgrole.shtml retrieved 10/3/2009 the toxic effect of 4- ( phenylazo ) phenol derivatives on various oligochaetes http : //ci.nii.ac.jp / naid/110001113286 / en retrieved 10/3/2009 will the food run out ?
born in sweden 1946 and heir to the swedish branch of the old austrian powerhouse habsburg .
` ` now i expect you to give the general all the respect you reserve for the highest officers in your own branches . ''
iacobi belongs to a swedish branch of the old powerhouse family habsburg and a very successful one .
were opening a new branch ten miles down the road .
helen knows what were doing , but is busy opening a branch of a multiple down here .
previously in charge at the london branch .
it stars a fictitious character named sam fisher , who is an operative , or secret agent , for a branch of the national security agency of the united states government .
each of them had tattoos on their arms that displayed a colorful rendering of the branch and military units they had served in .
joy , the middle sister , lived in colorado and had the stress of branch manager of a bank .
i ve been receiving e - mails from a branch of cyberling rivalry , and i wondered if it might be yours ?
* * * the verona observers main branch was located right off the highway , a ten - minute drive from home .
addressed to anita montero , from the main branch of pantheon hospital .
mr . schneider made a telephone call to the new york police department and spoke with a captain in a branch in queens .
as bob neared the hotel he spied a branch of the bank of tokyo across the street .
take congress , or any branch of government , any group of people .
she said she was the hong kong branch manager of bank of america and that she was in peking for a few days to arrange the rental of space for the new office the bank was opening here in another month or so .
at 33 she had been in charge of the banks hong kong branch for two years and , now that mainland china had finally agreed to allow a few western banks to open offices in peking , she had been assigned the task of establishing the new branch .
at 33 she had been in charge of the banks hong kong branch for two years and , now that mainland china had finally agreed to allow a few western banks to open offices in peking , she had been assigned the task of establishing the new branch .
it showed past and current snipers from all branches of the service .
jack saw an army medical branch tattoo on the doctors forearm .
through the years he worked his way up to become manager of the branch , but he said his heart had always been in engines , so he quit and started his own haulage company .
the key looked fine , the logo matched the kennington branch of the storeco building he was outside of , but either he 'd been given the wrong code , or the code had been changed since the night of the fire .
okay , so maybe you could guess for yourself , but most of the trade ends up serving in places where nato , the un and eu government bodies meet and their branch offices .
every piece of evidence they could get would point towards al qaeda , and they took al qaeda to be a branch of a combination of the iran , iraq , and afghanistan governments .
they all wore heavy jackets with police in a large motif on the back and either so13 or cid special branch on the left breast .
jake knew a thing or two about police organisation , including the knowledge that a small section of the criminal investigation department ( cid ) was given over to the special branch to counter terrorism , and mostly to provide security from attacks .
so13 , so he was about to discover , was the internal code for the anti - terrorist branch under the specialist operations part of the police .
for henry carter , this homely place with its bar and function room , the legion branch flag splayed across an upper wall , and a black and white photo - portrait of a young queen elizabeth smiling benignly down on the members , this was his last posting .
to their right at the centre of the front row , henry carter had hoisted the holtingham legion branch blue and yellow flag that fluttered above his white head and red beret .
november , remembrance sunday , proved to be a reality check for the ' little englander ' clique still clinging to their dated existence on that day , the new order of british society made a moral stand against the divisive crassness of this diminishing breed with trumpets blaring and drums beating , the holtingham legion branch goose - stepped their march of triumphalism straight through the sensibilities and fears of a minority group of our society .
' no madam , the special branch no longer exists .
parties or individuals wishing to attend and pay their last respects are asked to contact the local branch of the royal british legion for full details . '
went to their local branch for the area .
this buffet i worked now has another branch not far here .
technically maine was not bridger 's boss , as he was in the criminal investigation branch and maine was one of the senior sergeants in charge of the general duties constables , still finding their feet in the job , so he did not really have any say in his day - too - day workload .
he was glad he did not have to get involved in the busy physical world of the uniform branch anymore .
it was funny how you could lose touch with who was working downstairs in the uniform branch when you were only one floor above them on a daily basis .
the original restaurant was on mount road , but with growing popularity they recently opened more branches , including one near the university , complete with a jukebox for students .
in india and corea , there is a fusion of powers between the executive and the legislative branches , but its success will depend largely on reforms in the political and electoral systems .
if the executive branch supports anna along with the armed forces , indira will be helpless .
detective branch hated him for that .
to detective steve branch , the guy looked to all the world at that moment like a tiny paper doll glued by its foot to a womans pussy vibrator .
he used the police to commit suicide , detective branch said .
with the details surfacing on the scandalous health care acts refusal to treat people who were ill when just the opposite had been promised when the law was being passed , detective branch figured this might well be just the tip of the iceberg .
reporter brenda gardner , a recent graduate of some candy assed college that detective branch was trying to remember but could nt , was performing before the cameras .
detective branch figured she was having her fifteen minutes of fame at the police departments expense .
i think this sadistic crime scene is a good case for everyone carrying a gun , detective branch told her , because if only one other citizen had carried a gun in there for his daughters birthday party , then she might be alive right now , and the perpetrator would have been shot after the first round instead of continuing unabated until the man shot everyone in there .
thank you , detective branch , for speaking with me .
we have just been speaking with detective branch of the homicide division who has just told us that only by having a citizenry who are armed to the teeth can this type of vicious mad dog murder scene be avoided , and from the looks of things inside that restaurant , i d have to admit , uncomfortable as it seems to me , that mr .
as far as detective branch was concerned the entire world could just die and go to hell .
chen might be an asshole , but branch liked him a lot , because he had a way about him that was hilarious , forbidden , and rife with irregularities .
that was the way branch and most people in the department liked it .
detective branch asked .
detective branch dialed his cell phone and reached the districts public defendant .
now , remember , if detective branch or anyone else comes in , tell them you want your lawyer here , that she will speak for you .
commander holland called detective branch .
yea , branch said .
you and detective branch are taking him home , and branch is searching his premises .
you and detective branch are taking him home , and branch is searching his premises .
22 detective branch , detective kevin richter , gloria dennison , and robert adams arrived at the apartment .
he s clean , branch said .
detective branch was sitting in the corners autopsy laboratory completing his reports .
detective branch asked dr . chen yong .
you are a true genius , detective branch told chen .
you are a cheater , because you describe the dead , even though you are alive , detective branch said .
nope , branch said .
i certainly admire your professional delicacies , dr . yong , detective branch responded .
in a few minutes , the coffee arrived , and the old stuff was carted off as detective branch and dr . yong watched mables pretty ass rambling back and forth through the door .
she s nice , branch said .
detective branch asked his friend ignoring the doctors futile attempt at strange humor .
besides , branch had never read aldous huxleys book and had no plans to do so anytime soon .
he peeled off his gloves and washed his face and hands , changed into his regular clothes , then came over to detective branch who was finishing his report on ruben bensons autopsy .
detective branch answered .
now , my friend , detective branch , is sitting right over there by the reporting and observation desk .
detective branch might have time to work with you .
i ve gotten to know him over the years , branch said .
wrong , detective branch said .
the terrorist is the federal governments health care program , sir , detective branch told him .
the explosions killed hundreds of employees , many of them top brass from all three branches .
these are the days when the new modern branch will be most violently torn from the true vine and replaced with the old , dormant branch long discarded the branch of our fathers the branch spoken of ominously in the third secret .
at the sharp - end of section 11 was a flexible force of specially trained field officers , mostly drawn from military special forces and police special branch , but with a few from the security services .
it is on to it , but i shall want special branch in to go over it for finger prints before they do anything .
special branch will be looking for finger prints and so on to see if we can get a clue as to who might have stripped down her computer in view of where it is and what might be or was on it .
special branch is going through barbaras office looking for clues as to who might have tampered with her computer , and to see if anything else obvious is missing .
ill co - opt clive newell as well , for his links with special branch , otherwise ill leave our team here intact .
furthermore , that investigation is already underway , and is being led by special branch .
and since my department is supposed to be responsible for catching spies , i would nt mind coming with you , stuart , to the wilkinsons house , if only to make my name with the special branch chaps .
as you know , special branch and a team of experts in various fields have been going through the battersea home of the wilkinson family .
and nothing much did , until clive newell received a call from one of his special branch colleagues .
special branch will let us know how you get on .
special branch ?
usually full of guys from special branch , so quite discreet .
ill have robert neil and sir michael richard here to help with the briefing as they ve played a big part in this investigation , and probably the head of special branch too , if he can make it , said clayton .
and before you ring your bank manager at the butler place branch of lloyds , i can tell you that we did not obtain it from any official source within the bank .
brian newman , head of special branch stood up , and two of his colleagues who had been watching moved across to stand behind sir robin algar .
lets go , said head of special branch , as two of his officers took algar by the arms .
russian yuri nevski - london ambassador dmitri makienko - secret agent sasha makienko dmitris wife egor ivanovic - director , fsb swiss colonel schilling swiss air force base commander , payerne english joint intelligence committee ( jic ) members sir robin algar chairman and cabinet secretary sir fredrick forsythe permanent secretary , foreign office james burgess - permanent secretary , home office sir len watkins permanent secretary , ministry of defence general pearson - jones - chief of defence intelligence staff ( dis ) sir michael richards - head of mi6 ( c ) robert neil - head of mi5 ( m ) head of special branch brian newman section 11 bill clayton ( s ) head of section ( col . retired ) barbara wilkinson - pa to s commander nick marsden deputy head ( special boat service ) maj . peter northcot new recruit ( mi5 ) dusty miller staff sergeant , sas albert whistler piper duty officer archie driver clive newell - ex - special branch brian drake head of communications nigel mynott - it specialist spy committee david poulson - mi5 frank browne - mi6 stuart carrington - gchq medical personnel raf brize norton tactical medical wing annie mackie rn petty officer medical assistant ( arctic team ) military wing , selly oak hospital . , birmingham col mark graham - i / c trauma unit .
russian yuri nevski - london ambassador dmitri makienko - secret agent sasha makienko dmitris wife egor ivanovic - director , fsb swiss colonel schilling swiss air force base commander , payerne english joint intelligence committee ( jic ) members sir robin algar chairman and cabinet secretary sir fredrick forsythe permanent secretary , foreign office james burgess - permanent secretary , home office sir len watkins permanent secretary , ministry of defence general pearson - jones - chief of defence intelligence staff ( dis ) sir michael richards - head of mi6 ( c ) robert neil - head of mi5 ( m ) head of special branch brian newman section 11 bill clayton ( s ) head of section ( col . retired ) barbara wilkinson - pa to s commander nick marsden deputy head ( special boat service ) maj . peter northcot new recruit ( mi5 ) dusty miller staff sergeant , sas albert whistler piper duty officer archie driver clive newell - ex - special branch brian drake head of communications nigel mynott - it specialist spy committee david poulson - mi5 frank browne - mi6 stuart carrington - gchq medical personnel raf brize norton tactical medical wing annie mackie rn petty officer medical assistant ( arctic team ) military wing , selly oak hospital . , birmingham col mark graham - i / c trauma unit .
such cooperative atmosphere , however , was currently lacking between the branches .
they re not supposed to work on defense bills or anything involving their branch of service , but its the congress and they do nt police themselves .
as a seal , he cross - trained with special forces from every branch of the military .
there are three branches , and from those three branches or rather the three brothers , there are three generations of my family to choose from .
there are three branches , and from those three branches or rather the three brothers , there are three generations of my family to choose from .
yeah , there is a recent branch of psychology called positive psychology , and most of its premises revolve around the same idea .
satisfied that the olive branch had been extended he entered into an unfamiliar restaurant for lunch .
you ve been a member for over 30 years , and in all that time what have you learned about our inner branches ?
you ve been promoted , given your knack for policy suggestions , to the misinformation branch .
yet because some americans do not understand science they believe the conspiracy theorists who claim that scientists have worked together to falsify their conclusions -- and again the conspiracy theorists have created a wide range of motivations for the collaborators such as ( 1 ) an attempt by shrewd politicians to target a common enemy after the cold war ( 2 ) an attempt by americas executive branch to propagate socialism and ( 3 ) an attempt by the super - rich to drum - up support for nuclear power .
he may have been a puppet without a mind of his own , but at least he took the time to research my shoe size washington , jeffersonian elites headquarters , misinformation branch : the first thing that mr . x noticed was a large round table in the center of the room , and the second thing he noticed was that no one was sitting there .
because i received a memo from a branch stating that it was not , said larry .
so there is a branch that understands all branches , which branch is that ?
i thought this was the misinformation branch ?
primarily , but given the scope of this event we have had to tweak our responsibilities all the branches have , said larry .
to keep all branches separate is to maintain the utmost secrecy of our organization .
washington , jeffersonian elites headquarters , computer branch : when alan lozan had posed as conrad the it repairman , he had installed a host of computer viruses into zacharys computer .
one such scheme : the nazi branches were famously ignorant of each others doings .
you never know who is watching likewise , sebastian had eyes and ears in every branch through his centralized command branch , known simply as the razor fold .
you never know who is watching likewise , sebastian had eyes and ears in every branch through his centralized command branch , known simply as the razor fold .
and yet another decision had been made that after this incident was well - known ( through their various media branches ) a high profile meet would occur with the president and with the stated objective of defusing the incident .
their meeting on his first visit to the philippines resulted in frustration when he had tried to cash travellers cheques at the bank branch where she was working .
a large sign was painted above the boards advertising ` ` swagman tourist resorts - daet branch . ''
felt the presentation was a little ostentatious for a one - man , or rather one - woman branch .
lance shipton the tailor : shiptons suits was the store name and there were branches scattered across the city .
hope wrapped up the robbery of the pontiac branch of the illinois state farmers bank even earlier than he had done at sacksville .
perhaps nafta set up the kansas city rail project as an extended branch to deny involvement in the monopolizing agreement .
also , a north american parliamentary group to operate as its legislative branch , a permanent court for trades and tariffs , a common customs agency , and a common currencythe amero .
so , at the united states postal service main branch in austin , i obtained mary jacobsthe commissioners widow , physical address in barton hills , which would be our next stop .
the international branches in puerto rico , mexico , and the bahamas saved them from bankruptcy , and after that , the errazuriz family pledged a fierce opposition to fidel castro .
and the state government was often a difficult branch to bend , stern and stubborn against the strongest winds .
there are five security companies on this expenses list and they all used the same bank , same branch .
she discovered that p & s , simon brun and those five security companies all used that same bank , the same branch .
at the time of writing , my wife is dying from ovarian cancer and i feel this deadly branch of the disease is under - funded .
all the other branches of their family have died out .
when you get to the branch office for processing , ask them about the new treatment .
he picked up his chart from the assistant branch director , grabbed an aro and headed into the building .
he s the assistant branch director three levels above me .
we then received a letter from pha to go down to branch office in order to meet their officer , mr chua .
how his marriage fell apart when he was demoted from a post office branch manager to a financial consultant .
` ` a unique branch to the service . ''
some of the corporations also had account information at various bank branches .
while ebenezers coffee house did strong business with the legislative branch , folks at the white house strolled into caribou coffee house on the northwest branch of pennsylvania avenue every morning .
eleven , if you include all the branches of the red and green lines .
she had simply made the wrong decisions blatantly wrong decisions in the past three years , and instead of letting her dangle like a leaf clutching to the executive branch , the legislative branch wanted to put her out of her misery before she even thought of heading to new hampshire .
she had simply made the wrong decisions blatantly wrong decisions in the past three years , and instead of letting her dangle like a leaf clutching to the executive branch , the legislative branch wanted to put her out of her misery before she even thought of heading to new hampshire .
he 'd braved the nearest branch of argos and after pushing past several severely overweight young mums had collected his order , a de'longhi coffee machine , from the service point .
eventually , due to being clean and sober and having a new outlook on life , he was promoted to in - store sales , then assistant manager , and now store manager of a new branch operation .
various branches of science , genres of literature and many other informative and entertaining titles .
he then drove three blocks to the nearest branch of his bank , and withdrew every penny he had at the drive up atm .
how this differed from what the other branches of the u.s . military were up to might prove impossible to define .
you would also hear a great deal of chatter from your higher ups about this being the most versatile of the military disciplines , which made them best equipped to assisting other branches , other nations .
the air force and the coast guard have their fingers in this pie as well but its his randomly chosen branch that claims the bulk of it .
everyone going away to university , which never held any interest for her at all , or else sticking around to attend middleforks second rate branch college , which just seemed lame .
yet this had been jamess idea , and everyone else more or less rallied around it : below them sits a branch office of first trust united savings and loan .
meanwhile those at the front , pistols drawn , are urged into motion apparently by having their sneak attack ruined , and take off across the lot , bound for a gap between buildings where they can gain access to the branch .
he had no real reason not to - strip mall life might turn the mind to sludge , but as luck would have it , counterbalancing all this , there was a library branch directly in front of his apartment complex .
he s the loan officer for middlefork nationals downtown branch , and they take off together just two days later for a weekend retreat to the poconos .
her timing was faultless and it was tommy 's job to see to it that the branch or individual guilty of disrupting miss moxie 's timetable be brought low and humbled .
the first reason was all three branches of the federal government battled over power while trashing the peoples constitutional rights .
new tyrannical leaders were appointed by the executive branch bypassing the checks and balance system of congress .
the judicial branch decided to take its bite out of the peoples contract , further disabling its citizens .
kevin backlin on the other hand had gone immediately to work for the federal government in the branch that oversaw the construction of damns and water resource lakes throughout the states .
david manning had been licking his wounds since his one and only indiscretion at the blue stallion.although david was a semi - regular customer , the sum of his activities had always been to simply watch , and then go home and have sex with his wife.but that night was different.he really did nt have that much to drink that night and still suspected that someone had slipped something into his beer.three beers had never caused him to black out before.he would nt know how it would affect him now.david manning had not touched alcohol after that night.he still had to go back for his six month hiv test hopefully for a conclusive negative , and was losing sleep worrying over the outcome manning was government issue through and through.he had been with the atlanta branch for twenty - five years and enjoyed the slow pace and the big benefit package.he had a nice house in the elite town of dunwoody.his children , now off on their own had everything they wanted growing up and his wife had never had to work.but lately , the drug companies were getting more cutthroat and greedy.davids recent promotion as head of research and review required him to grant final approval before a drug could be recommended to washington.at the main office , there would be a final panel review , but davids signature was the official stamp of approval.what used to be a logical process had become a circus of greedy and entitled corporation tactics .
when she was asked if there was anything wrong , jacqueline replied that she had been told by the branch president , mr . timothy gillette to take the remainder of the day off .
three employees of the new york city branch of the fbi met them on the helipad .
winston was a former commander of a black ops branch of the military that specialized in waterworks and missions of an extremely sensitive nature .
ward was a member of a covert branch of mercenaries .
they are all from your branch . ''
` ` i picked it up at an estate sale down in olive branch .
there were three branches of the family now .
there should be more power vested in the executive branch and less in a factious and deadlocked , do nothing congress .
it was nt much of a walk to the bank branch on the corner of wisconsin and m where her safe deposit box was located .
well , i so rarely see the uniformed branch these days , breeze replied with a hard edge , even when i call for backup .
growing up in the west parisian slums with a gangster for a father and a violent temper that had run up a lot of branches in my family tree , i was making your african gangs here look like candy boy scouts .
walking into the ivanhoe branch on the saint georges credit society for his first armed robbery had been his measles moment .
as a governmental agency , we must strike at a subsidiary of pandora with as much vehemence as we would if a house in chains or the revival of the black panther party , branch dravidians , or any other extremist militant group would .
` ` it is why i decided to open a special branch office here in delft .
his next stop was his old school friend seymour at the pyramid bank because he knew they had a branch in sulima .
it was daisy children 's charity who were not just in sierra leone but had branches in liberia , nigeria and ghana .
before the war he was employed for a time on research by the french branch of siemens and he was mobilised for the army in september 1939 , but he was soon released again and shortly after he got this liaison job at abbeville .
the marshals service is part of the executive branch of us government and the arm of the us federal courts .
mink occupies the passenger seat pulling out her laptop , types and search the newest data from the us marshals branch office in birmingham .
the us deputy marshals primary job is to protect witnesses for the judiciary branch of the us federal government .
i reports directly to the executive branch of the us federal government , congressman ashmore .
your portfolio contains around $ 68 million held in numerous interest bearing trust funds located at the local branch of the third alabama bank in birmingham .
my apologies , agent christopher prince , dr . angel hicks dupree , this is officer bucky branch of the atlanta police department .
officer branch looked confused .
sheridan said , thanked officer branch for his time and testimony and dismissed him .
or maybe she s afraid of the local branch of the world government system if she does nt act the part of loyal follower .
it may have been the center of christianity , but morgan knew that within the church the different branches hated each other .
same branch , same rank ... the only difference between his dads experience and his own experience was that jon had the opportunity to actually put his infantry training to the test something his dad told him he d always wanted to do , but since there was nt a conflict going on during his years as a grunt , he never got the chance .
presumably a different branch of the police have been charged with investigating this possibility , but so far seem to be running around in circles .
would you like to speak to the department head of the kidon branch ?
across the street , on the corner , was a branch of the american subway restaurant chain .
special branch suspected the meeting was cover to smuggle a provisional ira bloke responsible for murders in belfast back into the north .
dannys m249 saw was propped between his legs , the same belt - fed light machine gun every branch of the us armed forces used .
it was about midday when i left to deliver my package to the local branch of a certain international courier service .
the rotunda contains homages to raphael 's work for cardinal giulio de ' medici and pinturicchio 's borgia frescoes , as well as panels depicting pagan gods and goddesses , allegories of the four branches of art , and tributes to dante and petrarch .
even mr hachikawa , the branch manager , was startled by the short duration between pickups .
and in a few months , when the lease on the open space in an old building is finalized , she could start giving instructions on the layout for the new branch of beautiful hair .
was this an olive branch ?
most company commanders , at least in usac , were obliged to record their activities for viewing by paid subscribers ; part of a deal usac had made with the amtel branch of ra .
` ` he is the head of security for this branch ?
` ` yep , i was with a branch of the military that focuses on protecting us from digital attacks .
the mossad were sure that , the russian mafia was involved and in particular an australian branch of that organization , the tarasoff mob , was the main pivot of the operation , '' she stopped to have a sip and light up a cigarette , after a deep puff , she continued .
what branch even .
what branch ?
the president kept the u.s . military branches intact , and each military branch had its own general : general of the army , general of the navy , general of the air force , and general of the marines .
the president kept the u.s . military branches intact , and each military branch had its own general : general of the army , general of the navy , general of the air force , and general of the marines .
although the president wanted to combine all the military branches , he knew the consolidation would undermine soldiers morale .
soldiers are proud of their branch , and they would resent the president .
` ` well , you have a bank account at the bank of america , main spokane branch .
jock has even made sure the registration number is the same as the one on the real van used by the local branch .
citizen marcus lexington coleman used to be the head of the natural philosophy branch of the institute of intellectual research and development of haven , commonly referred to as the institute .
she headed up the experimental design branch of the institute , the wing opposite to the one that dunlevy and michaels shared .
` ` well , now that you 're on the advisory council ... you must understand that we , on the research and information dispersion , the ah , civilian branch as it is called , do n't always exactly see eye to eye with the inquisitors .
the experimental design wing was on the eastern arm of the civilian branch of the institute .
the civilian branch of the council shuffled past michaels , not speaking before they entered the elevator .
in every region , tellers are nominated by the branch managers and then 2 people are selected to represent the region at the banquet .
` ` mr . deville , this branch is a large branch , employing over 50 tellers , i ' m sure that it would be easy to avoid detection by going to different tellers . ''
` ` mr . deville , this branch is a large branch , employing over 50 tellers , i ' m sure that it would be easy to avoid detection by going to different tellers . ''
she has a bachelor 's degree in accounting and has been a central teller for numerous branches for the past 15 years , two of which at this specific location .
our branch has some very talented tellers , but since it is so large , i felt that an outside hand would be a much better fit . ''
in the training section would ever be working as the central teller at your branch . ''
all these will all be illegal , naturally , and the fbi will have a special branch to take care of them , the ... '' ` ` ...
i read the pamphlet distributed by the local branch of the church of jesus christ of latter day saints from cover to cover on the metro on the way home , and happily left it on my seat on the train when i got off : it all sounded very worthy but i could nt help but read between the lines and think that somehow women were getting a rather raw deal here .
similarly , i discarded a flyer which i am assuming was promoting a particular branch of islam : the text was entirely written in arabic , except for a telephone number at the bottom of the sheet in roman script , and i freely admit that i felt too nervous to dial the quoted number .
the text went on to proudly proclaim that over 100 million practitioners in over 40 different countries had discovered falun dafa since its establishment - impressive stuff , i thought - and a regular gathering of a downtown branch of falun dafa took place in roosevelt park , only a stones throw away from my own apartment .
in the same way that the revival of islam had swept across a war torn somalia in the 1990s , and branches of macdonalds through an economically isolated and burger - bereft eastern europe during the same decade - in each case the new influence which had prevailed was largely the first to have arrived , but islam in eastern europe and macdonalds in somalia could have proved equally successful if only their chronological arrival had been different - so the vacuum would inevitably be filled : it is true what they say , that nature abhors a vacuum , be it physical , spiritual or moral , it can not be allowed to exist in isolation for too long .
dana insisted that it would look fabulous with sashas bob and dragged her to oxford street and into a branch of claires accessories to get a cheap flower hairpin to match .
many of the people that robert had helped over the years had grown in responsibility and were now leaders in various branches of the government .
he listened hard at their voices for details in their diction or tone that might give away whatever branch of service they had served in .
what branch were you ?
* * * a quick call to mr . eddis on the drive over confirmed he d already filed a copy of the death certificate with gramms branch .
the branch manager said since she was nt on the safe deposit box as a signer she could nt remove anything just merely inventory it .
the shouts of an angry customer echoed through the branch , his pounding on the counter displaying obnoxious disregard for others .
the executive director of the memphis branch brought five thousand and grandly laid it on the table .
` ` psychiatry is that branch of medicine concerned with the treatment of disorders of the mind .
` ` in which branch are you certified ? ''
langdon and neveu just walked into the paris branch of the depository bank of zurich .
chapter 43 andre vernet - president of the paris branch of the depository bank of zurich - lived in a lavish flat above the bank .
` ` federal reserve branches , '' reacher said quietly .
to see them together , they looked like the branch office of a photocopier company on its way to a sales convention .
` ` different branch of the family , '' she said .
it was handled at a branch office .
that branch , no that other branch .
that branch , no that other branch .
he did n't know which branch carter groom had taken kate lane to , but he figured chains carried the same stuff everywhere .
it was the last hold - out on a block full of design offices and bank branches .
which made the guy stopping him a special branch cop or an mi5 agent in disguise , reacher thought , not a real customs guy .
i asked her , ` ` what branch of the corps ? ''
recruiting offices are shared between all four branches of the service .
i saw men and women i took to be federal agents of various kinds , and men and women out of uniform but clearly military , and men and women in uniform , from all four branches of the service , and numerous private citizens in serious suits , but none of them made a move against me .
the jacket had a united states senate roundel on it , as if that safe and insulated branch of the legislature was a combat unit .
` ` they were different ranks and different branches . ''
we found enough loot in their footlockers to start another branch of tiffany 's .
with this on its way to the local branch of cr , dit lyonnais , his working capital amounted to twenty - three million francs , or some twenty - three thousand pounds .
its tasks is the elimination of all forms of treachery and back - sliding with the various branches of the soviet secret service and secret police at home and abroad .
they have a special branch that we work with pretty closely on this sort of thing , and they reported that there was an ex - gestapo man in toronto , chap called horst uhlmann , making contact with the gangs there , and did we know anything about him ?
the mechanics had been given a nasty jolt , and the mounties special branch thought it would be a good idea to follow up while they were still groggy .
but no doubt we can establish a relationship through a collateral branch .
he glanced at the new rolex on his wrist - the shops were still shut and he had had to blarney it out of q branch -and guessed they would be on time , 6 pm at marseilles .
the crime had concerned , said dikko , a modest suburban branch of the imperial bank .
by now it was 1941 and , by claiming an age of nineteen and with the help of an old vickers colleague of his father , he entered a branch of what was subsequently to become the ministry of defence .
to serve the confidential nature of his duties , he was accorded the rank of lieutenant in the special branch of the rnvr , and it is a measure of the satisfaction his services gave to his superiors that he ended the war with the rank of commander .
one of them switched on a tape recorder for the use of his department , the other alerted one of the duty officers in the action room of the special branch at scotland yard that he should listen to the conversation , trace the call , and at once put a tail on the caller .
i ' ve got a chap on who says he 's james bond and wants to talk to m. i know it sounds crazy and i ' ve gone through the usual motions with the special branch and so on , but would you mind listening for a minute ?
when bond went down the shallow steps to the street and asked the commissionaire for a taxi , a canonflex with a telescopic lens clicked away busily from a red roses laundry van at the neighbouring goods entrance , and in due course the same van followed bond 's taxi while a man inside the van reported briefly to the action room of the special branch .
those which threatened or were litigious were referred to the special branch .
so then of course the police passed me on to the local branch of the k.g.b . -- it 's a big grey building on the morskaya ulitsa facing the harbour near the railway station , by the way -- and when they belinographed my prints to moscow there was a lot of excitement and they flew me there from the military airfield just north of the town at vtoraya rechka and spent weeks interrogating me -- or trying to , rather , because i could n't remember anything except when they prompted me with something they knew themselves and then i could give them a few hazy details to add to their knowledge .
alexander 's was noncommittal , and i finally had to go to the special branch .
certainly he was a commander in the special branch of the r.n.v.r . , but he rarely used the rank .
at oxford ... the war , staff jobs he would have done meticulously - perhaps an o.b.e ... . allied control commission in germany where he had been recruited into the i branch ... . and thence - because he was the ideal staff man and a - one with security , and because he thought he would find life , drama , romance - the things he had never had - into the secret service .
and if the special branch of the treasury , and the fbi , have traced a thousand , how many more have been melted down or disappeared into private collections ?
' guess there 's a branch of the aspca in this town , ' said leiter .
he was a lean , humorous man of about thirty - five , a former lieutenant - commander in the special branch of the rnvr .
meanwhile she was one of the most envied girls in the building , and a member of the small company of principal secretaries who had access to the innermost secrets of the service-'the pearls and twin - set ' as they were called behind their backs by the other girls , with ironical reference to their supposedly ' county ' and ' kensington ' backgrounds - and , so far as the personnel branch was concerned , her destiny in twenty years ' time would be that single golden line right at the end of a new year 's honours list , among the medals for officials of the fishery board , of the post office , of the women 's institute , towards the bottom of the obes : ' miss loelia ponsonby , principal secretary in the ministry of defence . '
it was a memorandum from the office of the chief preventive officer of the united states customs branch and it was headed the inspectoscope .
it seemed a job for the special branch of scotland yard , or conceivably for mi5 .
` ` that 's another complication , '' said m. ` ` she 's an agent of the special branch .
chapter x special branch agent at six o'clock that tuesday evening towards the end of may , james bond was thrashing the big bentley down the dover road along the straight stretch that runs into maidstone .
you could not be in the waiting - room of the special branch for any innocent purpose .
as bond swung the bentley through the crowded streets of maidstone he reflected that vallance 's gift had come from twenty years of avoiding the corns of mi5 , of working in with the uniformed branch of the police , and of handling ignorant politicians and affronted foreign diplomats .
he also respected bond 's professional approach to the assignment and his absence of departmental rivalry with the special branch .
and why had he been sent down instead of somebody she could work with , one of her friends from the special branch , or even somebody from mi5 ?
the message from the assistant commissioner had said that there was no one else available at short notice , that this was one of the stars of the secret service who had the complete confidence of the special branch and the blessings of mi5 .
there were just as good - looking men in the special branch , and they were real detectives , not just people that phillips oppenheim had dreamed up with fast cars and special cigarettes with gold bands on them and shoulder - holsters .
she knows how to kick , and where ; she can break my arm probably more easily and quickly than i can break hers , and at least half of her belongs to the special branch of scotland yard .
i ' m always having to change my name now that i ' m in the special branch . ''
` ` in the special branch . ''
the special branch .
what was it she had said about the special branch ?
all the facts are known to the special branch and to the ministry and , god knows , i ' ve got nothing to add to them .
and the special branch know who the carrier is to be .
` ` why not let the special branch of mi5 handle it , sir ? ''
` ` i am sergeant dankwaerts of the special branch of scotland yard , '' he said in a quiet , peaceful voice .
this had been prepared for him by q branch and there was a narrow compartment under the leather at the back which contained a silencer for his gun and thirty rounds of -25 ammunition .
the gang has branch headquarters in miami , detroit and chicago .
he picked up the green receiver and dialled q branch and talked to the section duty officer .
karate is a branch of judo , but it is to judo what a spandau is to a catapult . '
then , quietly , discreetly , the bank of england would freeze goldfinger 's accounts all over the world and perhaps , already tomorrow , the special branch of the swiss police would be knocking on the door of entreprises auric .
you 're to report to colonel schreiber , headquarters command security branch .
by eight - fifteen the security branch was on the job , and by nine the roadblocks were up .
i sent you as a favour to the special branch .
the mechanic and branch , the german killer , helped them off with their gear , the underwater light was switched off and hauled inboard and , instead of the rattle of the generator , there came the muffled roar of the twin johnstons .
several hundred years ago , some say as early as 1703 , a women 's branch called eastern star was founded .
the oldest american branch had been founded in 1881 in cambridge , massachusetts , by henry wadsworth longfellow .
having sensed as much while flying to istanbul , the provost had e - mailed an alert to the consortium 's local branch , indicating that he and ferris might need an extraction .
the president of the beverly hills branch of the veterans of foreign wars was there in full uniform .
as time went on , he was given more and more responsibility , reorganizing various divisions , troubleshooting in whatever part of the world he was needed , coordinating the different branches of roffe and sons , creating new concepts .
ivo palazzi 's wife was simonetta roffe , an heiress of the italian branch of the roffe family .
helene arranged for charles to work in the paris branch of roffe and sons .
within the next seven years , there were branches of the roffe family in five foreign countries .
charles was head of the french branch of roffe and sons .
sam had never replaced him , because the french branch ran very profitably .
fifteen minutes later max was speaking to the branch manager of the bank .
yes , of course the branch manager knew dr . heissen .
jennifer said , ` ` does n't nationwide have branches all over the united states ? ''
i must admit i have always considered that to be the most exciting branch of our profession .
` ` when i finished mit , i went to work for a branch of kingsley international group in paris .
` ` because the company she worked for is a branch of the same tokyo first industrial . ''
* * * at a dozen branch offices of the national weather service , from anchorage , alaska , to miami , florida , meteorologists were staring at their computer screens in disbelief .
stanhope and sons was one of the most important investment houses in the financial community , and it would be a nice plum if he could get their exclusive account for his branch .
i would like to have my checkin ' account transferred to the main branch of the first hanover bank of new york city , por favor . ''
as morgan had promised , tracy received an envelope containing a driver 's license in the name of ellen branch , a diagram of the security system in the bellamy house , the combination to the bedroom safe , and an amtrak ticket to st . louis , in a private compartment .
the car was rented in the name of ellen branch . ''
the report from interpol sektionen rikspolis styrelsen , the interpol branch in sweden , listed the american tourists in stockholm that week , and the names of the women were fed into a computer .
there is a light branch and a dark branch of the cia .
there is a light branch and a dark branch of the cia .
the dark branch handles clandestine operations , and for the past seven years tillingest had been in charge of both sections .
as chief of counterintelligence , connors held sway over the most secret , highly compartmentalized branch of the cia .
there was a bewildering array of divisions , subsidiaries , regional departments , franchises and foreign branches .
the firm has a branch office there and they asked me to look in on it . ''
the homicide branch office is on the third floor .
in the homicide branch office , the sergeant on duty was opening a carton containing paul yerby 's personal effects .
he was head of the technical branch of the academy of motion picture arts and sciences .
` ` it 's a new branch of the army air corps .
i ' m in a special branch of the air corps and - ` ` ` ` right . ''
i ' m telling you that i ' m in the army air corps , in a branch called war training service , and we can wear anything we damn please . ''
it 's a branch of the army air corps . ''
the st . petersburg commercial bank operated a busy branch out of one part of the ground floor , and aeroflot , the russian national airline , filled the rest .
the boy 's name was aaron , and he was holding his mother 's hand as they walked into a branch bank office in the town of horn lake .
for a twenty - five - year - old law student with no criminal record and no illegal habits or proclivities , the presence and the attention of a man who gave all indications of being employed by some branch of law enforcement should have caused no concern whatsoever .
we 're a special branch of the zurich police .
since bergeron 's yours exclusively , have you ever given any thought to opening a branch in the islands ? '
he operated through a branch of russolmaz , the soviet firm in geneva that brokers all such ` ` purchases .
' the informant made it clear that if we brought in any other branch , he would n't make contact again .
' the country 's two most active intelligence branches have been fed information about cain - for the past three years - and there 's been no pooling for origins of fraud .
or the paris branch of the baader - meinhof ? '
he had been in scrambler - communication with a dozen branches of clandestine operations - in washington and overseas - trying to undo the insanity of the past twenty - four hours .
hidden offshore , in another bank , of course , away from the clutches of the irs and every other branch of the government .
adam remembered goodman 's description of the memphis branch - a boutique firm of twelve good lawyers whose acquisition years earlier by kravitz and bane was now a mystery .
and now the warden wanted to meet him , the press wanted to inquire , the memphis branch of his firm wanted it all hushed up .
all this attention had upset the tedious routine of the memphis branch of kravitz and bane .
the planners of this little branch of hell also decided that there would be no ventilation of any sort , no chance for a breeze getting in or the dank air getting out .
the law library was known as the twig because it was too small to be considered a full branch .
* * saturday was typically just another day of hard labor at kravitz and bane in chicago , but things were a bit more laid - back at the memphis branch .
it was like another branch of the klan had suddenly invaded mississippi without telling the old one . ''
we 're thinking about establishing a branch in this state , and we need this space to get started .
then he left the office , the memphis branch of kravitz and bane , never to return .
the vault was as big as a branch bank in the suburbs .
hett worked in a branch in the town of enid .
the city was cobwebbed with intelligence agencies , everything from the legendary cia and fbi and the little - known nro to alphabet groups in all branches of the military and government , even in the illustrious departments of state and justice .
by the time he left the elevator , reached the glass doors of donk and lapierre , and pushed through , he was eager to ask for help with his research from charles - marie cruyff , managing director of donk and lapierre 's asian branch .
as the car started down , he smiled grimly to himself : there was someone who was obviously higher and more important in the company than even the managing director of the asian branch , so much higher he could n't be made to wait while jon searched , and who had wanted to know whether major kenneth st . germain really was from usamriid ... whether he had asked any unusual or unexpected questions ... and exactly what he had looked like .
finally he found the office of the tigris branch manager .
he told her a few carefully selected anecdotes about the altman group and learned in return that imperial was a wholesaler with clients in major cities across america and branches in most countries .
as a member of the branch of u.s . intelligence known as consular operations , he had heard about the facility on parrish island .
it was part of an emergency ` ` retrieval service '' used by clandestine branches of the federal government for sensitive domestic ` ` pickups . ''
whether involving rogue agents or foreign operatives on u.s . soil , such parcels had in common that they were not destined for any branch of the official justice system .
the facility was used on a ` ` joint resource '' basis by all branches of america 's clandestine services .
chao had found joe li when he was still in his adolescence and had taken first prize in a regional shooting competition , run by the local branch of the people 's liberation army .
if the tail wanted to be seen , ambler himself wanted fenton 's people to know where he was going ; he had even gone so far as to call the hotel debord at the ssg branch office , ostensibly confirming his reservation .
after his one visit , the strategic services branch office was declared strictly out - of - bounds .
david koresh , the self - styled messiah of the branch davidian , was another .
in order to promote the development of a common government culture - or , equally , to discourage the development of departmental division - the pla had taken to ` ` seconding '' junior officers to the civilian branches of government .
he passed a store selling linens called bette und besser and a tall modern building that displayed three flags as if it were a consulate ; in fact , it was a ubs branch office , displaying the flags of the state , the canton , and the company .
he is a special officer for a branch of u.s . intelligence known only as consular operations , a unit our own sources have determined to be under the combined authority of the american state department and the central intelligence agency .. .. my god , how the two can get together is beyond this diplomat ! ''
we 're in separate branches . ''
` ` i 'd like to fly to paris and see my brother- '' ` ` sure , no sweat , even if he 's with cons - op , not my favorite branch . ''
for a field officer to rise in the ranks through years of clandestine operations to head up a branch so specialized as the deuxieme , he would have to pass under the scrutiny of a thousand pairs of eyes , both admiring and envious , the latter determined to derail him with all the damaging input at their command .
` ` do you think paris 's branch of the ncos will buy it ? ''
he had not sought the directorship of consular operations , he had been summoned by a thinking president who saw the need to coordinate the intelligence services so that one branch or another did not frustrate post - cold war state department objectives .
it 's called the executive branch , gentlemen , and if the executive , the presidency itself , can root out the nazi influence in this country , the nation will forever be thankful .
he had reached the paris branch of the blitzkrieger , the elite killers of the briiderschaft , so highly trained and skilled , so superior in the deadly crafts , they numbered less than two hundred instantly mobile predators operating in europe , south america , and the united states .
said the leader of the paris branch of the blitzkneger , hanging up the phone .
` ` they believe , or surely must believe by now , that we 're an elite branch of the broderschaft , and in a way we are , although not in the way they think .
` ` it 's taken me nearly an hour to find out how to reach you , and only then after threatening half of our intelligence branches ! ''
he 's an old man now , but when he was a young scholar , he was a talented cryptanalyst for the branch of french intelligence that became the deuxieme bureau .
` ` my branch is intelligence , i work with the deuxieme . ''
he reached in and pulled out a small portable phone supplied by the german branch of the ` ` yes ? ''
you chose civil service , the intelligence branch .
` ` i am chief manager of this branch , sir , '' he saidas the door closed , ` ` but i do not set the policies forthe entire bank .
` ` it is best translated as ' special ' ` ` branch ' ordepartment . '
` ` a specialised branch of northvietnamese now , of course , vietnamese intelligence . ''
` ` i want verification of your name , your rank , andyour branch of service !
they ' ve been bounced around thecommunity , each branch contributing its input fromstraight biographical data to past surveillances topsychiatric evaluation and put together by teams ofspecialists .
thisclass of society , this novel branch of the humanrace , was not only incorrupuble at the highestlevels , it would be the ultimate savior of mankind aswe know it today .
` ` bank of rhodes , mykonos branch , waterfront office.the name of the dispatcher , ' i guess you 'd call him , islaskaris .
he statedfurther that they soughtprofessional consultation from an experiencedintelligence officer no longer associated ( permanently ) with any branch of the intelligence community .
the apex of theexecutive branch , the leader of the legislative , andthe nahon 's chief law - enforcement officer .
` ` number seventeen is an artillery officer in the idfrecently transferred to the security branch , jeru - salem .
now his aguardiente bancorp , named after the fiery local licorice - flavored liquor of his native country , had more than twenty branches , the last one opening five months before in london where , increasingly , all the international action was .
he had been married twice , had two daughters , both of whom lived in colombia , and a son , jaime , whom don fernando had installed as the managing director of aguardiente 's london branch .
if the same group is now involved with an iranian terrorist network or , far more ominously , the iranian government itself , the implications are far reaching because the iranians are shi'a and the overwhelming majority of saudis are wahhib , a branch of the sunni sect .
across town , kevin mccoll strode into the branch of the budapest bank that handled annaka vadas ' account .
he flashed his credentials and , in due course , was admitted to the glass - enclosed office of the branch manager , a well - dressed man in a conservatively cut suit .
aguardiente bancorp , being largely a commercial rather than a retail bank , had its one and only branch on chancery lane , just north of fleet street .
i have found nothing , except that marlon etana is a founding member of the monition club , which has many branches throughout the world , but whose headquarters seems to be in washington , dc . ''
` ` in grad school i studied the link between a branch of muslim extremism and the third reich .
edward mcallister had not seen devices like those since he left hong kong two years ago , and then only because he had been briefly assigned to british intelligence mi6 , special branch , for consultations .
' finally , no one else in our asian posts was ever assigned to or accepted by the british government 's mi6 , special branch , in the territory . '
the special branch 's acceptance of me was based more on its own - disinformation , i think is the word - than any unique talent of mine .
however , selected personnel in british mi6 , special branch , were given somewhat more information , as their co - operation was deemed necessary and had been authorized by london .
the door opened and the immense major lin wenzu of british intelligence , mi6 , special branch , hong kong , walked in , closed the door , and smiled at the absorbed figure of mcallister .
without knowledge , how can special branch assume responsibility ? '
' you are with special branch ?
overseas intelligence branches do n't concern themselves with non - political criminals - everyday murderers - they ca n't afford to .
london would never permit it , not even the mention of special branch 's name . '
' honeywell - porter , ' answered the man , naming a new york advertising agency jason recognized as having branches worldwide .
he was willingly posted to the far east , where he shook up the intelligence division of the colony 's police and in his quiet way shaped an aggressively efficient organization that knew more about hong kong 's shadow world than did any of the other agencies in the territory , including mi6 , special branch .
' you 're lin , special branch ? '
the ambassador looked at the man from special branch .
it was lin wenzu , mi6 , special branch !
the communications centre of mi6 , special branch , hong kong .
' aiya , ' whispered the breathless agent from special branch .
' please , sir , ' insisted the man from special branch quietly .
' an automobile is a hindrance in hong kong , ' said wenzu , looking at the clock on the wall of his office in the headquarters of mi6 , special branch .
what other chinese but the proven chief of special branch would have been cleared by london for what you were initially told , to say nothing of what you know now ?
' what branch ?
' crown ci , ' explained conklin to morris panov , ' means british counter intelligence here in hong kong , which means a branch of mi6 , which means they take their orders from london . '
' he 's crown ci which means mi6 orientated , probably special branch .
but he believed thoroughly , intensely , that if the colony was to have a special branch it should be staffed and run by those who could do the job best , and that did not include veterans , however brilliant , of the european - oriented british secret services .
there were thirty - eight special branch officers in his command and he had selected nine -hand picked nine - to be part of this extraordinary , insane operation .
he pushed the button on his console for the radio operator in the computerized communication centre of mi6 , special branch .
excess charges were picked up by special branch as if they were related to business .
he thought he was privileged , but we were only using him to trap his predecessor , unearthed by our man in special branch . '
the assassin would not touch them , for there was a standing order in all branches of russian intelligence that if carlos was tracked he was to be shot .
the family fontaine became prefontaine in america and the great man 's associate was in reality an esteemed member of the american branch ! ''
was it the illogical logic of the assassin who had eluded a hundred special branches of the international intelligence community for nearly thirty years ?
still other sources , these from interpol 's headquarters in paris , have stated that their branch in hong kong knew of the supposed death of jason bourne , but as the widely circulated reports and photographs were so sketchy and unidentifiable , they did not give much credence to the story .
it was a branch of the department of immigration , an all - important arm known simply as the bureau of air entries , where sophisticated computers kept up - to - the - minute records of every traveler flying into france at all the international airports .
even if i survived , i ' m marked by that infamous branch of the government .
once again jason went through the irritating process of placing an overseas call with local operators who found it irritating to ring through to the international branch of the system .
` ` special branch , '' said conklin offhandedly , his mind elsewhere .
we 'd better turn that over to the sed branch of french intelligence with a restricted chronology . ''
maybe some obscure branch of military intelligence . ''
richard koley ran the nearest branch of piedmont national bank .
representing every branch of the armed services , they were the senior officers of the pacific theater , responsible for perceiving and eliminating any threat from the shores of san diego to the strait of taiwan in southeast asia .
the carrier had been sent by the government employment office , a branch in falmouth that knew the survey was looking for additional hands .
the branch insignia on the lapels denoted armor and the shoulder patch was from xii corps .
he was going to an armored branch conference at fort irwin .
he was armored branch . ''
he was armored branch .
they 're armored branch .
` ` an agenda for an armored branch conference is missing .
korea was one of the biggest branch offices the u.s . army has to offer .
` ` you teach your stuff to armored branch ? ''
` ` irwin is n't exclusively armored branch .
` ` kramer was an armored branch commander in europe .
he was worried about embarrassment for armored branch in particular . ''
` ` in armored branch ?
* * * after a rough start , avery gained momentum and spent seven hours at the royal bank of montreal , georgetown , grand cayman branch .
on the top floor of the royal bank of montreal , grand cayman branch , a secretary from wire transfers slid a computer printout under the very pointed and proper nose of randolph osgood .
he had promised to show them to dr . chandra uttam of the viral diseases branch of the world health organization .
so , grumbling , he had finally acquiesced and sent off full explanatory memos and blood samples to the cdc , the special pathogens branch of who , porton down in the u.k . , the university of anvers in belgium , germany 's bernard nocht institute , the special pathogens branch of the pasteur institute in france , and all the other level four labs around the globe .
so , grumbling , he had finally acquiesced and sent off full explanatory memos and blood samples to the cdc , the special pathogens branch of who , porton down in the u.k . , the university of anvers in belgium , germany 's bernard nocht institute , the special pathogens branch of the pasteur institute in france , and all the other level four labs around the globe .
his wife 's father owns the company he works for - a spare parts firm - and he 's posted over here because he 's a complete ass and the second - in - command at the cairo branch runs the show .
the legislative branch of government , actively reflecting the current views of a far wider spectrum of the body politic than either an entrenched executive branch or the life - tenured judiciary , must negotiate within itself and reach a consensus on each of the hundredfold issues presented to its two deliberative arms .
the legislative branch of government , actively reflecting the current views of a far wider spectrum of the body politic than either an entrenched executive branch or the life - tenured judiciary , must negotiate within itself and reach a consensus on each of the hundredfold issues presented to its two deliberative arms .
if compromise is the art of governance within a pluralistic society , no one does it better , or with more aggravation , than the legislative branch of the united states government with its innumerable , often insufferable and frequently ridiculous committees .
but it was n't until his third meeting that he understood a recurring error in his colleagues ' approach to the witnesses from the various intelligence branches .
the legislative branch of this government does not take direct orders from the executive , presidential or otherwise . '
he played polo and you introduced me as a silent branch of the rothschilds - which , unfortunately , i think he believed . '
the colorado branch of the party was enthusiastic , especially as the money was contributed by donors who insisted on remaining anonymous .
instead , they were killers from the most radical branch of the islamic jihad .
the myriad branches of the enterprise were not crushed nor even exposed .
on paper , he was the director of the state department 's bureau of intelligence and research ; in reality , he was the director of its covert branch , consular operations .
` ` sir richard '' had to be richard whitehead , the director of britain 's special investigations branch .
no sane person or responsible military branch would accept it .
janson had been an agent of one of america 's most secretive intelligence branches for twenty - five years : his profile was as thoroughly scrutinized as anyone 's .
in one branch , the united states does nothing , the world does nothing , and novak is killed .
a subsequent inspection of logs and calendars would reveal only the humdrum , commonplace tasks of personal and family maintenance to which even the highest - ranking officials of the executive branch and its allied bureaus must attend .
the chief assessor of inland revenue 's westminster branch was jostling his way through the crowd with an eye on his watch : you never had as much authority with those berks at lloyds when you showed up late ; everybody said so .
or : because it was not a branch at all .
he knew that a covert branch of the u.s . government sought his death .
there was an active consular operations branch based at the u.s . consulate general in milan , on via principe amedeo - just a fifty - minute drive away .
there were dozens of packages that arrived from all the expected locations , cities corresponding to the major liberty foundation branch offices .
the fertile fields of the d.c . superior court criminal division , felony branch , were worked on a daily basis by the office of the public defender , the safety net for all indigent defendants .
the 800 phone number routed callers to the sweatshop , the new nickname for the shopping center branch of the law offices of j. clay carter ii .
the yale branch was born .
the yale branch now had eleven lawyers , seven of whom had actually gone to yale .
he brought in the twelve paralegals and five secretaries from the sweatshop ; the yale branch lawyers who 'd been in other space were likewise transferred to connecticut avenue , to the land of higher rents , where they felt more at home .
the fact that a branch of the firm was about to produce such results had everyone excited , but the waiting had become worrisome .
myers did n't like them , which was no surprise , and clay suspected that one reason he preferred the firm 's branch office in hong kong was because it was so far away from the van horns .
trying to broker agreements among half - a - dozen different executive branch departments , each with its own competing views and pet agendas , was never easy .
cover is import traffic manager , dynamax corporation , west berlin branch .
they know we could no more accept the matarese than we do the maniacs within our own branches .
` ` at least a branch of the family , and not far outside of rome . ''
after he had transferred out of consular operations into a civilized branch of the state department .
he left them in a curtained dressing room at a branch of durms , buying a dark tweed mackinaw jacket and an irish walking hat , the soft brim falling around his head , a circle of narrow fabric throwing shadows downward across his face .
we 're closing in ; we have names , covert alliances , knowledge that intelligence branches in washington , moscow , and bonn have been manipulated .
the machinery was in place , matarese branches throughout europe and america , money and , even more important , confidential information flowing back and forth weekly , if not daily .
the confidential information between the branches was no longer used as a threat , instead it was sold .
` ` unorthodox , '' interrupted station six , nearest on the right below matareisen , ` ` which means he 'll probably reach one of our branches and have it make contact with us . ''
with their individual branches , we 'll control over eight thousand lending institutions in the united states and europe . ''
eight thousand branches routinely issuing lines of credit to over ten thousand major corporations in major cities and states alone is maximum leverage . ''
it has been estimated that with the thousands of branches owned by upi , the new financial conglomerate will be a major lending institution throughout the united states , the pacific rim , southern europe , and the mediterranean , from gibraltar to istanbul .
an english colleague had taken him to a branch office in oxford where an updated version of a decoding machine was in operation , the proximity to the university for purposes of immediate scholarship and research .
although they were both g - two , they would be assigned to other branches for counterintelligence purposes . ''
` ` you 're an elite unit , what the british call special branch .
` ` you 're the italian branch of the matarese , are n't you ? ''
` ` what if i told you that mi - five and our italian branch of the cia know that we 're here right now ? ''
a member of our associate branch , mi - six !
the directorate of operations , the cia 's covert branch of infiltration , went to work without knowing what the objectives were , not an unusual situation .
` ` our personnel , mi - six , our foreign branch . ''
` ` so much for the italian branch of the matarese .
paris , france private and nonprofit , l'institut pasteur was one of the great scientific centers of the world , with some twenty branches located on five continents .
aalst , belgium outside the old market town of aalst stood the country estate of the brabant branch of the la porte family .
sam collins had apparently tossed away his secret service career , and malone knew that if you failed with one security branch , rarely did another extend a hand .
the firm had thirty - three lawyers at the moment , second largest in rio with a branch in sao paulo and another in new york .
it was a branch of the united bank of wales .
the bank hi panama was a branch of the bank of ontario , so it was easy to wire in as much as i needed . ''
her two o'clock appointment was with a senior vice president of deutschebank , london branch .
the wire from his bank , zurich branch , would be for one hundred and thirteen million dollars , sent immediately to the americabank , washington branch .
the wire from his bank , zurich branch , would be for one hundred and thirteen million dollars , sent immediately to the americabank , washington branch .
pat tells me there 's a branch office three blocks from the condo .
next , we go to the suncoast bank branch near the condo , and as we get close , pat preps me for what 's coming .
twenty minutes later , i ' m in the vault at a branch of the jacksonville savings bank .
minutes later , i ' m driving a few blocks to a branch of jacksonville savings .
i feel like a bank robber riding around the suburbs , casing the branches and deciding which will be the easiest to hit .
i know a branch manager at first trust , says he 'll give us thirty checks a month free and two percent interest on our money .
without first consulting me , deck sneaks his phone from the office and takes it to butch , then together they take it to an acquaintance who once allegedly worked for some branch of the military .
i drive to a branch bank and close my savings account .
the wrong branch of the family had it .
if she had wanted it otherwise , she would have commanded any number of men in either or both the legislative and executive branches of the united states government .
then , straight ahead , to his right , next to a credit suisse / volksbank branch office , he spotted a luggage store .
you use any card under your name , and it 's going to sound an immediate alarm in washington and god knows what branch offices we ' ve got . ''
our lady of mercy , nuestra senora de la merced , was an italian ate basilica perched on the swarming cane defensa , across from a disconcertingly contemporary branch office of the banco de galicia .
drake and sweeney had more than a hundred lawyers in its chicago branch .
a branch bank got robbed two years ago .
it was a simple checking account held at a branch of a regional bank in arlington , virginia .
m. e. froelich stared at the branch 's business address in surprise .
morris rosen is the u - crew 's summer intern from the oshkosh branch of uw .
what does our intelligence branch want with low - grade halucinogens ?
what i am trying to build here is a sense of trust , that trust to be based on the idea that we 're both outsiders - both freaks , if you will - buried in the bowels of the kgb 's american branch . ''
and the branch that built that house was the last of the family .
he 's found a firm that has a branch in amsterdam , '' he adds in a hopeful voice .
the leader of the north european branch of the brotherhood , desiderius erasmus , had written to claudia from queens ' college at cambridge , where the wandering scholar was for the present living and teaching , that there was a newly appointed doctor in bible at wittenberg , a young man called luther , whose religious thinking might need watching , as it seemed to be leading to something very revolutionary indeed - something that might yet again threaten the fragile stability of europe .
there was no time to get to chigi 's bank and none of its three branches was on his route , so he resorted to a moneylender , who drove a hard bargain , but made up the sum ezio already carried to the one thousand required .
` ` and the post office branch you sent the check through ? ''
the ceo of branch federated came up here from headquarters in houston , specifically to thank you .
after i had worked with peri pyper for a month , it became apparent to me that she was gathering evidence to prove that branch federated was tampering with its mills ' pollution - monitoring equipment .
she could prove branch federated had ordered its managers to miscalibrate pollution monitors in eight states , had lied to the department of health in four states , and had fabricated the results of its own quality - assurance testing in every single plant , bar none .
the next night , i helped her right into the waiting arms of branch federated security .
` ` sure , we snuffed out a whistle - blower in dlc , and branch federated compensated us regally .
i accompanied the whale - fishers on several expeditions to the north sea ; i voluntarily endured cold , famine , thirst , and want of sleep ; i often worked harder than the common sailors during the day , and devoted my nights to the study of mathematics , the theory of medicine , and those branches of physical science from which a naval adventurer might derive the greatest practical advantage .
sir isaac newton is said to have avowed that he felt like a child picking up shells beside the great and unexplored ocean of truth.4 those of his successors in each branch of natural philosophy with whom i was acquainted appeared , even to my boy 's apprehensions , as tyrosq engaged in the same pursuit .
in this mood of mind i betook myself to the mathematics , and the branches of study appertaining to that science , as being built upon secure foundations , and so worthy of my consideration .
he asked me several questions concerning my progress in the different branches of science appertaining to natural philosophy .
chemistry is that branch of natural philosophy in which the greatest improvements have been and may be made : it is on that account that i have made it my peculiar study ; but at the same time i have not neglected the other branches of science .
chemistry is that branch of natural philosophy in which the greatest improvements have been and may be made : it is on that account that i have made it my peculiar study ; but at the same time i have not neglected the other branches of science .
if your wish is to become really a man of science , and not merely a petty ex perimentalist , i should advise you to apply to every branch of natural philosophy , including mathematics . ''
i revolved these circumstances in my mind , and determined thenceforth to apply myself more particularly to those branches of natural philosophy which relate to physiology .
` ` as each branch of the family spread out to different areas of the world , the name changed to fit the language of that area .
we joined the spanish branch of the rogue hunters once she 'd adjusted to being an immortal .
` ` but the hypocras club- '' ` ` the hypocras club was only one smal branch , and their actions became sadly public .
a pipe , a branch i could use as a club , anything .
` ` the hypocras was a militant branch of the obo .
they were n't even an offshoot branch of the family , as werewolves and shapeshifters are .
her smile was tentative - an olive branch .
` ` i am in law enforcement , a special branch , but i am also independently wealthy , so she would never want for anything . ''
she was a fighter , and she would somehow get word to destiny and nicolae that this branch of carpathians was traitors .
you poured in hundreds of millions of dollars over the decades to help outfit the facilities , and you provided valuable intel from both a social and political standpoint among the european branches of the breed nation . ''
there is an entire branch of witchcraft that uses ley lines instead of potions , and i had spent two semesters cleaning up after one of my professor 's labs so i would n't have to take more than the basic course .
witches specializing in this branch of craft tapped directly into ley lines for their strength .
i never realized there was a branch of humanity who could alter their features . ''
and the mixing of the two branches of magic was in every curse .
i was n't going to twist a demon curse for a disguise when i could use an illegal , white earth charm , but comparing the two might give me insight into how the three branches of magic pulled on each other 's strengths .
it made this branch of magic faster and flashier , but there were ten times more black ley line witches than black earth witches .
jack might trust this vampire implicitly , but i was n't so inclined ` ` my investigations have led me to believe we have two branches of research happening - one doing cloning , one doing the crossbreeds .
i ' m head of the nova scotia branch of the clan , and i serve my king however he needs me .
i ' m offering an olive branch .
the desire to create the perfect humanoid , one possessing the most desirable characteristics from all branches of humanity . ''
` ` people have lost entire branches of their families .
it 's the political branch who are pushing for this , of course .
he continued , ` ` just as werewolves , shapeshifters , mermen , and the like can not escape the reality that they are merely another branch of the well - spring from which humanity sprung . ''
we have not determined the exact mathematical nature of the distance , whether bodies of water are key factors , and so forth , but it promises to be a fascinating branch of research .
in between trying to learn about the legislative branch of government and trying to look cool and beautiful in case brendan was looking at her , ivy tried to figure out how she knew olivia abbott .
consider it an olive branch .
not the most charming branch of the juarez family tree .
she would be heading up a new branch of the department , one dedicated solely to the task of finding a way to allow her cousin vincent and her uncle victor to feed without the need to bite mortals .
this curse was one of the few i 'd ever seen that did n't use a pentagram , and i wondered if it was a completely different branch of magic .
the summer that jesse turned seventeen she went to vienna to meet the russian emigre branch of the family , young fervent intellectuals and musicians whom she greatly loved .
visits among the various branches were common ; frequent intermarriage had made endless entanglements ; every family house contained rooms in constant readiness for relatives who might drop in .
she was the keeper of the records of the great family , that is , all the branches under many names throughout the world .
it was she who frequently brought members together , even arranging marriages to unite different branches , and the one who could invariably provide help in times of trouble , help that could sometimes mean the difference between life and death .
of course the grandest discovery for her had been the family history that there were countless leader volumes tracing the lineage of all the branches of the great family for centuries back .
no mention of anyone connected to any branch or surname of the great family that jesse had ever heard of .
and so i created the fiction of a branch of the family which kept all its records - for there were now tablets and scrolls in abundance , and even bound books .
and in each generation of this fictional branch , there was a fictional woman to whom the task of recordkeeping was passed .
this is just what these branches are for .
` ` these branches are meant to be like this , '' stefan was saying .
this branch was like having a box seat over the drama unfolding below .
` ` the branch counts .
he and his brethren did n't have a lot of friends among the breed 's governing branches , least of all the enforcement agency , which acted as both police and policymakers for the general vampire populations .
` ` that 's a rare branch of magic . ''
since the charonte were one of the most powerful branches of demon , it served him best to stay off her radar .
i admitted i was afraid of the very idea , as afraid as a mortal might have been of designing offspring genetically to enter certain branches of the arts or certain professions .
in every generation she reinvented a human persona for herself so that she might care for the great family , care for the genealogical records , distribute the grants and the trusts , keep branches and clans in touch with one another .
the family 's huge ; branches exist in almost every country in the world ; she 'd spent most of the first decade of the new millennium sitting in law offices and bank offices and building libraries and archives so that the family would survive without her . ''
and you probably do n't have a branch of the u.s . treasury inside you , minting coins . ''
mol is based in arizona , but it has branches in all the southwestern states , including texas . ''
they were very vague about what these two gentlemen had to say to you , or why they came from lubbock instead of the marthasville branch of mol .
the book sounded promising , and she had dashed off to the main branch .
here was the spiritual leader of the sanguinist branch of the catholic church , just as the pope was the spiritual leader of the human branch of the catholic church .
here was the spiritual leader of the sanguinist branch of the catholic church , just as the pope was the spiritual leader of the human branch of the catholic church .
in owen 's case , his talent for metal , a branch of stone magic , let him sense all kinds of metal and ore , control them , and even forge them into whatever he wanted .
hugh ran the iron dogs , the military branch .
someone had to run the people , the research branch .
the branch bearer .
don williams , former head of a covert branch of homeland security that guarded the public against rogue supernatural creatures , had died ten days ago .
sure , i 'd spent years working for a covert branch of homeland security tracking paranormal homicides , but in those circumstances , the vampires had usually been the perpetrators .
` ` he 's the head of a really covert branch of the cia , so if he 's here , he 's after something more important than auditing tate 's job performance , '' don went on .
even though i 'd quit my job leading the secret branch of homeland security that hunted rogue vampires and ghouls , life had n't been dull .
if don could run a secret branch of the government to fight the undead , finding a foster home for an orphan should n't be too hard .
` ` um , they were from some branch of government , they did n't say which .
his great - grandfather had started the family business as an institution for the preservation of an odd branch of humans who could foresee the future when they were injured .
and now the same branch of the fru wanted to take kylie in for testing .
burnett , a thirty - something vampire , worked for the fru - fallen research unit - a branch of the fbi whose job it was to govern the supernaturals .
it involved only one small branch of the fru that has been shut down , and charges were brought against a lot of people .
but tyler got word that you guys were aware of the operation and had closed down the dallas branches , so he shut down .
certainly , there were far - flung branches of the gardella family throughout the world , where venators born to the family legacy were called ... but the most powerful of them , and the leader of the vampire hunters , descended only from the direct line .
victoria did n't have the heart to tell her mother - who had memorized the lineage of every noble family in england - that her interest in phillip had not extended to learning every branch of his sparse family tree .
but then he continued , ` ` i believe the back of the book shows a full family tree , and also every venator from the extended branches of the family tree - and those of us who ca n't claim one drop of gardella blood .
fortunately there had been other vampire hunters born from gardeleus 's blood over the ages - arising randomly from far - flung branches of the family tree .
zavier , who was particularly interested in the female slayers , had told her that each of the women venators were direct descendants of gardeleus - as victoria herself was , and her aunt before her , and unlike himself and michalas , who were from other branches of the family .
other venators , like zavier , were also from the gardella family tree , but had sprung randomly from far - flung branches that often went for three or more generations without producing a potential venator .
just as they rejoined their guide , a pretty blond woman came bursting on the scene from a different branch of the hallway .
wondering if they were all from the far - reaching branches of the gardella family , or if they were venators who chose their profession , as max had , victoria watched as her aunt greeted each of them by name and in various languages .
the rest of us ... well , we are diluted gardellas , from the very furthest branches of the family , spread or sent all over the world .
the rest are from far - flung branches of the family .
she saw the way hers and aunt eustacia 's lines in the family tree fell directly beneath that of the first gardella , and how other venators appeared randomly throughout other branches .
nora 's formor boss , who , now noarly two yoars aftor the fall of the govornmont , still insisted on woaring the uniform symbolic of the contors ' origin as a branch of the u.s . navy .
thoy walked up the front stops of the main branch of the now york public library , botwoon the twin stono lions , pationco and fortitudo .
the main branch had boon constructed on the sito of the croton rosorvoir , a man - mado lako that provided wator for the island , mado obsoloto by the boginning of the twontioth contury .
redbird 's race was a small one - they called themselves green birth , a branch of fae that ate no meat and did not engage in any form of physical violence .
` ` he assigned a report on a faldaran battle six hundred years ago that involved a branch of fae and the humanoids who lived there .
` ` it 's possible - larry frazier worked with most branches of the military , '' bill acknowledged .
bill had called out the national guard , in addition to anybody else available , including all four branches of the military .
there were at least two branches in town that stayed open until eight , i 'd just have to find the right day to do it .
' i will admit , ' she said , ' that some other branches of the librarians have been pursuing their own ends in the city .
` ` ah , here is mr . mcbride , to report , i am sure , on our fire insurance branch . ''
which works out just fine since the other branch is more of a night job , really . ''
i may have a transfer request from another branch . ''
it did n't look much different than our carolina branch .
` ` i ' m as high up as you can get in my branch of things .
they are the strongest branch of the martis .
i only caught a glimpse because they were in another branch of the maze ; but if they catch nikki 's scent- '' ` ` my scent ? ''
` ` how many branches and offshoots are there ? ''
the thing that most mystified the professional mystery solvers of the small branch of interpol 's main european office was that amelia bennett was so lucky .
` ` he 's part of the european branch ; tells everyone he races formula one cars , but really he 's just a gambler .
by kat 's count , there were five branches , six divorces , and nine pending lawsuits .
this is where the uber - rich send their uber - embarrassing , uber - crazy branches of the family tree ? ''
` ` there 's a branch of the government that knows of us , within the department of defense , but that 's about it .
` ` you mean besides the obvious obsidian , the alien entourage , and the branch ? ''
and how bloody perfect for a piece of dirt like him to end up in the intelligence branch of their service !
the intelligence branch must be served , i suppose .
` ` for if i fall into the clutches of the intelligence branch upon our return to london , they will torture me to find out what i know about a certain spy ring , and i have already told them everything i can about that and can not tell them any more , but they will not believe me so they will hurt me more and more '' -i start gasping for air- '' and more , and when they are convinced that i can give them no additional information , they will kill me - either privately with a knife to the throat , or publicly with a hanging at newgate prison .
` ` they were put there last month on the mississippi river by a lieutenant flashby , special agent of the intelligence branch .
negotiations with a certain branch of our government resulted in the imminent release of your son .
i sink against the cushions , chuckling over messrs . carr and boyd , who by this time must be planning new careers for themselves , knowing that surely they will be sacked from the intelligence branch , if not taken out and shot , for the misplacement of one small female .
` ` they are members of the intelligence branch of our service , jaimy .
figuring logically that the admiralty would have more use for you alive than dead , higgins began to worm his way into the navy 's intelligence branch .
higgins , or should i say agent higgins , is now well established in the intelligence branch .
with my track record , i 'll probably be able to screw up all three branches of government in about a week and a half , '' tim says .
-a 8 coming clean spencer had been sitting in a holding cell at the philadelphia fbi branch office for more than an hour now .
` ` so i have confessed to treason in front of an agent of the intelligence branch ? ''
it is carr and boyd , two cold - eyed agents of the intelligence branch of the royal navy , come to take me , yet again .
the judicial branch of government is involved in this as well .
you will be accompanied by dr . stephen sebastian , with whom you are acquainted and who you also know is a member of our branch of service .
so much for the olive branch .
she had told kirios the coven had reason to believe the midnights would use the celebration of the king 's marriage as an opportune time to attack the daylights , who had set up one of their largest branches of the coven in paris .
the second division of the second line was made up of more vampyres , who along with the third branch of magiks , stood to defend the council who led from the back .
` ` the nearest branch is closed for the night .
when i get to boot camp they tell me the marines are a branch of the navy .
bo tells me that the air force girls are better - looking than in any other branch of the armed services , and so he has left me to my letter - writing .
if you bank your money in the branch in colchester , you will be able to draw it out in any of its branches - london , ireland , scotland - anywhere .
if you bank your money in the branch in colchester , you will be able to draw it out in any of its branches - london , ireland , scotland - anywhere .
samantha ` ` what branch was your husband in ?
` ` there are four branches of the military .
we have the smallest number of men compared to any other military branch but we are the first to be called out .
` ` i can offer you any branch of the military you like , '' bodeker says .
` ` to establish a branch of the house of chen in the new world will be the purpose .
on days of rest , the men gathered around it to argue , converse , drink , smoke , and play cards on different branch levels .
` ` it was just a tiny satellite branch . ''
` ` they say what branch ? ''
might be army , might be a bunch of different branches .
greek orthodoxy is a branch of the catholic church , with many of the same beliefs and sacraments .
it was a quick walk to the main branch of the ashville library , one i barely remembered , my mind utterly consumed with mrs . gettis and a much older memory .
i knew it was an important olive branch to extend .
i would accept any olive branch that he cared to offer me .
` ` there are ten branches of my bank here in cochabamba , and they do n't have enough manpower to watch all of them at the same time .
tt : chapter 3 june 8th , 2005 elanger hospital was a bustling modern hospital with four branches spread out on each side of the city of chattanooga ; north , south , east , west , and one at the center of the city , accounting for five in total .
to my relief , the mutans did not follow us into this branch of the tunnel .
a sniper , what branch of the service was he in ?
when required , monastery housing hired a clerk of works portacabin from the local branch of a national hire firm .
i threatened to buy monastery housing association , sack him , and open up a branch office in spain .
after the back of his head was removed he dropped his weapon as well , but unfortunately the fun and games were nt quite finished yet as a very grand daimler limo was entering the very same car park as these events were unfolding , and on the back seat of the car resided the lord chief justice of england and wales , also on his way to for pub lunch , and as he was a very important person he warranted an so1 ( special protection branch of the metropolitan police ) bodyguard .
beside me sat teddy , half asleep and with a blob of marmalade on his shirt , and behind me , in my hand crafted bespoke cabin ( it had been specially designed for my every personal convenience ) was now just plain james wood , ex inspector of so1 special protection branch , inma ( she also came with the airfield she cleaned , and things ) and topsy .
one by one the larger institutions began to gobble up local banks , now we were forced to deal with the branches of state and regional banks .
the handwriting was on the wall they began to join hmos to form partnerships and clinics or in many cases leave general practice altogether and concentrate on some branch of specialized medicine .
queens branch closed down did nt it ?
arii held the branch .
but such a branch would not be sufficient to feed millions , as the land is dry and lacking irrigation .
despite his parents contradiction , humik decided to seek some work , but it wo nt be in their branch of business .
while the navy had owned the antarctic program from its inception , the other branches of the military had , over time , gotten the opportunity to become involved in the operation .
william and ron were in different branches of the private research group .
officially , it was a branch of the swiss guard meant to protect his person ; unofficially , it was a special forces outfit meant to seek out and destroy any potential threat he may face .
lets go to the spring branch after school today .
it is a branch or off shoot from the ancestry line of the transylvanian vampire .
in the previous generation my branch lost a fight for control and was bought out , leaving us stock - poor but well - funded .
you fear , maybe hate , this whole conceptthe making of all these alternative futures , these branches in the time - stream .
what i fear is he 'll start bouncing around from year to year , decade to decade , always looking for a branch of history where evan koskinen can be a star .
perhaps the name koskinen , in whatever barbaric form it survived the era , would loudly ring down the corridors of time in this branch of history .
you will learn horsewomanship , swordswomanship in all its branches , and dancing .
' there are several branches of the d'artagnyns at tarbes and in its environs , ' said the cardinal ; ' to which do you belong ? '
spaniards , englishmen , and italian malcontents , adventurers of all nations , and soldiers of fortune of every sect , flocked at the first summons under the standard of the protestants , and organized themselves like a vast association , whose branches diverged freely over all parts of europe .
his father was a celebrated war hero with many admirers in all branches of the military .
now we are international with branches on all the continents .
still , small branches of the family existed , and these continued the mantle of wealth .
when humans gained their items a branch happened amongst wolves .
and though each location was distinct in municipality and establishment , one detail remained consistent in every single situation : only one specific account from each branch was stolen ?
chapter six being in any branch or leaf of the military should make a person use to loud noises .
captain robert edward scarburg , jr captain scarburg had a nickname little s. this had been his handle since his days in vietnam when he held the rank of captain in the intelligence branch of the 5th special forces .
it was given that all life - force was a manifestation of energy , it was also given that the key to its sustainability was that no single branch of the energys manifestation could be prioritised , and so the cycle and re - cycle system was the unspoken law , all life was one life .
* * * any biologist knows that the evolution of a species does not happen overnight , its likely that the changes which occur in any branch of life happen due to the effective timing of cosmic alignments activating a build up of required changes .
a pair of crossed rifles in the center gave the final clue as to what branch of service this man belonged to .
gunnery sergeant , i m aware that marine ncos are accustomed to more responsibility than their counterparts in other branches of service , he began .
agravain and his kinsmen form a powerful branch of arthurs fellowship .
several branches of government watch them closely .
inside the bank , a door greeter led them to a private office where the branch manager , jerry flynn , joined them almost immediately .
socom is a unified command comprised of combat specialists from all service branches with immense flexibility for small - unit combat missions in all environments and circumstances .
roughly , we have about eight hundred taxis in the chicago branch .
rachaels office was located in the d ring where all g2 offices were located , regardless of military branch .
as a green beret , he worked in small units of soldiers and members of elite forces from other branches of the military .
it was not unusual for general officers to earn their third star in other dod branches .
so , when the house committee on homeland security demanded action by the executive branch , and dhs specifically , it was laughable because it offered none of the budget authority to enforce the laws .
as secret headquarters penchant for using up volunteers from other branches of service became known through the covert agency community , personnel willing to act in the capacity of duke manfists partner had become harder and harder to find .
dashfort 's fiscal office announced itself with bold letters carved into the stone , and neatly - painted signs marked the police station , a small prison , the dashfort region branch of the assessors ' college , and the administrative hall .
i have no idea if she made it ; the family was disgraced and moved to rejoin another branch of the akhter family in france .
you may want to visit the building society branch on north street , in keighley .
we need to cooperate , said beth offering an olive branch .
the day he was to be awarded the new rank , eden vanished off the face of the earth along with nine other soldiers all of whom were specially selected by eden himself from different branches of the military .
soon after classified secret documents were leaked to the public and the top heads of every branch of the military were slowly being slaughtered one by one .
it came back as a positive match to a gregory sanotovich , a master bomb maker who was on loan from a branch of the russian military .
the bank was the same one the retired doctor used and he asked for a few minutes while he went in and checked with his branch .
i have three degrees in three branches of biology , and want to do my ph.d . in all of them one day ; but then i was employed here and it will have to wait a few years .
your mother also said , and this was most mysterious to me , if you are unable to resurrect from antiquity the ancient royal house of david , fear not , you will help pave the way ; and if not you , one of your offspring or relatives from my family will do so , as the branch of david .
the call sign is correct , herr kapitan , said the young signalman , a touch indignantly , after all the kapitans grobe scheibet , as it was known , had nothing to do with his branch .
prior to that time the valleys and mountains were inhabited by the luiseo for nearly twenty five hundred years , the southwestern branch of the takic people , whose language flows backward into the great stream of uto - aztecan peoples .
she mastered the science of psychology , studied human capacities that had been previously remained unknown , spent time in many ancient monasteries and churches and worked her way through so many tomes of literature covering the various branches of alternative medicine that in time she was able to open her own practise .
# # # about the author : greg apgar is a combat veteran of two branches of the armed forces , and has worked in the museum industry for the last seventeen years .
my mail consisted of the latest pcv newsletter , a sealed telephone message , an official looking envelope from the bank of america , seoul branch , and an aerogramme from my stepdad , ed .
i pulled the crumpled aerogramme from my back pocket : tyler , by now you should have received notification from the bank of america , seoul branch , concerning funds i have cabled to you from the u.s .
the only unfinished branch of the family tree , according to our records , was in my great - grandfathers generation .
i know what you mean , we are on opposite sides of the earth , you with a new branch of the family have done so well .
i am general stilwell , united states army and liaison to every security branch in our government .
one of the undecayed whateleys , from a different branch of that infamous family ; also the baxters who owned a broker 's house in new york together with the middletons cloth manufacturers from the mill town of bolton .
captain drew matthews of the army intelligence branch entered the briefing room at constantine and saluted his superior , colonel nuckells , who returned the salute and motioned to a chair , have a seat , captain .
the question of necessity is not one of a judicial character , but rather one for determination by the lawmaking branch of the government .
the main provisions of the act are : ( 1 ) a prohibition against persons , not citizens of the philippines , and against associations , partnerships , or corporations the capital of which are not wholly owned by citizens of the philippines , from engaging directly or indirectly in the retail trade ; ( 2 ) an exception from the above prohibition in favor of aliens actually engaged in said business on may 15 , 1954 , who are allowed to continue to engaged therein , unless their licenses are forfeited in accordance with the law , until their death or voluntary retirement in case of natural persons , and for ten years after the approval of the act or until the expiration of term in case of juridical persons ; ( 3 ) an exception therefrom in favor of citizens and juridical entities of the united states ; ( 4 ) a provision for the forfeiture of licenses ( to engage in the retail business ) for violation of the laws on nationalization , control weights and measures and labor and other laws relating to trade , commerce and industry ; ( 5 ) a prohibition against the establishment or opening by aliens actually engaged in the retail business of additional stores or branches of retail business , ( 6 ) a provision requiring aliens actually engaged in the retail business to present for registration with the proper authorities a verified statement concerning their businesses , giving , among other matters , the nature of the business , their assets and liabilities and their offices and principal offices of judicial entities ; and ( 7 ) a provision allowing the heirs of aliens now engaged in the retail business who die , to continue such business for a period of six months for purposes of liquidation .
furthermore , other 65 - year olds who have likewise retired from the judiciary and other branches of government are not in any manner disqualified to run for any local elective office , as in the case of retired court of first instance judge ( former congressman ) alberto s. ubay who retired with full substantial retirement benefits as such judge in 1978 at age 70 and now at past 71 years of age , is running as the official kbl candidate for governor of his province .
` ` at jons cu soon wats kaori chan up2 '' kaori was an old colleague of mike 's who had transferred to another branch in osaka about six months ago .
a few days later , after discovering there was no money in my atm , i ran into the nearest branch office of my bank , got a print out of my checking , and saw there was a debit to charles schwab for 5,500 dollars .
it had been done by appointment , and not surprisingly the branches entire video system had gone down for routine maintenance that very same day , so there was no video images of the transaction , although they did have a name , mr michael leigh .
franklin blithely continued on , we had a customer at my old branch , he was a thug and made no bones about it , so i searched his address and we sat outside his house until he went to his pub , it took us three evenings of watching but we passed the time quite nicely , ( eeew we all thought ) and then shaun , he was so very brave , went in to try and talk to him , and he turned out really nice .
she went on to describe the link between us , pointing out where the two branches of the mcadams and braughton family joined .
do nt forget that nellie lived two thousand kilometres from here , and they were from completely different branches of the family .
he told her about the roky erickson federal building , and how since it was a tbi branch office it seemed only logical to check out the main headquarters at city hall .
white eagle , in appreciation of semi - condor bulling finchs performance , assigned her a colony branch in a very very big birds city , north of fantasia .
very soon she became famous for bullying wealthy branch neighbors who refused to donate money to colony and even organized a violent rally .
condor vaita was sent to a branch colony where sympathetic condor flu - flu sacrificed for him the worst , hot - like an oven for baking broilers - room on the top floor of his branch building .
condor vaita was sent to a branch colony where sympathetic condor flu - flu sacrificed for him the worst , hot - like an oven for baking broilers - room on the top floor of his branch building .
are you proud of the spiritual development of condor s maya , of condor viata , condor flu - flu and a fat , old condor from a colony branch in a very , very big birds city , north of fantasia who got nested with branch bookkeeper human lady called by friendly devotees gracious gus ?
are you proud of the spiritual development of condor s maya , of condor viata , condor flu - flu and a fat , old condor from a colony branch in a very , very big birds city , north of fantasia who got nested with branch bookkeeper human lady called by friendly devotees gracious gus ?
the dvds and cds were endorsed with an instruction that if anything happened to him all information should be given to fantasia central government corruption commission , all available investigative journalists ; local and international and birds interpol , in all countries where colony had branches , authorities and obviously press , equally mainstream and independent .
of course , i do nt recollect any white allinghams would own to being kin to that branch of their family .
it is even more unusual for them all to be in the same branch .
everyone who ever served , up to age 65 , was reactivated and automatically made part of their old branch of service .
1834 santa anna rescinds the constitution of 1824 and sets up a military dictatorship 1835 january - june worried texans begin forming committees of correspondence , especially at san felipe de austin may 12 santa anna defeats the zacatecan militia june 30 william b. travis commands a small force of texians who demand and receive the surrender of the mexican garrison under captain tenorio at fort anahuac july 13 stephen austin is released from captivity in mexico july - september santa anna sends reinforcements to la bahia ( goliad ) under colonel condelle , bexar ( san antonio ) under general cos , and gonzales under colonel ugartechea september 16 general cos occupies san antonio with a force of 800 soldiers september 19 - austin sends out a call to arms to texians to rally in gonzales october the permanent council meets at san felipe and elects richard royall of matagorda president october 2 the first battle of the revolution , fought at gonzales ; a small force of texians under the command of colonel john moore attacks the mexican army , under captain francisco castaneda ; after a brief skirmish , the mexican force withdraws to san antonio october 10 texians attack and take the presidio at la bahia , unaware that general cos has departed for bexar october 11 stephen austin is elected commanding general of the volunteer army of texas october 13 austin leads the volunteer army of texas overland to bexar october 20 -december 9 siege of bexar october 28 - the battle of concepcion pits colonel ugartechea against colonels bowie and fannin in the first major battle of the war november 3 under the command of captain phillip dimmitt , texian forces take fort lipantitlan november 2 - 14 texians dissolve the permanent council and begin a new government at san felipe ; henry smith is elected governor , sam houston is elected commander - in - chief of the regular army of texas , and austin , branch archer and william wharton are appointed commissioners to the united states november 24 -austin resigns as commander of the army and the texians at bexar elect edward burleson as commander of the army at bexar november 28 texians under the command of james bowie win the grass fight december 5 ben milam leads troops into san antonio , he is killed on december 7 december 9 - general cos vacates san antonio de bexar and occupies the alamo december 11 cos surrenders , his troops are allowed to march to mexico december 15- general burleson , thinking the war is over , resigns his commission and returns home ; many texians follow 1836 january 3 dr . james grant and colonel james fannin lead a force south from bexar with the intent of capturing matamoros ; the texian force at san antonio is thus decimated january 17 governor smith sends colonel james bowie from goliad to support the garrison at san antonio january 24 governor smith orders colonel william travis to san antonio to support colonel neill january 30 general houston places himself on furlough until march 1 , stating to governor smith that he can not lead an army that is so poorly conceived february 1 davy crockett arrives at the alamo with a small band of tennesseans february 23 general santa anna arrives with his army at san antonio , the siege of the alamo begins february 24 - bowie collapses , most likely from pneumonia , typhoid or diphtheria , passing command to travis february 27 general jose urrea , leading a mexican army northward along the coastal route , surprises and defeats colonel frank johnson and his troops at the battle of san patricio march 1 a new convention meets at washington - on - the - brazos ; thirty - two settlers under george kimball fight their way into the alamo march 2 texas declares independence from mexico at washington - on - the - brazos march 3 sam houston is appointed commander - in - chief of the army of the republic of texas ; he immediately marches west to gonzales march 6 the mexican army defeats the texians at the battle of the alamo , santa anna now mistakenly believes that the war is largely over march 11 sam houston receives word at gonzales that the alamo has fallen ; he orders a general retreat of the army of texas march 12 - 15 general urrea defeats a texan force and takes refugio march 16 texans adopt a constitution at washington - on - the - brazos ; david g. burnet is elected interim president of the republic of texas march 19 colonel fannin sets out with his army from goliad ; colonel fannins army is surrounded by general urreas superior force in the afternoon sun , and engages in battle at coleto creek march 20 colonel fannin surrenders to general urrea ; his forces are taken prisoner at coleto creek and returned to la bahia at goliad march 27 colonel fannins forces are massacred at goliad march - april santa anna divides his forces into five divisions and chases eastward across texas in what comes to be called the runaway scrape april 20 santa anna corners houston at san jacinto april 21 battle of san jacinto april 22 santa anna captured september 5 sam houston elected president of the republic of texas list of main characters fictional characters : hank macelrae was born in edinburg , scotland in 1803 .
the olive branch of peace might lead to trade .
it has lots of branches all over the philippines slightly cheaper than your american fast food but still good .
the biggest event during this period was the decision to open a branch office of usborne and bonnett in seattle .
` ` a receipt for a safety deposit box in a seattle branch of the bank of america .
they came to a junction where a smaller branch of the main sewer entered .
he was sent to the arkansas state penitentiary in little rocktucker branch , i think .
one is a division chief , and the other is in charge of the branch that funds the black operations of the cia .
had we been in another branch of the service we could have marched proudly onto the battlefield carrying our many flags .
i am doan , daughter of high - eagle and downy - swan of the kintie of otter , the branch of ovid , asking ...
i was born and raised here of otter lineage of the branch of ovid , dawn said quietly , keeping her face away from the guards .
i went to my banks downtown branch and waited in line a full hour because , like the dmv , only one of the four stations was staffed .
being that i ve been warned to stay away from that branch of the family , and being that her ex - husband is apparently a racist , temperamental drug dealer , the answer would have to be a no .
we should call in help from the other branches of the government , chews .
cryptocrystalline quartz is one of two branches of quartz gemstones .
microcrystalline is the other branch which forms the gemstones of amethyst , citrine , and smoky quartz .
he had followed the marks of the combined herd up to the point where they had joined the northern branch of the santa fe trail , and there had lost them .
based on an expensive taste or a big screw - up by the railroad administration the louisville and nashville railroad authority abandoned the branch line leaving completely intact the track siding or rails as layman said .
after his bravery and skill had caught the eye of admiral cole , he was commissioned to a covert branch of the military and given command of a swift corvette .
i ca nt walk into a global bank branch without spending an hour just greeting relatives .
they hired more of lizs family to open up more bank branches .
global bank already had branches on the american east coast , so william sent employees to start their first branch on the west coast .
global bank already had branches on the american east coast , so william sent employees to start their first branch on the west coast .
meanwhile , they loaded down every siberian quad with gold and flew them to san francisco to fund their newest branch .
what william really needed was global bank branches throughout the empire .
genghis flew to the main bank branch to tell the scared crowd that he d refill the bank vaults with money from the capital right after he officiated over the opening of the olympics .
william took the other english to rob the main bank of mongolia branch to make it that much harder for the khan to pay his panicky depositors .
while the english set up more global bank branches , william and liz toured the defenses with the leaders of american university .
william flew to the nearest global bank branch , sent a message to his american raiders , and transferred a ton of gold to american jack in return for an updated list of the locations of imperial guard families .
the mongols took every decent quad to fight americans in siberia , so william , some english employees , and his american sailors robbed bank of mongolia branches .
he based them out of helsinki because that s where he had just opened another bank branch .
i sent our latest super wands to our bank branch in dublin .
sir richard , the king 's first - born , is setting up mass - production factories to make excellent armor like my own , and opening more bank branches overseas .
i ve created several accounts for the new government at global bank , with a gold ton for the new legislature , judicial system , and executive branch .
because a few thousand quads from global bank will arrive soon to claim every mongolia branch for their own .
global bank will loan you whatever you need , but you must protect their branches .
every bank of mongolia branch will become part of global bank , so well store it all there .
his english family followed his growing armada and turned bank of mongolia branches into parts of global bank .
global bank also sent teams to start branches there .
billy sent for enough employees to convert every bank of mongolia branch into global bank centers .
so what branch of service were you in ?
i knew i should turn myself in , so i went to the police hq , in the high street and asked at reception , ` ` special branch , please . ''
here i was , being interrogated by the special branch in their secret headquarters for blowing a major hole in the security arrangements , and this guy was completely sidetracked into occult balderdash which he took quite seriously .
one of the big branches we talked about - one of the main realities that shoots off from the trunk of reality prime - is now under the control of mistress jane .
it 's not one of the major branches , and it 's fragmenting as we speak .
i would n't be surprised if an entirely new reality , perhaps even solid enough to be a main branch , was formed from this .
a branch of the realitants .
i m trying to hold out an olive branch here , but you re not making it very easy .
- lea ryan www.learyan.com other titles by lea ryan what the dead fear babylon dragon destined for darkness devil in the branch lair of the white wyrm like clockwork and a tangled mind bsi : bureau of supernatural investigation ( an enchanted immortals novella ) by c.j .
today we are here because as assistant director , i have received permission to start a new sub branch of the d.o.j .
by the end of this meeting , not only will you have hard proof that we have a great need for this branch , you will feel the swell of pride knowing you are part of making history .
so they did nt tell you we ve started a separate branch of the d.o.j . ?
has started a branch called the bureau of supernatural investigation .
we have an elite branch of the bureau that nobody really knows about .
the justice department has a branch of agents who handle these things .
sent away to a remote town in georgia for training , he d been practically sequestered for the entire fourteen weeks on a large former military base , converted for training of all federal law enforcement , including his special branch .
brody 's vein of the lynch line had very few branches , and those were from many generations back .
the first stop was at a bank branch to put the rose foundation into being .
i will deal with the branch , and i will ensure this house can not be broken into .
the future is a path ; perhaps we can find another branch of this path to follow .
there are more types , but those are the basic ones , and you can become one of the stronger branches from one of those .
two different branches of the family , he explained , though a small smile was tugging at his face .
mikhail from the russian branch and me the bulgarian , through some bizarre marital twists that no one will confirm . ''
fast food chains placed stalls almost everywhere on mars , banks set up martian branches , and a chain of mock - tudor pubs was established .
hardly had the excitement caused by the reading of this dispatch subsided , when others of a similar import came from the lick observatory , in california ; from the branch of the harvard observatory at arequipa , in peru , and from the royal observatory , at potsdam .
` ` there 's a branch of my bank here .
well , that s a different field altogether ; self deceit , a branch of reality manipulation .
from this base , all other branches of magic must descend .
another branch of human , our species , gives them trouble to no end .
` ` the first of these they chose to emphasize was ' that from which ' existent things arise : the branch of science called ontology -- the basic nature of reality .
i ' m a graduate in mathematics , with a specialty in non - euclidean geometry -- that branch of mathematics which relates to n - dimensional coordinates .
they were but now another branch has shown an interest in him .
all of them , to my shame , from branches of the military that i once possessed a great respect for .
they have an occult branch and the person i could contact on short notice is a member of it .
ah , you would be a member of the american occult branch then ?
she 's a member of the maquis and was known to some of our branch before the war began .
not to mention other branches of eltasi , his graces siblings and cousins and such .
he forms special branch of military called oprichniki .
but one of our other branches did , and it ended bloody .
you could move up , join m - squad , move to another branch , work into one of our training positions to teach and guide the metas here at the minneapolis branch because that s the place for me , guiding the next generation .
you could move up , join m - squad , move to another branch , work into one of our training positions to teach and guide the metas here at the minneapolis branch because that s the place for me , guiding the next generation .
m - squad is being dispatched to help some of our agents from the texas branch deal with a severely dangerous meta that s wreaking havoc in western kansas , and our other agents are on assignments , which leaves us with no one to follow up on these incidents .
the transition of the cavalli people from the freedom of a lifestyle of living out on the open plains to one of being forced to become forest dwellers was not an easy one and a group of rebels eventually rose up amongst the different branches of the horse people in the intervening decade .
there are two big slaying families with many unrelated branches that have a life style like this as slayers .
joey is in a branch of the milton family .
smaller branches of the academies were named after their founding families , such as the one scarlett was going to today in melbourne .
were going to be making our way towards the americas , to a branch of the raphael academy , said dyston .
there is an academy situated in each capital city around the world , with smaller branches situated in each major non- capital city run by families .
when his branch of the city bank opened he spent an hour with his banking clerk quickly reading through the messages he had collected when paying elziks small army of watchers .
imorbis moved to the main branch , thinking to take his search further down .
sally had expected she might get promoted to a leadership position somewhere in just cause , but she was completely floored when they asked her to take over the new york branch .
she was barely twenty - four years old and the president of the united states had asked her to lead the most important branch of the most important superhero team in the world .
the ceos of the twenty - five largest corporations in america now had the power to write any legislation they wanted and carried a veto over the other three branches of government .
they even form a group called the hall in america , one that has five branches of super hero teams .
marigold is the leader of the east branch of the hallremember i told you that there s five different branches of the super hero group ?
marigold is the leader of the east branch of the hallremember i told you that there s five different branches of the super hero group ?
at least its not one of the soundproof cells like they have in the south branch .
do you really think the head of a hall branch would fall for a line like that ?
now both the east branch and central branch are out for my headim never going to be able to join .
now both the east branch and central branch are out for my headim never going to be able to join .
er , what s the branch called ?
they re all black bank branches now , sadly .
cruise eyed it warily before he said and our branch is in london city .
three from each town we pass- we ve got the papers back at the branch .
no one liked dealing with enforcers who worked for a higher branch than the police department .
so upon hearing of the destructive branches of edans scheme , corozon had demanded that crystabella tell her of where edan and his fawning parasites were .
maryann watched with interest since this was n't a branch of magic she worked with and she was curious how the two magical traditions would merge but stifled her urge to ask questions .
and centuron had to use blood magic , blood from each branch of magic . ''
the day i had to leave , i remember just locking up the house , dropping the keys off at the bank branch , then pulling into a parking lot with my car packed with whatever i owned , crying so hard .
the daughter of a junior branch of a mere elite house ca nt be writing love letters to a dukes son .
when his father chose the heirs best friend for succession instead apparently a member of a lower branch of the family , the kuru this young man went insane and killed both his father and his friend , taking kingship of the human race for himself , as he d always imagined .
this bitterly divided families , and the situation came to a head when the king of the vuru family had passed over his son as the heir to the human race , for his sons best friend a member of the lower kuru branch .
king eld chose me to rule the human race , although i was of the lower branch of the family who d never had that opportunity .
think of it as a transfer to a different branch of service .
secret evil branches of the us government ought to count as foreign powers , as far as dj was concerned .
he did nt know whether these people were a top - secret government black ops branch or some private organization or organized criminals or even agents from another country .
branches of their family members were chief of villages , towns , and even farms .
the sainos family members of every branch all came to the castle .
i will not allow any of the branches of the sainos family to take the throne .
she used carnomancy , a branch of fire magic , to heal her deep flesh wound .
and if you were especially blessed , you d be born in the top levels , what everyone down here often in bitter tones called the branches .
even though the law stated he could never move further than the second level ; could never become a middling , just as a middling could never become one of the people who live in the top branches , he was content .
only certain people were allowed to carry them , mainly those in the military , but you rarely saw them down in the roots , the armies were all from the upper branches , or golem guards .
i need to go to the branches .
half an hour later and they were all dressed in white , and amalfus had managed to borrow wings from three delivery messengers from the branches , and bribed one into a tutorial on how to use them .
yet it combines the best characteristics of every branch of magic the caverns have to offer the fine dexterity that drives powerful sorcery ; the theoretical structure that governs precision runecraft ; the intuitive scientific understanding demanded by alchemy ; the creativity without which enchantment is redundant ; a class which is , ill freely admit , my favourite , and has strengthened my magical ability , as a whole , a great deal more any single class that i ve ever been taught .
susannah did not have to deal with her rants as she was the at the blood tree anytime she was not at the caverns her father asclepius coffey was having a devil of time arbitrating between the helikan and domremin branches of his fledgling organisation .
` ` blood from each branch of magic . ''
not all prophets fight for the same side , there is no reason to think the guardian branch to be more united . ''
well , dearie , there are many other branches of courtesanry , such as the courtesans of marriage , who strive to make themselves so attractive as to be able to marry a man of great wealth .
maybe we could make a branch temple out here , said zanentadra , wryly .
the next day , karnak arrived at one of the churches on his list : the local branch of the apostles of azirifiel .
i had a budget for my business , and every branch and department of my company had its own budget .
i mean not only this branch , but the entire bank of streling , and other banks , and indeed all financial institutions in kondrastibar , from as far as i have been able to get word .
it was major walters , head of the special branch of the st . louis police department that specialized in dealing with the fey .
if the courts of faerie had n't come with a sizable bribe for several different branches of government , and certain powerful individuals , we might have never made it into this country .
' librarian under the authority of lector annis of the cier'djaal venarium branch , unlimited jurisdiction , all treaties foregone , lethal force authorised and pre - absolved . '
but in all branches of industry - and death is an industry , my young friend , make no mistake about that - one makes one 's money from operating in bulk , from buying in quantity , from centralizing one 's operations .
jackson , the library guy - the same one who had sworn to the truth of the kentucky fried mutant chicken creature story , who had told him the story of the black freight trains that the government uses to haul political prisoners off to secret northern californian concentration camps , moving across the country in the dead of the night - jackson had also told him that the cia used the reader 's digest as a front for their branch offices around the world .
the chickamauga , a branch of the cherokee , lived there when the white men came ; they called the mountain chattotonoogee , which has been translated as the mountain that rises to a point .
most of his working life had been spent in a branch of government that went only by its initials , and whether or not he had left his government job a dozen years ago for employment by the private sector was open to debate : some days he thought one way , some days another .
lof is ultimately and etymologically value , valuation , and so praise , as we say ( itself derived from pretium ) .dom is judgement , assessment , and in one branch just esteem , merited renown .
tavi 's crafting was still sharply limited by his lack of ability to control a manifest fury , but had he been in the academy , he would have earned two or three beads in every single branch of crafting by now .
in the hall of the angel , scrubbed free of blood , the shadowhunters and the four branches of half humans sat down again to sign the papers that would bring peace among us .
unlike most small towns , kilmer had its own branch of social services , independent from the county .
he 'd apparently spent some time in the military , though nobody knew which branch .
` ` so are you going to tell me what branch of the government you work for or should i just guess ? ''
if your father is the kind of man you say he is , you know damn well there are branches of the service where awol is a death sentence . ''
whatever family he had thinks he 's dead -- that 's the requirement for men in that branch of xops . ''
` ` actually , gpandl is considering opening a branch office here , '' he said .
they have even developed a special branch of martial arts based on their experiences , where they shout incomprehensibly at one another and then hit their opponent with a broom .
and every single branch had a low - key , chronic vendetta against every other branch , based on such well - established causes celebres as what their kevin said about our stan at cousin di 's wedding and who got the silver cutlery that auntie em promised our doreen was to have after she died , i 'd like to know , thank you very much , # you do n't mind .
and every single branch had a low - key , chronic vendetta against every other branch , based on such well - established causes celebres as what their kevin said about our stan at cousin di 's wedding and who got the silver cutlery that auntie em promised our doreen was to have after she died , i 'd like to know , thank you very much , # you do n't mind .
whole branches of the ogg family had stopped talking to other branches of the ogg family because of a ' thank you very much ' in the wrong tones and the wrong place , and this was far worse .
whole branches of the ogg family had stopped talking to other branches of the ogg family because of a ' thank you very much ' in the wrong tones and the wrong place , and this was far worse .
for example , once it had been able to afford the largest branch of the assassins ' guild outside ankh - morpork , and its members were so busy that you sometimes had to wait for months .
she was vaguely aware that there were things you had to do to a dead person to turn them into a zombie , although it was a branch of magic she 'd never wanted to investigate .
the highest post that could be held in the quisition was that of deacon , a rule instituted hundreds of years ago to prevent this branch of the church becoming too big for its boots .
and indeed it had been an accident among the potent and magical books of the university library that had as it were bounced the librarian 's genotype down the evolutionary tree and back up a different branch , with the significant difference that now he could hang on to it upside down with his feet .
what kind of man would put a known criminal in charge of a major branch of government ?
' no , because we 'll just make ankh our main branch office and pay our taxes in wherever the place is .
centuries of war had left the drakos branch of the arcadians virtually extinct .
laurence , sorry to have so blundered into an existing quarrel , by way of making peace said , ` ` i hope you will permit me to say , i find the corps as an occupation has been given a character which it does not deserve , being no more dangerous or distasteful , in daily use , than any other branch ; i can at least say from my own experience that our sailors face as much hard duty , and i am sure captain ferris and colonel prayle will attest to the privations of their own respective services . ''
of the primitive modes of the major branches c the hypothetical common indo - european wholly escapes us c we have now no records .
latin and british appear to have been similar to one another , in their phonetic and morphological structure , to a degree unusual between languages sufficiently far separated in history to belong to two different branches of western indo - european language .
the most important branch of these changes is i - mutation or i - affection .
when you start your classes , you 'll learn the vagaries of each branch .
` ` how many branches are there ? ''
it was another one of the moments where i knew my actions would determine a new branch in my life , another road to go down .
the fbi special agent in charge stepped up to the bank of hastily taped - together microphones and made some brief remarks , nothing incriminating for the agency , and introduced lewis by name , adding that he was with ` ` a special branch of the united nations known as the wardens . ''
he manages the memphis branch of the same accounting firm , and his wife 's pregnant again .
now he worked for the memphis branch instead of the nashville branch , but of course the newspapers did n't specify whether the change of locale had included a change of job description , or not .
now he worked for the memphis branch instead of the nashville branch , but of course the newspapers did n't specify whether the change of locale had included a change of job description , or not .
perhaps it was not so strange that there would be less dedicated men among aviators as well as in any other branch of the service , but with the shortage of dragons , it seemed a great pity to see one of them reduced to unhappiness , which could not help but affect the creature 's performance .
` ` union trust 's got a branch in amadora ? ''
among the wise i am the only one that goes in for hobbit - lore : an obscure branch of knowledge , but full of surprises .
silas 's aunt was a renowned white witch and both silas 's father and uncle had been shape - shifters , which was a very specialized branch , and one that silas hoped his boys would avoid , for successful shape - shifters became increasingly unstable as they grew older , sometimes unable to hold their own shape for more than a few minutes at a time .
now they were arriving , each family branch and often each individual with their own lawyer and bodyguards , being careful about whom they deigned to notice , just in case they inadvertently smiled at someone they were currently suing .
your branch has put a mountebank in control of our bank !
` ` maybe ... '' i eyed a clock , unsure how late the local branches stayed open .
he was often annoyed at the difficulty which his colleagues seemed to find in remembering what particular branch of learning he had been elected to pursue .
` ` the warwickshire branch of the family ? ''
branches formed and then names attached to each branch .
branches formed and then names attached to each branch .
but then another branch formed from linda forsythe 's name : laura forsythe .
she also ... she also says that you must marry her nephew in place of her son and tie this kingdom to her through that branch of the family .
as they could only serve in the aerial corps , they had come to dominate this branch of the service until eventually the force became exclusive .
' ah , a distant branch of the name , then ... ' ' nosir !
` ` we 'll only have to go down a couple of branches of the tunnels to reach it . ''
her tone carried an olive branch .
stockman claimed the standoff with the branch davidian cult at waco was a government conspiracy to prove the need for a ban on so called assault weapons .
some wanted a council leading the executive branch rather than a governor .
the structure of government branches was the same for austin as for rio grande and pecos , and as it would be later for west texas .
appendix i rio grande state constitution article i - executive branch 1 .
article ii - legislative branch 1 .
article iii - judicial branch 1 .
appendix ii pecos state constitution article i - executive branch 1 .
appendix iii constitution of the city - state of austin article i - executive branch 1 .
appendix iv west texas state constitution article i - executive branch 1 .
appendix v proposed constitution of the state of adelsverein article i - executive branch 1 .
he was an active zionist and headed the jewish national fund branch in dolhinov .
in charge of belarus is the700 - man b branch .
they went to where the other learned ones were camped and discovered they were a branch of the decangi .
i m dysri , of the cunogwerin , a branch of the brigantes .
i am bryn ap tarbelinus of the tarisllwyth branch of the ordovice .
the tallest of the women responded , i am ciorstan , of the cunogwerin branch of the brigante tribe .
there 's a legend , many thousands of years old , of a great battle joined between two branches of a powerful dynasty in ancient india .
one branch wished to destroy the other .
he knew how much it irritated grimthorpe that his branch of the family had fallen in society as simon 's had risen .
i am just from a very distant branch of the family .
` ` since he did not want the dukedom to revert to another branch of the family if anything were to happen to his son , the duke decided that the solution would be to marry again and have another son of his own . ''
metaphysics : a branch of philosophy that studies the ultimate nature of reality .
as a young girl it had been exciting , but as the veneer wore off , she yearned for a more respectable way of life and got a job working for a branch of freemans letting agents in kensington .
and on november 9th i was asked to convene a dublin branch .
my family came to ireland with cromwell , and my own branch sprang from a younger son and have been ironmongers in dublin ever since .
sked mathan , the idols worshippers were not her branch business , you had told me that now .
born into an old , wealthy equestrian branch of the plebeian octavii family , in 44 bc , augustus was adopted posthumously by his maternal great - uncle gaius julius caesar following caesar 's assassination .
the greeks were conquered by the 3rd century bc by roving oscan tribes from the north , including a branch of the samnites called the lucanians and an offshoot of the lucanians called the bruttii .
there were those in the chicago branch of the clan na gael who thought dillon was an english spy , and his appearance was a most unwelcome development .
the irish leader needed no further proof of his suspicions after he learned that the chicago branch was holding their preliminary meeting in judge mcconnells courtroom .
i always found it strange that the chicago branch stopped holding conventions after 86 , sutton said .
you may not be familiar with the military out here on the frontier , but things are a little less formal and a little less organized than they are back east and in general washingtons branch of the army .
nae lad , robber and i plan on applying for a job at a gunpowder mill located over on the powder branch since we are both experienced gunpowder mill workers .
alex , do you want to take the right branch or the left branch ?
there are a few branches that i have nt been able to tackle , and maybe you can give me some tips using these tools .
wade carefully explained his relations and each of the branches of the hamilton - wilkes kinship as well as the ohara legacy .
banking was of course a government monopoly , and the central bank in alexandria had branches in all the important cities and towns .
brad expected and was not disappointed to find marion branch , aka ' mike ' and ' twig ' branch had already arrived and was in the know of what was happening in the naf naha transportation division , but also the off - base bar scene .
brad expected and was not disappointed to find marion branch , aka ' mike ' and ' twig ' branch had already arrived and was in the know of what was happening in the naf naha transportation division , but also the off - base bar scene .
but the public works officer , our real boss lieutenant commander tole , told the division chief to handle it with non - judicial punishment since branch had only been on the island for less than a week and did n't know where he was .
so you have to sign this card and after lunch we 'll drop it off at the kokusai dori branch .
the west saxons were a branch of anglo saxon .
in that cold , realschule auditorium , mendel , the discoverer of a new branch of biological science , turned the page of his notes , continued his talk in the only way he knew , and vanished from the pages of science history for 30 years .
the tents , warm fire and company of older men miners made the months go by fast and soon the eldoradoville mining district had grown to a bunch of saloons , new hotel , and a new bank branch .
the bank of philadelphia had a branch on nicolet drive , and i knew they could do currency exchange .
` ` and that leaves us with only one more member of the missouri branch of the family , '' charles said at last , his voice tinged with bitterness .
i probably should have left the conversation there , but i asked if the company had a local branch where i might get another car .
each of the three main provinces would have a local branch of the national court , and each province would have substantial representation in the legislature .
after my husband died , i was dependent on his family for support , passed round from branch to branch until i finally found a more permanent place with one of my husband 's aunts .
after my husband died , i was dependent on his family for support , passed round from branch to branch until i finally found a more permanent place with one of my husband 's aunts .
i only wish i could address the saints in the branch here this morning , as i had planned .
i m sure by now , the whole branch has been alerted to my abduction , he thought .
sixteen branches were represented , containing 878 members .
president joseph smith stood and proceeded to select men from the high priests quorum , to go abroad in all the congressional districts of the united states , to preside over the branches of the church .
the subject of sending a company to california was further discussed ; also the propriety of sending to the branches of the church abroad for teams to help the expedition .
the committee shall strictly adhere to the powers and limitations of the presidency as set forth in the constitution , with respect to the other two branches of government and the people .
hosea found a small branch of the church here , and he and his companions attended sunday services with them .
i extended the olive branch .
chapter twenty - eight the next morning found ellie and kevin at the downtown branch of the hennepin county library .
another branch led from lillians name to another name : emma decatur .
in 1978 or 79 an actual device for trans - dimensional travel , the egg ( also called the cocoon or the cucurbit , which means both gourd and alchemical flask ) was developed in deepest secrecy , probably at sohrawardis institute in upstate new york , certainly not at a branch lab supposedly hidden away in the nj pine barrens near the long - vanished village of ongs hat ( see # 13 in this list ) , since no such lab ever existed , nor does it exist now , despite what some fools think .
the dissidents were reduced to the level of the margin and there they found themselves part of yet another branch of the paradigm , the underground of cultural chaos the magicians and of political chaos - extremist anti - authoritarian mutants .
they claim to be an alternative evolutionary branch of homo sapiens through h. javanensis and h. neanderthalensis .
i do n't know or care which branch of the military is manning it since the federal government ordered a severely strict martial law order .
they followed him inside the boston postal branch .
and in reality , each of those eighteen branches is an individual cell , wholly enclosed and self - sufficient .
with full international authorization and a healthy budget , the who created a paramilitary branch of their organization whose main objectives were to contain and eradicate any zombie outbreak in any part of the world .
had i even the secret of one such mind , did i hold the key to the fancy of even one lunatic , i might advance my own branch of science to a pitch compared with which burdon - sanderson 's physiology or ferrier 's brain knowledge would be as nothing .
she informed us that , with the exception of a certain entailed property of lucas 's mother which now , in default of direct issue , went back to a distant branch of the family , the whole estate , real and personal , was left absolutely to artemis holmwood .
she dared even to attend the scholomance , and there was no branch of knowledge of her time that she did not essay .
see if you can find some other branches , i tell the others .
the monsters that had stolen these human bodies seemed to have remarkable scientific knowledge of their own , particularly in chemistry and certain branches of physics -- though electricity and magnetism , and the modem theories of relativity and equivalence , seemed new to them , probably because they came from a world whose natural phenomena are not the same as ours .
i accompanied the whale - fishers on several expeditions to the north sea ; i voluntarily endured cold , famine , thirst , and want of sleep ; i often worked harder than the common sailors during the day and devoted my nights to the study of mathematics , the theory of medicine , and those branches of physical science from which a naval adventurer might derive the greatest practical advantage .
those of her successors in each branch of natural philosophy with whom i was acquainted appeared even to my girl 's apprehensions as tyros engaged in the same pursuit .
in this mood of mind i betook myself to the mathematics and the branches of study appertaining to that science as being built upon secure foundations , and so worthy of my consideration .
she asked me several questions concerning my progress in the different branches of science appertaining to natural philosophy .
chemistry is that branch of natural philosophy in which the greatest improvements have been and may be made ; it is on that account that i have made it my peculiar study ; but at the same time , i have not neglected the other branches of science .
chemistry is that branch of natural philosophy in which the greatest improvements have been and may be made ; it is on that account that i have made it my peculiar study ; but at the same time , i have not neglected the other branches of science .
if your wish is to become really a woman of science and not merely a petty experimentalist , i should advise you to apply to every branch of natural philosophy , including mathematics . '
i revolved these circumstances in my mind and determined thenceforth to apply myself more particularly to those branches of natural philosophy which relate to physiology .
no , mr . drake was offered a promotion which included a transfer to another branch of the company he worked for one the clan just happened to own ?
she just moved to a town called blue winter so her mom , and my aunt could take the job of running a branch of her job .
chapter fifteen cheque day at the branch brubaker looked at the thirty - buck watch his dad gave him a few years ago .
rick had worked for twenty years as a branch manager for a bank in north miami beach .
now we have been being to utrecht for a few days because dad is opening here a branch of his / her chain of shops .
the strength of the braccias in the gibbons is what it holds them distant from the raiders and it is not certain conceives for giving sollazzo to a junior branch of the kind of the records that , after millennia of evolution , you / he / she would have been able to admire its deeds .
she was a werewolf tracker for the northeastern branch of the sullivan foundation , and inspecting bodies like this was her job .
the sullivan foundations northeast branch was housed just outside of chambersburg , pennsylvania , on a plot of land that had once been farmland .
went through the training then at the southern sf branch .
were from the newly formed pack liaison branch of the sullivan foundation .
shed needed a partner when shed been reassigned from the tracker office to the pack liaison branch , and avery had volunteered .
all of which were burned by some branch davidian cult sixty years ago ?
a branch of pnc bank , where lance had accounts that were now worthless , stood beside the road on his right .
he was on the phone the whole day before with branch , she heard that .
i see about ten men behind roadblock that are dressed in camo , must be some branch of the armed forces .
the armyor whatever military branch they arestands with their guns raised .
i smelled something coming out of the right branch of the hallways before me .
ex cia , kgb , nsa , british ss , each branch had been recruited from around the globe to train gambaro elitario , and each of these tutors had filled their pockets with gambaro cash in exchange for the forbidden knowledge of how to be the most effective killing machine .
it was one of those desperate times during any apocalypse that you wished there was still some branch of government left and that the army would swoop in to save the day .
welcome to the local branch of the council of vampires .
vampires like to believe we are a separate branch of evolution .
a radiation freak , a result of some warped branch of the deathwalker virus .
my partner knows some guy that works for a branch of the government that deals with goods seized in drug raids .
a branch , it had to be a branch .
inside was my branch insignia , but i did n't open mine right away , and instead watched the reactions of everyone around me .
we laughed like a pair of hyenas , then joined the others who had been chosen for the aviation branch , and went out to do keggers .
he entered and was greeted by claudette , a close friend and also a former member of a wiccan branch in the city .
for two good reasons , i will not enter deeply into this scientific branch of my confession .
this is a military operation , buddy , overseen by general richard tomlinson and a branch of the army known as deta ... the department of extra - terrestrial affairs !
` ` but not the branch that runs around protecting the president and tracking down counterfeit money .
they spent the next several minutes running through the various contact points in their chain of command before straying outside , first to the other naval vessels , and then to other branches of the armed forces , all to no avail .
as the flames of hell once more approached , the tantradox ascended to a higher branch .
raun had outlined plans to infiltrate even the government with the intention of controlling certain branches of it for his own benefit .
the one i really wanted , the one by the skeptic , trent blacker , was available from another branch but there was a long list of holds for that one .
they think neanderthal man was an entirely different branch , not human , like us , coming from a certain chain of beings , but a different , intelligent , sentient being that coincided with humans for a brief period of time long ago , '' mordechai said .
had todd bowden gone to the local branch office of the screen actors '' guild and hung a notice on the bulletin board ?
because the regulations for the preternatural branch of the federal marshal program had changed .
i d never actually used the grenades , but my friend edward , alias ted forrester , also a federal marshal for the preternatural branch , had said they worked wonders .
they d come even though i was one of the preternatural branch , and not all the marshals liked us very much .
they did n't need to know that i hunted bad little vampires and wereanimals for the preternatural branch of the u.s .
` ` rumor has it that all you preternatural branch marshals are n't team players . ''
if you wanted to go much beyond shaft 12 on the east branch , you 'd need your hiking shoes .
` ` you used to build branch banks for guys like that and then have to fight em when they did n't want to pay the overage , '' angel said .
marshals preternatural branch .
if i 'd been a regular marshal he 'd have been more in charge of me , and edward , but the preternatural branch was rapidly becoming its own entity , which meant marshal raborn was frustrated .
you ' ve got a preternatural branch that is local to your area .
` ` i 'd been told that the only reason you have more executions than anyone else in the preternatural branch is that you 're fucking the monsters , so they talk to you , but maybe that 's not all of it . ''
` ` most of the preternatural branch is male .
they actually have a lower percentage of female marshals than the regular branch .
` ` the preternatural branch of the service is becoming more and more its own unit ; did you know there 's talk of forming a new branch of service altogether ? ''
` ` the preternatural branch of the service is becoming more and more its own unit ; did you know there 's talk of forming a new branch of service altogether ? ''
` ` some of the preternatural branch marshals are just killers with badges . ''
` ` so you think the government is turning a blind eye to what the preternatural branch is becoming . ''
the preternatural branch especially ended up being alone a lot in the field .
one of the nicknames among other cops for the preternatural branch was ` ` lone wolf . ''
the preternatural branch had to test with the hru , hostage rescue unit , which was the marshals ' equivalent of swat .
` ` used to be , you 'd be right , but you got too many marshals in your branch getting their toes stepped on , so they changed it . ''
one of the things i liked about the marshals service was that the normal branch had more women than any other law enforcement unit in the country .
he 'd let his anger take him to a place that his ass might have trouble getting out of , or maybe i just did n't understand the normal branch of the service whose badge i carried .
oh , i did understand the normal branch of the service .
marshal of the preternatural branch to deputize people she believes will aid her in executing her warrant in the most efficient and lifesaving manner possible . ''
` ` there were three branches of the government last i checked , raborn .
we 're the branch that carries out the law as written and given to us .
if the legislative and judicial branches decide at a later date that the law as written needs to be changed , they 'll change it , and then you can come bitch to me about marshal blake 's choice in deputies , but until then , we will uphold the law as written and act within its confines .
` ` for regular cops , yes , but for the preternatural branch of the service , they 're a little more flexible . ''
marshal of the preternatural branch , and thanks to having lycanthropy you 're healed , right ? ''
all the preternatural branch marshals lived with the idea that we could be next .
there was a branch of the nebraska homeowners '' bank , a 76 gas station , a rexall drug , and the national farmstead amp ; hardware supply - which was the only business in town which looked halfway prosperous .
it was set by the derry branch of the maine legion of white decency .
they had been replaced by a branch of the northern national bank .
the derry branch of freese 's was a poor thing compared with the grand downtown department store in bangor , but richie had been far past caring about such things - by then it was a case of any port in a storm .
and a final explosion tore open the mall branch of the derry farmers '' trust like a rotted box of crackers .
sometimes it strikes every member of a family branch , wiping them out .
the key opens a safe deposit box in the portland branch of the casco bank . '
` ` the law does n't give the preternatural branch of the marshal program a right to refuse jobs . ''
i did n't say out loud that a lot of police still treated the preternatural branch of the marshal service as a lesser unit , or maybe an embarrassment .
i thought that the marshal service having a preternatural branch was just some politically expedient way to give a bunch of killers a badge .
there were n't enough marshals in the preternatural branch to trade us around , and i was n't trained to be a normal marshal .
` ` but you are n't the only preternatural branch marshal who 's been attacked on the job .
` ` yeah , but the whole lone - gunman mentality is pretty high in the preternatural branch .
` ` i ' m with the preternatural branch of the marshals service .
we get a lot more leeway in the preternatural branch , but if they think you might turn furry for real on the job , they 'll want you out . ''
marshal anita blake , i am with the preternatural branch , and i am serving on an active warrant of execution . ''
the preternatural branch was almost a law unto itself .
they 'd experimented with having some of us do reports , but the details were so grim , so disturbing , that some suit up the line decided the marshals service was n't sure it wanted the preternatural branch 's exploits immortalized on paper .
it had been built in 1889 by carla 's grandfather , tobias downes , and it had ascended to family heirloom status almost immediately , shifting down through the years , carefully packed and insured for moves from one part of the country to another ( it had originally come into being in the buffalo , new york , workshop of tobias , a place which had undoubtedly been every bit as smoky and nasty as peter 's workshop , although such a comment would have struck carla as completely irrelevant ) , sometimes shifting from one section of the family to another when cancer , heart attack , or accident pinched off some branch of the family tree .
the poker game had been forgotten , utterly forgotten , in a discussion of exactly what this was going to do to the military - not any one branch but the entire military - in the witch - hunt atmosphere of washington 's fourth estate .
and when a regrettable incident occurs which involves any branch of the united states military , we do n't question the roots of that incident but rather how the branches may best be pruned .
the two thousand rioters consisted of first mini - semester summer students , members of a symposium on the future of college journalism , one hundred and twenty attendees of a drama workshop , and two hundred members of the future farmers of america , ohio branch , whose convention happened to coincide with the grassfire spread of the superflu .
i ' m in the skylight room of the bank of america , main branch .
yesterday he had gone to a branch of the new york public library and had rented an hour 's time on one of the grim gray electric ibms in the writing room .
sergeant meggs of the state police , orono branch . '
' frank and a guy named tom harrison took a semester course in rural law enforcement at a branch of the university of colorado in pueblo .
it was the branch of local police that i worked with the most .
i might not be able to join the armed forces , any branch . ''
there was a pleasant flat space here , grassy and soft , overlooking what my dad and i called south branch .
saddiks relatives were divided among a few areas surrounding kingston , two of his aunties and their families lived in kingston , one branch of his family lived in spanish town and his grandparents home ( the main family home and chicken farm ) was in bushy park .
a visit to the central branch of the charleston public library produced , along with a lesson in the mass production of red tape , the fact that one stephen f. abernathy had two books which were seven years overdue .
he opened a drawer and took out a separate , smaller box that contained his memo recorder , his company car keys and the spare keys to all the various branch offices and storage depots for which he was responsible .
although the bridgwater branch was not a large one he always wore a pin striped suit with an impeccable windsor knot in the old school tie and a starched white cotton shirt .
heaven was a branch of hell that took incoming calls only - only the phone was always either engaged or off the hook .
were special branch .
everybody enjoyed the rush so much they created a whole new branch of addicts .
all six branches of bettys are in yorkshire .
until 1976 , there was a branch in leeds ' commercial street but it closed and is now a mobile phone shop .
'' he 's that there nudie branch , he is .
he went into the lending branch just prior to me , obtained a loan , and is now heading off to purchase a large , ownership stake in a new home construction investment .
with such an intimate working relationship between the mayors office and the enforcement branch , it was common practice for a new leader to appoint a new chief .
` ` because , by rights i should be an astms member only there is n't a branch here .
throughout the years , our institution stood proud because our innovative works and this wretched organization only did nothing more but steal from us or destroy our branches whenever we try to expand our resources .
chapter seven clarity opened the window of the grey and cream a8 marathon checker taxi with checkerboard trim , built in kalamazoo , michigan , and stared at the giant sign announcing the name of the ' decadent leisure ' resort owned by cassandra scafarel , ' hexas style resort , eleuthera branch ' .
the funeral was well attended , as one might imagine , and it was there that drade met members of the yorkshire branch of the family , of whom he had heard much , but with whom he had had little to do .
he is the junior representative of the sacred recluse self insurance grouppompeii branch office .
i knight you soldiers of the sacred recluse self insurance grouppompeii branch office .
matter of fact , it was so good that after a few years , i left the new york office with one of my partners , moved down here and opened up a florida branch .
it may be crowded , but to set - off into the unknown in the hope of setting up another branch of the family is a risky business look , said matson , his patience finally derailed , i do nt need any of this .
his attention was currently focused on the plan branch .
fact , he reported to investigation branch he was going to break it off .
the colonel was not big on communicating mission goals ahead of time , being a practitioner of that branch of retrograde employee management philosophy that believed keeping employees in the dark as much as possible left said managers with the largest quotient of control over said employees .
at this juncture of the conversation , which again lewy hoped was private and was not being recorded by someone in back of them holding an iphone towards their seats , lewy realized fully why priss had been assigned to the psychological warfare branch of the guard elite and not the hit squad that actually did the strangling and the poisoning and the throat - slitting .
i stopped off at a branch office of my bank and deposited my check .
another branch ?
your amygdala only works with the information it already has , and based on that information it suspected a branch .
what you need to do is wait for the charges to clear then come into a branch and file a fraud complaint . ''
after all , members of british intelligence are taught to take it as a matter of faith that no one else would or could operate the same way , much less as well as they ; and he was in a special , unacknowledged branch of the service , decidedly elite .
so what if it neatly encapsulated the concept of this branch having both foreign and domestic duties and privileges ?
he told the woman this , and found that she had a strange notion that the salvation army was part of the red cross and that the red cross was a branch of world government .
nw , apt 702 washington , dc 20009 - 1317 dear christopher , like you i am , a drink sodden ex - trotskyist ( glasgow branch of the international marxist group ) popinjay now soaking up the sun in the heart of the imperialist beast !
` ` the local branch of the state college has invited you to help them with a production of prometheus fit to be tied . ''
` ` you re looking for me , i believe , i feel heat below me , these are normal security measures before getting to floor one and a half , this is evans , official butler in residence , i serve the olive branch of the great seal of the united states . ''
the three of us did not directly accuse tom of lying , but we did ask him simple questions regarding the semantics of his saturday night : what branch of the f.b.i . ?
he told me he had a friend he played with a lot in bryant park , behind the main branch of the new york public library , who used all sorts of tricks to try to break his concentration , especially when he was winning .
the new news was that vacancies had arisen in another branch of the company .
its a franchise ; we own this citys branch .
these studies involved such abroad range of disciplines including not only all relevant branches of pure science and engineering but also for example medics , economists , sociologists and lawyers .
i knew that this was a ramsgate restaurant ( although i think they might have opened a second branch somewhere in canterbury as well ) .
the only indication that it was still being used these days as the town hall and local branch of the returned and services league ( rsl ) was the australian flag fluttering next to a memorial dedicated to the three citizens from the town who had fallen in the great war .
` ` he was so embarrassed , he left bucket and trekked all the way back to just ur , where he contributed substantially to our branch of the family . ''
a couple of banks had small branches on the main strip .
mista jack was driving an electric golf cart filled with several ingots of gold and a few combibars of palladium and platinum , towards the back exit of the vault , where a road sign indicated that the office of exporting items , batabano branch , south of the island of cuba , near the coastline , was about seventy miles away .
after a couple of hours driving the golf cart at a speed of thirty miles an hour , he parked the small vehicle in front of the cuban customs office of batabano , a branch he d opened personally in case some unplanned contingency arose .
however , as i said , we must use the past to pinpoint decision branches where eradication , modification , purging or reinforcement can be employed .
secondly , in every branch of psychology , from dealing with paedophiles to education , there is an inbred arrogance , masked as enlightenment , in which they believe they can cure everything .
perhaps start a branch of aa ( alcoholics anonymous ) in rama ?
all police records , cctv pictures , security checks , driving licence applications are held by the home office , mi5 , special branch and , of course , the police .
so whatever the logic behind the decision was , and it was very probable that it was merely the groupthink of a corporate boardroom , somewhere along the line it had been decided that no garbage would be dumped past nightfall anywhere in the vast empire of marmuck 's , inc . an unfortunate side effect of this decision for stores at northern climes like randolph 's was that night fell very early in winter , which meant that at times the garbage would be piled in the back of the store for five hours before the branch was closed down for the day .
` ` so , uncle wayne , what you are telling me is that the federal government is nothing but a bunch of cat turds , no matter which party they belong to or what branch they work for . ''
a movie which the branch of the mahoney clan that emigrated to the oklahoma panhandle , where there was no thick forest to obscure the view of things like sunsets and approaching law enforcement vehicles , claimed the movie was really about oklahoma .
in the mid - twentieth century , the psychiatrist victor frankl created a branch of psychotherapy called logotherapy , which is based on our deep - set need for meaning .
there was a branch of his bank not too far down the street , and joe made his way towards it , trying not to consider the implications of what he was doing in any particular detail as he was sure that the bubble of logic he had created would burst under the slightest bit of scrutiny .
it currently sat as a sub branch of awkwardness , and was displayed facially with a softening of the eyes and a smile through clenched teeth .
brick revealed an olive branch .
zarg questioned the branch .
at first he said , ' do n't join at all , ' meaning no branch of the service , for reasons he would not articulate .
if there were infinite space and reader interest , a novel could be written about the quasi - religious nature of the japanese rail system ; that inductees work sixteen hour days and live in company dormitories at the end of branch lines ; that a discrepancy of a mere five or six minutes can throw chaos into the entire tokyo train system .
for example , if i were to say hey guess what , i heard one branch of the japanese imperial family is really pro - american and one branch is really pro - pre - war japan , and the pre - wars are beating up the pro - americans , then everyone would find that commentary really interesting and want to know more .
for example , if i were to say hey guess what , i heard one branch of the japanese imperial family is really pro - american and one branch is really pro - pre - war japan , and the pre - wars are beating up the pro - americans , then everyone would find that commentary really interesting and want to know more .
having a mormon chaplain and a branch set up for mormon servicemen was a convenient way to maintain growing testimonies .
shamils kingdom all my life i had heard about daghestan , with its lofty mountains , beauty , greatness , immensity , and its fierce mountaineers , most of whom are sufis , a peculiarly esoteric branch of islam .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * well guarded by its two stone lions , the main branch of new york citys public library turns its back upon a french - style garden open to the street and occupying the rest of the block .
the great majority of the audience would be extremely surprised to learn that what it listens to with great pleasure are operatic excerpts , this snobbish and boring branch of show business reserved for wea1thy new - yorkers who , from generation to generation , are wo nt to keep their reserved seats with a plaque to their name at the metropolitan opera , shrine of obsolete music .
they all served in various branches of the military , air force , army , marines , and navyits what we mainly go into .
the document was entitled department of the navy , office of naval records and history , ships ' histories branch stenciled 28 march 1949 , it had been compiled and signed by one howard sigler , officer in charge , journalist , usn .
our branch post office was situated in a section of the city that had once been the home of the relatively well - off white - collar middle class .
no senators on our branch of the tree .
back at the homestead , the ladies of the newly formed branch of the country womens association , led by their president olive sampson , laid out scones and jam and fresh cream .
it is into this mystery that clark has propelled himself with his part - time school year and full - time summer job with the united states geological survey , water resources bureau , quality of water branch .
and i read that the dalai lama , who in lamaism , one of the major branches of buddhism , is the highest being among the reincarnated personalities , an earthly incarnation of highly respected bodhisattva avalokashevara no , not like that , avalokitevara , kostya hardly enunciated .
because of the interpretation of this knowledge in its own way , christianity has never been united and at all times existed as many churches , branches , and sects struggling among themselves .
just look how many new sects , branches , and religions appeared and began to prosper at once .
buildings were nothing more than complex arrangements of branches .
a friend of thomas 's , who was a branch manager of a large commercial bank , had gone out one day to meet prospective clients at a restaurant without telling his secretary or anyone where he could be reached .
` ` unfortunately , your branch has been targeted to close . ''
` ` your branch will be closed in ninety days , after the minimum regulatory posting to the general public .
` ` we would also expect you to assist the branch manager and an officer from the personnel department in informing the other employees regarding the decision to close the branch . ''
` ` we would also expect you to assist the branch manager and an officer from the personnel department in informing the other employees regarding the decision to close the branch . ''
` ` it 's going to be difficult , '' i point out , ` ` to operate the branch properly as people start to bail out .
the next morning , armed with the report signed by gunter , bryony arrived unannounced at the offices of the criminal investigations branch .
when bryony left the criminal investigations branch she had an identikit picture and a date to have lunch in the canteen with the bubbly kenny fetlow .
i was a teller at a corporate bank that had branches all over the u.s .
american - style , charlie 's coffee , of all the possibilities , and all the various branches of this chain ...
high - street branches , shops and currency - exchanges as - laundering domestic clearing - houses for returns , or no - return : this morning ... all won or lost ?
as you all know know , epistemology is a branch of philosophy which is the study of knowledge ; how we perceive , what are the limits of our capacity to perceive and so on .
ontology , another branch of philosophy , is the study of the nature of existence itself .
it turns out ray got promoted at work and will now be the vice president of operations for his branch , resulting in a hefty pay increase and better hours .
those selfish , misguided souls , the book went on to say , who have fallen for the historical buddha myth and today subscribe to the inferior theravada branch ( which the book constantly refers to as hinayana , or the deficient vehicle ) and its pali canon are to be pitied , and if possible stirred to coming to their senses .
and based on that , i must conclude that she has no real idea about the differences between the two branches .
science the path named science acquired its meaning around the year 1340 ce when science meant knowledge , a branch of learning , a skill .
the modern , restricted , sense of the word as a branch of learning based on observation and tested truths , arranged in an orderly system , was first recorded in isaac watts logic ( 1725 ) , and had by then developed from meaning a particular branch of knowledgesuch as logic , grammar , rhetoric , arithmetic , geometry , astronomyas distinguished from art ( which , in many views is yet another path to finding out how things are ) , into wearing its broader , current meaning .
the modern , restricted , sense of the word as a branch of learning based on observation and tested truths , arranged in an orderly system , was first recorded in isaac watts logic ( 1725 ) , and had by then developed from meaning a particular branch of knowledgesuch as logic , grammar , rhetoric , arithmetic , geometry , astronomyas distinguished from art ( which , in many views is yet another path to finding out how things are ) , into wearing its broader , current meaning .
today , an army of her branches scour for and investigate virtually everything that can be observed or detected , and science as a whole has no lesser aim than to shape the way we understand the universe , our planet , ourselves , and other living things .
western philosophy philosophy ( again , from the greek philosophia , love of wisdom ) , is defined as the rational and critical inquiry into basic principles , and is often divided into four main branches : metaphysics , the investigation of ultimate reality ; epistemology , the study of the origins , validity , and limits of knowledge ; ethics , the study of the nature of morality and judgment ; and aesthetics , the study of the nature of beauty in the fine arts .
like socrates , plato regarded ethics as the highest branch of knowledge and stressed the intellectual basis of virtue , identifying virtue with wisdom an almost buddhist conceptleading to the so - called socratic paradox that , as socrates asserts in the protagoras , no wise man does evil voluntarily .
environmental philosophy another branch of philosophy that perhaps would be better served by a natural science approach , is that s been termed environmental philosophy .
again , i ask myself if this branch of study rightly belongs in the field of philosophy , and if it would not be better served by the natural sciences .
as the number of humans proliferated through time , so , it seems , proliferated the branches of philosophy into a network of almost untraceable complexity .
contemporary political philosophy another branch of philosophy that i would probably deem micro , is its political branch .
contemporary political philosophy another branch of philosophy that i would probably deem micro , is its political branch .
entering upon the 21st century , what was once a single search for and pursuit of truth has become a near jungle of offshoots and sub branches , all too specialized for any normal main - in - the - street person to follow and understand .
and when it comes to indian philosophy , compartmentalizing its various branches also facilitates comparison with western philosophy .
epistemology being one of the more active branches of philosophy in the west , epistemology attempts to answer questions involving the nature and limits of knowledge itself .
ethics as covered earlier , another major branch of western philosophy is ethicsthe branch that examines human motivations and actions .
ethics as covered earlier , another major branch of western philosophy is ethicsthe branch that examines human motivations and actions .
the sephardic branch concentrated on philosophy and a systematic legal codification of the teachings , whereas the ashkenazim preferred intensive study of the babylonian talmud .
this view was , naturally , opposed by the rabbinic branch , but this opposition was eventually mitigated in the face of a more serious threat to both groups : the western european age of enlightenment and the move to more modern thinking within judaism .
the rabbinic leaders of this branch of orthodoxy are usually those first looked to as candidates when chief rabbinates are chosen ; and the zionist orthodoxespecially those with a strongly messianic view of the rebirth of jewish statehoodhave often played leading roles in establishing jewish settlements in the west bank territories occupied by israel as a result of the six - day war of 1967 .
today , buddhism is divided into two major branches known to their respective followers as theravadathe way of the elders , and mahayana , the great vehicle .
both branches of buddhism ( mahayana and theravada ) may have participated in this council , which was aimed at creating peace among the various sects , but the theravada buddhists refuse to recognize the authenticity of any branch other than their own .
both branches of buddhism ( mahayana and theravada ) may have participated in this council , which was aimed at creating peace among the various sects , but the theravada buddhists refuse to recognize the authenticity of any branch other than their own .
we thus find that various scriptures have held sway over different branches of mahayana at various periods of history , including : the saddharmapundarika sutra ( lotus of the good law sutra , popularly known as the lotus sutra ) , the vimalakirti sutra , the avatamsaka sutra ( garland sutra ) , and the lankavatara sutra ( the buddhas descent to sri lanka sutra ) , as well as a group of writings known as the prajnaparamita ( perfection of wisdom ) .
it has many branches .
this time he enlisted in the air force ( recently liberated into its own branch of the services - formerly the army air corps ) and in one of those million - to - one incidents that sometimes happen in life , the higher - up matched an enlisted man with his aptitude and set him to studying electronics under men who knew the hardware and the math , and he soaked it in like a dry sponge , studying electrons and radiometry and then their applications in communication and navigational systems , and more , and he passed all of their tests and made up lessons of his own and what he learned he sometimes shared but more often kept to himself , because the first thing any enlisted man ever learns is to never volunteer .
i worked in the bank to ventun years , i directed a branch to trentacinque , to forty i was mayor of this country .
the italian center is in pisa and from there you / they have called me to propose me the experience in one foreign branch of theirs .
in this sense the germans , the german branch of the family of mark , slightly differed .
people in the stands seemed uncomfortable and some decried the lack of separation of the judiciary and the executionary branches , but they did so in hushed banter and in a manner that made it clear they did nt think they knew better , it was just a friendly outraged suggestion twasall .
rumor was that the new agency that was being considered would be a new branch of the military ; the space force .
yes , the ire of the international community was raised when the announcement of the dissolution of nasa and the formation of the new branch of the military was made .
drafting was not necessary in filling this new military branch .
` ` the moriyama family is broken in half : the main family and the branch family .
the main consists of the first - born sons and the branch is for everyone else .
coach moriyamatetsujiheads the branch family and his older brother kengo heads the main .
riko was born second , so tetsuji became his legal guardian and riko became part of the branch family .
i do n't know how much even kevin knows , since he 's attached to riko and the branch family , but kevin knows the main family uses raven games as a cover for big meetings .
for starters , riko and ichirou are n't allowed to associate with each other , seeing how they belong to separate branches .
we hopped a bus heading toward the first colonial bank branch i d passed a million times near downtown .
i just wanted to introduce myself , i m perry belk , the branch manager .
i m sorry , andrew replies , pleasantly , but i believe you ve confused us with a branch of weight watchers .
it turns out to be a mom - and - pop gas station and grocery on the city limits of olive branch .
this situation played out again and again , in tillsburg and countless other small towns , until their populations withered away to a few middle - class professionalsdoctor , insurance agent , branch manager of the out - of - town bankand senior citizens .
jj carlisle , the guy who had seemingly by accident knocked over the bank branch manager and yelled with such fury to the crowd , was not the one whose kick had delivered the dangerous blow .
she had been promoted and picked to help open up a new branch in california .
in chapel they were obliged to divide , but mr . crawford took care not to be divided from the female branch ; and after chapel he continued with them , and joined the family party on the ramparts .
we trusted phil and believed him when he said his new branch of the business was having teething problems that would soon be resolved .
it was a remarkable feat , of course , to be able to corral the spirits of so many , to force them to comply perfectly with the encryptions on paper , in the hopes of creating an aural moment which had been experienced in exactly the same way thousands of times over in other concert halls , in other places , and through the conduits of other vessels : there was a divinity to this flow of meaning through different veins , as though something insubstantial , yet wondrous were rushing through branches and through branches of branches and possibly sub - branches of sub - sub - branches to blossom out in consonance , as though realizing , in full bloom , ones own neglect of a hitherto dormant code which had been hiding always within .
i was not so sanguine about any of the other branches of my protestant faith .
there s another shut up restaurant that must only open at night , and a bank branch with one lonely atm .
within its walls are a thousand red rose bushes which never cease to bloom , and each time a child is born in our lineage , which has spread in many branches through all the countries of the world , a new bud sprouts from the leaves .
such was the knowledge i kept , safe , in my branches .
i used to be an insurance supervisor , going around luzon to check up on our branches .
the writer gave not only his branch and rank but his entire name .
he was talking about the cashier friend of his who worked at a bank branch nearer to home and who was dutifully home by 6 pm everyday , in part due to his acute fear psychosis of adhering to the strict tenements of his wife .
he did not imagine it exactly as flirtation , and his imagination in other branches was rather restricted ; but it evidently kept up a kind of simmering in her mind which might turn out to be disagreeable .
but there had been an obscure branch of the family who called themselves deronda , and when i wanted a name for you , i thought of deronda .
paradise garage was situated near the bus station , in a subterranean shopping arcade sandwiched between a dry cleaners and a branch of w h smiths .
he knew these images well : sylvie was membership secretary for the local cnd branch , and the house was often filled with leaflets and flyers containing these terrible images : the buildings that were wiped out ; the ones that remained standing .
about a week after the adult bookstore fiasco , william was packed off to toronto to represent the southern branch of the family at a distant cousins funeral .
unlike the other branches of christianity orthodoxy has no rigorous confirmation or first baptism instructional program .
no or any receipts for the time that he was supposed to be in the hattayai branch .
dissension amongst the various branches was strong though , as the british army wanted to assault trondheim in central norway while churchill insisted on reclaiming narvik .
all the branches of the military were in need of modernization , and the air force was no exception .
in the space of a few minutes , the three branches of the american government , its top military leaders , and its economic heart had all been destroyed .
but this branch of mathematicsgeometryhas this proof as its basis .
seminarium : one of the three governing branches of vanerrincourt , the other two being the people and the monarchy .
you people seem to be proud of your checks and balances between your legislative , executive and judicial branches .
this process is set to continue for as long as business and government award grants for the many different branches of research pursued by the academy .
i was sent out of town to whip an unruly branch office into shape , gone for the entire week that followed , encountering a preposterous set of business practices .
apparently a branch of the family moved south .
he just changed to the branch in merced . ''
this is the same , only on a larger scale , and i expect that however it was broached when they spoke last month , our branch manager was as embarrassed to be having to tell alex aubrey that the coffers were bare as aubrey was to be told .
he shook his head , he and his father have been such good customers , for as long as i have been at the branch .
we did nt join to hog a desk , we are nt a branch of the civil service .
the security officer from the local branch of the bank of san joaquin reported that the account de la pea had inquired about this morning had been closed yesterday .
lisa wood had worked for years in banking and when the opportunity came to switch to mortgage banking as a branch manager for american mortgage in prescott , she jumped at the chance .
it was fred from local branch .
* * * richard dropped me at teds place , a little diner across the street from the main branch of bison bank in downtown buffalo .
* * * we stopped at a branch of bison bank and cashed my check .
the inspector could sometimes forget that the superintendent had himself been an officer : working through the uniformed and traffic divisions , as opposed to the investigative branch he himself had chosen , yet getting on to his elevated role through sheer effort and earned respect .
nine years , logistics branch .
at the centre of the area was the shops , as the locals could only bring themselves to call it : a large square building , the bottom layer of which were storefronts , and above these two further floors windowless from the front and which displayed instead murals of the sort designed by left - leaning community visionaries in the seventies and eighties here a diverse mix of smiling faces ; beside it a huge tree acting as metaphor for simultaneously the roots of history and the branches of society .
by noon i felt adventurous enough to follow instructions , again by bus , to a larger branch of the same hotel chain .
she could be from one of the other branches around the world , '' said angie .
a sea of uniforms from all branches of the armed forces sat in silence and with some admiration for the speaker as he told of his war experiences and his efforts to pass bills for increased health care and disability benefits for veterans .
the detection of types is one of the most elementary branches of knowledge to the special expert in crime , though i confess that once when i was very young i confused the leeds mercury with the western morning news .
maybe have branches in other cities .
there are no investment banks there , just branches of retail banks , georgina said .
ella paid a visit to each office once or twice a week , more so if she had personal involvement in a deal based out of one particular branch .
aggie told me she drove clear across town to make a bank deposit when she had to pass two closer branches to do it .
so tomorrow i m going to take his picture to the two branches she was nt allowed to go to and see if i can find the missing pieces to this puzzle .
what s interesting is , according to aggie , he insisted she do the banking across town , but somebody made regular deposits and withdrawals in the two branches closest to their home .
i just found one of dannys girlfriends and the reason he would nt let aggie go to this branch of the bank .
and what was going on at the other branch that aggie was not allowed to use .
the second bank branch produced much the same results with one major difference .
colleges and departments developed their own lines of donations while trying to avoid the notice of university relationsthe official fund - raising branch of the university .
he d be assigned to a branch on the west coast , preferably in seattle , so that his progress could be closely monitored by his father .
cranston started an investigation of every branch of the military , but instantly hit road blocks .
it seemed that if there was one thing the military did nt like , it was being investigated by another branch of the government .
each branch listened to his theory and told him they would look into the possibility .
because of her naval intelligence background , she had contacts in each branch of the service that would talk to her discretely .
each branch did an in depth investigation based of cranstons theory , but came up with nothing .
technically , it was part of the branch of health and human services called public health services .
so , dr . gallo was the head of one of many laboratories of one branch of another branch of a third branch of health and human services ... not necessarily one of your top directors .
so , dr . gallo was the head of one of many laboratories of one branch of another branch of a third branch of health and human services ... not necessarily one of your top directors .
so , dr . gallo was the head of one of many laboratories of one branch of another branch of a third branch of health and human services ... not necessarily one of your top directors .
i m not part of that branch of the cdc , mr . baker , and i would not be so presumptuous to speak for them .
he half - expected her to bring out a colt 45 or similar weapon ; he was convinced she must have worked in the police - maybe even special branch if it still existed - or possibly still did .
the different branches were always at war with each other and they all hated the americans - everybody knew that - but he was n't sure of some of the logistical aspects , such as what the retirement age was .
` ` he 's a master acting as a special investigator for the federal branch of the police . ''
again the investigation came to a dead end so the magic branch was called in and that 's when i became involved .
the second phone call was to the banco de mxico branch in sagrado where bridget established an account in maria sanchezs name and deposited , by wire , nine crisp new thousand bills she had recently discovered in a dead ex - marines wallet .
equipment at detective special branch division ( dsbd ) located in a corner of the mi6 building in lambeth , was second to none but when it came to domestic arrangements things took on a nostalgic air .
by 11:40 hours he d put a call through to sophie and now found himself sitting at a cloth - covered table in a busy its so cool we just have to go there bistro a few minutes walk from the branch .
the high heels of her boots click - clacking in time on the pavement until their arrival back at the branch a few minutes later .
on leaving pal , the two men had detoured to loves flat to see to julie before driving back to the branch .
the property and most of the furniture belonged to the branch .
would you rather we take you down to detective special branch division ?
perhaps you d like to come into the branch for an informal chat .
ill see to it when we get back to the branch .
the branch had sent in their team who had written down a complete inventory including carols clothes .
some belonging to the branch .
she and love had flirted with the idea of flirting with each other when shed first come to work for the branch soon after his own arrival .
this was a report from the fire investigation branch of the fire brigade , to the effect that the fire had started suddenly and fiercely with some kind of incendiary agent or accelerant and that a body had been discovered in the ruins .
` ` i was n't able to get into the building until first thing this morning , '' ted johnson from the fire investigation branch was saying .
` ` i ' m a detective at the witchmoor edge branch and i sometimes get jobs i 'd rather not do .
he also asked for someone from the uniformed branch to pick up mrs . musworth and get her to identify kevin 's body .
` ` the fire starting suddenly with a bang or a boom ties in with the fire investigation branch 's belief that it started with a flammable agent and a timing device , '' she remarked .
` ` because i think i understand something that has been puzzling me , '' millicent said obscurely , thinking of the wire from a street lamp the fire investigation branch had found .
i was talking to my bosses recently about opening a branch office for mercer security .
josef left the room and found ds ward at his desk , on the phone , with a fresh coffee in his hand talking to someone from uniform branch .
were going to have two design branches .
in addition to our doll branch , well tackle games .
* meanwhile , the research on drone technology had never broken stride , and had serendipitously been partly funded by the windfall assistance of public clamour for all manner of future products from branches of the same research gps .
kenny tolliver , my heartthrob , the love of my life , was in the process of moving to the hartford area to start a branch office for mercer security .
still , i think this branch of their operation is permanently out of business .
the loving , totally functional household he d grown up in had prepared him for his position as the last branch in the ashton family tree .
i had taken a few continuing education classes at our local branch of kent state university , but the classes were basic office classes for working with documents and spreadsheets .
the calamari had a branch in bologna , italy , who went under the name of spaghetti bolognese and of course , as a sign of unity , they greeted each other with may the source be with you .
he may have gone into a totally different branch of criminal activity , but its still got his signature all over it : bertie never could resist the theatrical touch .
if he was into that sort of thing i would have sent him along to one of the girls that specialises in that particular branch of the business i ve sent enough coppers over the years .
donald taxied the small plane out and the plane lifted off for stoney branch .
it was the boys who suggested they go back to stoney branch for vacation ; they hoped going to stoney branch would heal the wounds and they could go back like they were before , a happy family .
it was the boys who suggested they go back to stoney branch for vacation ; they hoped going to stoney branch would heal the wounds and they could go back like they were before , a happy family .
they crashed about fifty miles from stoney branch .
linda and the boys were taken directly to the hospital in stoney branch and admitted for observation .
robert is santa clara county s & l 's manager for san jose 's regional branch .
cryogenics is a branch of physics concerned with very low temperatures on organisms or materials .
maybe i represent some branch of an organization with a special interest in our mystery man .
most of the sudden deaths were of farmers driving home drunk at the end of market - day and the uniformed branch dealt with them . '
back - handers were a way of life and some of the uniformed branch could be most unpleasant about any delay in receiving their dues .
she had taken an offer last august to teach psychology at a small branch of her alma mater , the university of virginia .
trailed by the two police helicopters , mr . bundy flew swiftly toward black lake , gradually descending until they were cruising over a remote branch of the lake containing only a few boats .
he was employed in some branch of banking or finance , the article said , and he had been channeling other peoples funds into brendas project when he could nt come up with the capital for the ever - increasing renovations out of his own pocket .
he 'd stashed the package in his cubby and spent the rest of the morning opening other boxes , counting items , checking off invoices , typing and filing away records of the items as they arrived : candy bars , kotex , chips , frozen burritos , laundry detergent , anything and everything that filled the shelves of the local branch of the national chain of mom and pop replacement shops .
the great man 's family and name meant much to him , and he saw his lineage trickling away to weaker and lesser branches .
i m grandmere alicias namesake , the woman i admire most in our southern family branch .
there was a slew of representatives from various investigative branches of texas law enforcement here , which meant they had reason to believe this might be a high - profile case .
as she rubbed the soothing ointment over my right hand , she said , rhododendrons are a branch of the oleander family .
` ` we are a meeting point of all of the branches of government intelligence .
he d banked at the branch where jackie worked , and they married within months of their first date .
from what she could tell , this branch of the morris family tended to run to sturdily built amongst their men folk .
well , i went to the courthouse the other day to check our genealogy since no one knew of this branch of the family .
so the directorship of the glenfield branch came open last spring .
he works as a bank teller at a fulton county national bank branch in buckhead where he has been a teller for twelve years .
` ` we are not a branch of '' ` ` do n't interrupt .
the vice - president quickly explained the situation and asked that his queries be referred to their technical branch .
after graduating from sdsu i moved to san diego where i opened a branch office for my fathers import food business which later named blackhawk imports .
the u.k . branch of the cryptozoology chatroom , which had been established originally on a hotmail messenger link , had always held a special affection for him though .
there s a branch of my bank over there .
were from special branch .
i sit at the dining table and study my bounty : a thousand pounds in twenty pound notes , a mobile phone and charger , a notepad and pen and eight photos of two men wanted by special branch .
maybe this man was himself an agent of special branch and the photo shows him in civvy street .
i have been in the employ of special branch for less than fifteen minutes and already i am becoming paranoid .
they paid me a grand and however i , the woman and special branch play out , i m keeping it .
i was watching the woman yes , a request from two men claiming to be from special branch .
they tell me they re from special branch .
and i believe , as your agency is part of the executive branch , he is your boss too .
it is not the job of the executive branch to interfere with the judicial wing of the government .
i would never request interference , mr . president , but i also know that the executive branch , through the justice department , holds sway over the bringing of federal lawsuits .
i was led to believe that my dealings with mr . finch had the knowledge and approval of the executive branch .
it is on authority of the executive branch of the united states government that i return ... . archie pulled the revolver from his holster and pointed it at him .
or perhaps your family are from the london branch ... ? '
no one knew bad existed , except the u.s . executive branch , and no one there would admit such .
he ca n't send an alert through channels to other government security branches of the possible strike with nothing to hand them as hard intelligence .
` ` i ' m with a branch of law enforcement you ' ve never heard of and i ca n't disclose .
according to his mother , who was now sixty - eight and in good health with a fine memory , her branch of the rinds family lived near the rest of them , and at one time made up a sizable community .
lock - horne investments had a london branch on curzon street .
` ` dr . grey kept a post office box in the main branch of the los angeles post office .
i was just trying to gather information for a branch of the government that has every right to know what was going on in here .
` ` on the day he died , '' she continued slowly , ` ` bruce sent himself a package to his post office box at the main branch of los angeles ' post office . ''
tanya , a student at the nearby montrose branch of the university of arkansas , might get out of her first class at 9:00 .
the university of arkansas had a large campus at montrose , though some of the shakespeare kids preferred the biggest establishment in fayetteville , or the little rock branch .
daisy and dawn bickel were twin sisters who worked at junior management level , daisy at the local branch of a big chain of clothing stores and dawn at goodnight mattress manufacturing .
we ' ve been looking into ways to transfer all our employees and their positions to other branches , but- '' he clicked his tongue , leaving the rest open to interpretation .
we finally traced this key down to their branch at 1772 broadway in the city .
there is still a branch of the family over there .
but the editor in chief of the courier is gunnar karlman , ingrid 's son , who 's part of the johan vanger branch of the family .
he recognised henrik , harald , greger , and several of the male in - laws in johan vanger 's branch of the family .
she passed the time reading the thrilling magazine selection , which consisted of various issues of the third branch , the newsletter of federal courts , and the american bar association journal .
loren looked down and spotted the issue of the third branch .
baklanov was mentioned as the leading candidate , but relatives from two other branches of the romanov family were vigorously arguing a closer blood connection with nicholas ii .
payback came through legislation that cut the judge 's pay , reduced the size of his staff , and ended the court 's independent status by having it folded into another branch of the judiciary .
like a politician , connolly had certain ` ` talking '' points he seemed to want to get across each time he was interviewed : that he 'd never done anything wrong in handling bulger and flemmi ; that the crime bosses were merely a ` ` gang of two '' who helped the fbi take out the boston branch of an international criminal organization ; that bulger and flemmi did have permission from the fbi to commit certain crimes - gambling and loan - sharking - while gathering intelligence ; that john morris was ` ` an evil guy '' ; and that prosecutors wyshak , kelly , and herbert had no business indicting the fbi 's informants back in 1995 .
dee is gone longer than normal on tuesday ; i know she is in the middle of some issues with her branch back in north carolina .
` ` what 's going on up at the other branch ?
from my understanding , she has the other branch of her insurance company so fine - tuned that she could disappear for a year and it will be fine .
his father 's father opened up the local branch , and the rest was , as they say , history .
chelcie , my personal assistant , calls and tells me that she needs me to go up to the north carolina branch .
the first order of business is to start cleaning shop with the north carolina branch .
since selling the north carolina branch , i ' ve had a lot of my time freed up .
anton is managing a new call center branch here in town , and as the lowly second - born , my job is to stay out of the way and pretend to look busy . ''
local branch campus . ''
loads of my friends got their associate 's degrees at the branch campus and picked up decent jobs doing that .
i 'll run the long island branch of le femme .
all i have to do is finish the internship , graduate , and it 's onto the lowest branch of the newspaper totem pole . ''
it 's a film institute with a branch here in macon .
after i calmed sophia down and told her that i could eventually deposit connor malloy 's check , once our new life was underway and i got some help from gus , we headed off to the nearest bank branch that camden mcqueen belonged to .
except when i was growing up , my branch of the family was n't all that wealthy .
my mother , her royal highness sybilla - louise , married my father because his branch of the family had an acceptable title and enough wealth to keep the family estates afloat .
what others thought of as their first two years of college had taken her four , going to classes part - time at the local branch of a smaller state university and then finally transferring to the school where she and laura had met .
we do n't exactly have in - depth genealogists running around in my branch of the family tree . ''
she 'd tired quickly of that scene and had hidden in books , her nose in a tome at the local library and later the university branch campus 's meager stacks , hoping to read her way to a better life .
community college and branch campus tuitions were low , but not that low .
clearly i was going to be the bigger person here and extend the olive branch .
every branch of the media also ended that same story with a blurb that his reps neither confirm nor deny the pregnancy rumors .
` ` because of my new promotion , i have to go to india to help start the new office branch over there . ''
got some degree , do n't know what , works one county over at the flagship branch of that county 's bank .
and i knew that buddy had gone from loan manager to branch manager and now he was vice president of the four branches of the bank that were in the next county .
and i knew that buddy had gone from loan manager to branch manager and now he was vice president of the four branches of the bank that were in the next county .
learning from what i lost with shy , i did n't delay and extended the olive branch .
` ` hop , no offense and you know i do n't share these sentiments , but my father 's the president of a bank that has forty branches .
he 's supposed to be openin ' a branch of his business over here , which he 's kinda done but he 's also definitely on ... '' arlene lifted her hands and made quotation marks with her fingers , ` ` ' vacation ' . ''
was n't putting her house on the market and moving the main branch of her business to napa enough for one day ?
` ` it took over a year until every branch of the organization was closed down .
we have twenty branches all over the state , and we 're giving a discount today .
` ` i 'd always loved the water , so i figured the navy would be the most fun of all the military branches . ''
` ` only the branch manager can access it . ''
at the counter , black hair was forcing the manager to dial the branch manager 's home phone number .
` ` i guess the branch manager is too cheap to invest in call waiting , '' blondie murmured .
` ` his architecture firm opened an east coast branch last year and he decided to move out there , but he did n't want to sell this place , so i ' m subletting it . ''
he owns an architecture firm in chicago , but he wanted to open a second branch on the west coast .
especially now that she was in the running to take gillian 's place once the boss opened up the anaheim branch next spring .
y'know , extend the olive branch or whatnot . ''
danny had insisted on paying a small percentage of the down payment using a portion of his savings , which the bank had returned to him after an outraged mia had stormed the branch manager 's office and demanded he fix his employee 's irresponsible mistake .
` ` which branch of the government ? ''
some other branch of their company running a quarry on the side of town had followed this up with some illegal dumping of their own that virtually guaranteed no crops would grow for fifty years .
why i could nt just do this at my branch was beyond me .
jonathon , a branch manager from a different location , was already pouring himself a cup of coffee from the industrial size coffee maker .
its the job , they re closing the london branch and were all moving to edinburgh , those that want to go of course .
the firms home branch was located in one of the busiest cities in japan .
there were even branches of the business in the us run by his son , her biological brother dante .
besides , whitman 's will be opening a branch in dallas soon .
whitman 's has finalized their plans to open a branch in dallas .
my supervisor told me that if i could wait until the fall , they would transfer me to the dallas branch as soon as it opened . ''
he s opening a new branch .
the discovery of the world of genealogy finally generated several trips to find new branches on the family tree .
are you planning on staying at this branch for a while , then ?
it is the branch of medicine that deals with childbirth .
magic is just another branch of science , sally said .
she obviously also worked for the company , in one of the smaller branches .
she s the top salesman in the l.a . branch and number one pain in the ass in the whole company .
i m the top salesman in all the branches .
they want to meet mackenzie wyatt , best salesman in all the branches .
i was practically a child at the kapelmann homestead , both the american and german branches .
it would alert governmental branches of authority to the irregularities of your construct .
i have very incriminating audiovisual feed that , if placed into the correct government branch of law enforcement , could end dr . franklin terzini .
majoring in business , he interviewed for and was hired as an assistant to the purchasing agent in the local branch of a major manufacturing company .
it had become apparent to some companies that having a holiday party in a controlled environment away from the office would generate the desired familiarity between managers from different branches , but would avoid the pitfalls so often seen where familiarity and alcohol generated unacceptable behavior .
~~~~ the following day , detective chief inspector steven quinnborne of metropolitan polices murder division and frank browningpoint man for the british special branch terrorism response teamstood on either side of a pasty - faced young computer operator in the london transport control center .
frank browning had been quinns partner in the mets murder division before his recent move to special branch .
this is a special branch investigation , frank said and handed mike his card .
and as you say , the passing from our branch is most likely inevitable anyway .
tis this branch of the clan with the wealthfor all the good it does us .
sale of the air space above properties was the hot new branch of real estate business and he found the chat with them very interesting ; after all , one never knew when one might fancy a change of career .
technically , my job was similar , but without little kids and she did nt have the clearance to know the branch of government that employed me .
how he envisioned managing portfolios of all sizes , and how he would have four or five branch offices open within two years .
i do nt know that any faie could help , but being of the cat branch of the family , my powers would be very limited , frannie put in her two cents .
` ` so your branch of the family tree got the wolf genes ? ''
i met a unique recently , a man who can change into a cheetah , who has served with a branch of the united states military going back to the revolutionary war .
so we ve never met that branch of the family .
no branch , no power , nothing .
or perhaps your family are from the london branch ...
my other brothers have served in various branches .
i 'd been traveling for the better part of the last two months in search of office space for the ryan media group branch we were setting up in new york .
she was one of my best friends , and bennett had offered her the director of finance position in the new branch but she 'd turned him down , not wanting to leave her family and the life she had in chicago .
i know some of the older records are lost , or just buried deeper than we ' ve dug , but i do n't see how we 'd both have missed branches with my surname .
but what applies to us , to this , is the branch that came over here .
she cringed at the prospect of making small talk with tammie lee , and feared that paul was about to announce he 'd accepted a transfer to the new orleans branch so tammie lee could be close to her family .
so far , she 'd joined a readers ' group that met once a month at a branch of the seattle public library , and had volunteered to fold church newsletters .
with doug 's death , this branch of the leary family had died out .
she looked wistfully at an opening for a librarian - master 's degree required - but then spotted one for deschutes public library for a supervisor in a branch library that did n't require the degree but was essentially the same work .
instead , because it felt safer , she drove to the nearest branch of her bank - she did n't like paying user fees , either , so she preferred using the bank 's - and pulled up to the atm .
all afternoon , she 'd had difficulty concentrating on loan applications and staff meetings - she was the manager of the cedar cove branch of first national bank and had plenty of responsibilities to occupy her .
now she was the youngest branch manager in cedar cove history , and one of the bank 's youngest senior employees .
linc planned to open a branch of the family business , wyse men auto and body shop - formerly three wyse men - in cedar cove .
the second was moving to cedar cove and starting a branch of the auto body and repair business their father had established more than forty years earlier .
she 'd graduated from high school , finished college and found employment at first national bank , then risen to branch manager .
` ` we have n't got a monarchy- '' ` ` you ' ve got a branch of government that deals with nephilim , never fear , '' said will , crossing the floor to the altar .
` ` it used to be the department of war , but now there 's a branch of the department of justice- '' he was cut off as the altar moved sideways with a groan , revealing a dark , empty hole behind it .
` ` we have a branch specifically created to deal with those issues , '' mandenauer said .
` ` there are branches all across the state , '' carrie told him .
we 're in the kansas city district , but there 's a branch in denver , which is a bit closer to us here .
and use a different branch for the next week or so . ''
you ' ve been taking a chance going to the night deposit at the same branch every night , and you know it .
i went to england for several months , setting up the european branch of the company .
i am ms . ginger fisher , from the norcal branch of the family tree .
if you want to trace every branch of your family tree , i 'll help .
she 'd tried to get aidan to name an actual branch of the military and country affiliation , but he was tight - lipped .
` ` who the hell can keep up with all the branches of the military you people wimped out of . ''
she could probably name branch , serial number and rank for every single one of the kgi members .
the juger - suchers were a secret branch of the government .
even if the san francisco branch succeeds and i decide to keep it , i 'll have this baby and then i 'll hire a manager and move back to l.a . we agreed to divorce after the baby 's first year . ''
for sanity 's sake , housing cgc here would have to be a temporary solution , and if this branch succeeded she would find an alternative property as soon as she had an idea of her income and budget .
starting up a new branch would be a lot of work , but she had experience under her belt now .
` ` i ' m trying to open a branch of my catering business here in san francisco , and i have a lot of running around to do while i set up . ''
i ' m opening a branch of my graphic - design business here , too .
you 'll have your new branch open in no time .
i need to check on tamara and lease a new van for the san francisco branch . ''
` ` what about the san francisco branch ?
they had a lot in common , both being transplants and opening new branches of existing businesses , and she hoped they 'd be sounding boards for each other .
meanwhile she has launched a branch of her catering business in l.a . out of his pacific heights basement .
` ` i ' m always looking for entry level people and we have a branch in boston .
men of means did not become army surgeons , and while longstreet 's cousin was evidently able to place twenty - thousand - pound wagers , grey noted , the doctor 's branch of the family must be significantly less wealthy .
i know control of the branches of the company was split a few years ago between the three sons , but i assumed guthrie still pulled all the strings . ''
` ` what branch of the military was your sister in ? ''
intermingled with the formal black , gray and midnight - blue tuxedos of the civilians were the gorgeous dress uniforms of the various branches of the military .
he 'd worked endless hours and sweat blood to get the family empire of la dolce maggie , the u.s . branch of italian - based la dolce famiglia , off the ground , and damned if he 'd step aside nicely .
managing her small amount of money was stressful enough without being reminded of the sexual acrobatics of the bank president every time she walked into her local branch .
linda , she knew , worked with jack 's firm at their branch office in greensboro .
rowdy might be willing to start a branch of the company on the west coast , and i think he might be persuaded to pick oregon - especially if a hard - working executive chose to live there . ''
i think i can talk him into letting me open a branch of the company in oregon .
you 'll never manage the next branch on your family tree unless you show a bit more industry than that . ''
while frank had numerous relatives and connections , i thought i knew all the british branch of the family .
` ` we were trained to defend ourselves , to defend someone else , and received al the training each branch of military receives , including tactical , structure penetration , reconnaissance and patrol ing , hand to hand combat , demolitions , weapons , field medicine ... you get the idea . ''
after seeing the deliberate smooth features of my face , he continued , ` ` you can imagine how many elite branches of government and private sectors are fal ing over themselves for her , counting down the days until her eighteenth birthday . ''
` ` every branch of the military wants me on a special ops team , and god sticks me with the most boring taleh in the history of mankind . ''
his branch of the family has n't had much to do with mine since ... well , you know . ''
plus , both of adrian 's grandmothers came from branches of the dragomir family .
the men in the various branches were asked to be tested for psychic ability .
from what i understand law enforcement branches did the same .
` ` the men were drawn from all branches of the service .
this failed branch of sensor evolution fell away from the tree entirely in the 1960s when modern rune miniaturization magic made it possible to create sensors that could be carried in a trouser pocket .
still , she had gone to the main branch of the library .
until now , she had used only the one located at her local bank branch , but she knew she had seen others .
` ` every branch of your bank will have an atm .
finally she reached the branch bank , with the lovely atm on the front of it , all lit up and watched over by the security camera .
her branch of the tarus family 's been deep inside this group for centuries .
there had been other branches but they had all ended in one fashion or another .
' i ' m reorganising every regional branch of the company , going through records and files , interviewing staff .
just adding another branch of washington and associates . ''
` ` in the rush to have a store convenient to every consumer , most franchises allow branches to open up too close together , thereby sabotaging their revenue base and dooming themselves to fail .
` ` southern designs is opening another branch upstate in columbia .
i ' m taking over a branch of the landis foundation . ''
` ` so why did you choose to go into the same branch of the service , even the same aircraft he flew ? ''
mary branch stood by the table with a grin on her lined face .
jamie had handled the loan application for them , but when they 'd moved , they 'd switched their account to a branch closer to where they lived .
what branch of the military are you with ?
` ` so all of you served in different branches of the military ? ''
he knew every helicopter flown by the military whether it was the army or another branch of the service .
` ` all these different departments and military branches coordinating just is n't normal .
important enough to cut through red tape and coordinate two , maybe three , separate agencies , as well as pulling in people from different branches of the service and from the private sector .
he pulled her to the side to let another customer enter the branch and tried to rein his impatience .
` ` it 's likely going to take more than one person to protect her , and if someone in a secret branch of the military wants her , then you bet your ass they can reach you down in south america . ''
` ` did you overhear him give his name or rank or branch of service ? ''
they 're pretty influential there , and i think a branch of the pack is now in seattle , too . ''
` ` give me all of them , '' meredith answered , making note of each branch 's phone number .
the day after i came out of the hospital last week , amanda and josh had gone to a different branch of the credit union and posed as a married heterosexual couple .
` ` if it 's any consolation , the early reports are coming in from the credit unions and there is clear discrimination going on in at least two branches .
why not take that money you dropped into my company and start a branch out here ? ''
she 'd hired a full - time manager for her new york offices and had started the ball rolling for opening a san francisco branch .
` ` not all branches of the cia are squeaky clean .
we do n't know how the money is disappearing , or from what branch of the business , or who might be doing the stealing .
though the wentworths were not titled , they descended from a younger branch of the dukes of pelham and had intermarried with many other aristocratic families over the years - save , of course , for the despised granvilles .
simon had very successfully launched a line of computer games that were still a sensation , while simon 's business partner and brother , sam , had started a branch of the company that specialized in investments and venture capitalism , the same thing that evan had done to turn his multimillionaire status into a billionaire title .