i want every single branch that i own to run efficiently .
if this was his way of extending an olive branch , then i would gladly take it .
this was his way of offering me an olive branch , and as much as i wanted to hate the man , i knew that his short vacation here would open sienna up .
she found his statement rather philosophical for a muscle - bound biker and decided to extend the olive branch .
so he 's running the european branch and it 's on me to keep the u.s . side running . ''
on either side of the foyer , twin branches of a great , curving staircase swept upward to the next two floors , and a great domed skylight bathed the area in mellow sunlight from high above .
the world was already coming back into focus for victoria as he started up the right - hand branch of the broad marble staircase .
the corners of his eyes tilted upward , indicating his family tree also included an asian branch .
this curved position of your body denotes the natural arc of branches . ''
after what felt like leagues , the trail forked , the two branches heading in opposite directions .
` ` i can extend an olive branch , '' lanthe said , ` ` letting her know that skye hall is under new management , and that fifty percent of the royals here are sorceri .
as if offering a poisoned olive branch , they allowed me the chance to lock him up until i felt the need to release him .
this time , the rage grew like a tree , sprouting branches , budding leaves , until he could n't see past the thickness of the foliage .
` ` they were located on the same branch as before .
he watched her , waiting , and knew the exact moment the vow took root and grew branches through her spirit , soul , and body - branches that would force her to do what she 'd promised , or suffer terribly .
he watched her , waiting , and knew the exact moment the vow took root and grew branches through her spirit , soul , and body - branches that would force her to do what she 'd promised , or suffer terribly .
gage produces a soda that i keep as a part of my stash and extends it to me like an olive branch .
gage and i have extended the olive branch .
the main corridor branches off in many directions .
realizing what i 'd done - and what it would have meant in her wolf 's eyes - i offered up an olive branch .
finally , after i 'd sobbed so much that my eyes were on fire , branch got up and started to leave .
after seeing the movie , branch and i headed back to the house .
i followed branch into the family room and plopped down on the couch .
i sat up , leaving branch to sleep .
` ` is this about me and branch ? ''
i pulled away from him , shook branch to wake him up , and we walked out of the room , leaving him there alone .
after all , branch and i were getting ready to leave him and start our adult life together .
it was basketball , and i knew how long those things lasted , so i sat down next to branch and closed my eyes .
i assumed they 'd been talking about things before i came into the room , because branch did n't seem shocked when brooks made his announcement .
as for me and branch , we 'd be attending school at salisbury state university in maryland .
` ` i want you to think about being without branch for a few months .
i hear you and branch are doing well from mom 's letters .
chapter 6 may 2010 i 'd been engaged for a little over five months , and in that time , i 'd been planning the perfect wedding for branch and me .
no matter what my feelings about brooks were , they could n't take away everything branch and i had built .
` ` kat , branch found the letter .
` ` do n't even go there with me , branch .
once branch knew that i 'd committed my life to him , he 'd be able to settle down and let brooks back into our life .
it had been so long , and even though i knew branch was going to be mad , i wanted to at least say hello .
i already saw branch , and i met that fine ass brother - in - law to be .
he smiled when he saw me approaching , but i quickly turned my attention to branch .
i looked back at branch , who was watching me leave .
i knew it was n't healthy for me to be so upset about brooks , and after branch 's rude statements i could n't even think about him without cringing .
i called branch looking for you and he cussed me out .
hearing her stating that branch , who 'd always loved me , was with her , made me cringe .
i still thought about melissa and branch .
as branch found his sport friends and walked away , i stood around waiting for brooks .
i knew we had to face branch and even melissa .
from what i could tell , he was practically dying to let branch meet brooklyn .
that 's when i looked at branch for the first time .
his name is branch .
i could n't tell branch that we were running from my abusive ex .
melissa and branch turned all of their attention to b while i helped out in the kitchen .
melissa and branch were poolside , discussing some wedding plans with walt about the hall they wanted to hold the reception in .
` ` before i left for boot camp , i asked branch if he planned on marrying you someday .
for example , these branches on nagrad 's standard .
` ` i would ' ve done whatever was best for the branch .
initiations were usually family affairs , but gabe knew when to extend the olive branch .
there 's a northwest branch of the ngo in tacoma . ''
it seemed his big brother had no problem extending his own olive branch , but he was a hell of a lot more protective when it came to someone he loved .
those pathways do n't remain static , they grow in strength and branch out .
an olive branch , so to speak , a very tenuous olive branch .
an olive branch , so to speak , a very tenuous olive branch .
two branches at the end .
the tree did n't have nearly as many branches as the one at home .
` ` the tunnels branch once more here .
there was the deep branch of the ulnar nerve , a delicate thread of white myelin , with its tiny branches spreading into invisibility , deep in the tissues .
glad as i was to see jenny - and gladder still to see her extend an olive branch in my direction - i really wanted to go up to my room , close the door , and lean against the wall with my eyes shut tight , reliving the seconds after he 'd entered the room , when he 'd taken me in his arms and pressed me to the wall , kissing me , the simple , solid , warm fact of his presence so overwhelming that i might have collapsed onto the floor without that wall 's support .
not living as you or i , perhaps , but as a viral and inevitable intelligence , spreading through my mind , sending spidery tendrils to root and branch between the folds of my brain .
and there had been no branches in the corridor till now .
the conduit branched endlessly , and though there were fewer branches between galaxies , the price for a wrong turn was even steeper .
intergalactic space was so vast , but there were fewer branches in the conduit out here .
they followed a small , slower branch of the underground river and popped out of a lake like a couple of muskrats .
mann offered the olive branch and helen accepted it with a smile .
before him , he saw thick tubes , conduits and dense wires that split into branches which split into branches and so on back to the far wall .
before him , he saw thick tubes , conduits and dense wires that split into branches which split into branches and so on back to the far wall .
they might look at us coming down there as a noble act , like were bravely extending them the olive branch .
its actually a simple loop , with so many branches and iterations it will seem like individuality .
we kept to the main tunnel until we came to a branch on the right where we could hear machinery .
it looked like a moss covered log with grass growing from its back , but it had odd looking branches .
lainie led me in the direction of the pandora caf , a branch off from the pandora boutique .
that mesa branch is n't important . ''
constriction in a neighboring branch , say due to calcified build - up , would cause an increase in pressure through the unconstricted branch adjacent to it .
constriction in a neighboring branch , say due to calcified build - up , would cause an increase in pressure through the unconstricted branch adjacent to it .
then , as blood pressure went up over time to overcome the lack of blood flowing through the constricted branches , weak points in unobstructed branches became distended , thus aneurisms .
then , as blood pressure went up over time to overcome the lack of blood flowing through the constricted branches , weak points in unobstructed branches became distended , thus aneurisms .
it has a strong red giant branch , and red clump populations .
it has a strong red giant branch and red clump populations .
so structures and tree branches that might obstruct the publics view had to be removed .
a number of guard members surround the statue area , where multiple garden paths full of goblin folk branch out .
honour and his sister branch off first , joined quickly by dalmar and hele , and then the rest of our band just sort of ambles after them .
to its left and right were two branches half as large as the ship itself , which jutted out and forward , giving the ship a three - pronged head .
the road branches north , along with the tracks .
in a few hours , a narrow dirt - road branches north .
the root of the thing rises from a silver plate and branches into four parts , which then branch into four more , and so on , until the branches are microscopic and number in the billions or trillions .
the root of the thing rises from a silver plate and branches into four parts , which then branch into four more , and so on , until the branches are microscopic and number in the billions or trillions .
the branch they stood upon fused with a branch of similar size that descended in similar fashion from the northwest .
a massive network of capillary stems fused the two branches that spliced east and west from the boughs end to form the u - shaped teuton valley .
they rolled past an old station and onto the yea branch line .
their railcar was parked somewhere back down the line and they made both the railcar and a branch line invisible !
the rails on that branch were lifted .
from the main line to kardiff , they will take the branch line to the black tower through the endless tunnel .
as she descended into the tunnel it split into several branches but the invisible presence that guided her directed her every move and deeper in to the maze she sank .
the cabin of the miniature train moved off almost noiselessly , and , rapidly gaining speed , rushed its passengers through a labyrinth of tunnels with many branches .
he stomped his black boot down on her branches .
` ` his decisions can bow its branches too far . ''
soon , they were enmeshed in millions of divergent branches of light .
she saw a smaller subset of futures branch off from the unknown argument , and in those cillian came charging into baldurs workroom .
we will be approaching a branch in the artery soon and i am going to move over to one side . ''
and if we get to my destination , will you be able to tell more accurately whether we are at a crossroads where several branches of the network meet or , if not , in what direction and how far such a crossroads might be ? ''
we took this branch and that one , and then it 's a matter of counting the capillaries as they branch off on the right .
the axon was beginning to break off into branches , into dendrites like those at the other end of the neuron , at the end where the nucleated cell body was .
there seemed to be less traffic on the left - hand tunnel branch , and so he went that way .
the branch points , however , increase exponentially with time .
one of the most controversial and troublesome branches of that tree is the one usually labeled ` ` neanderthal man . ''
from these branches , even smaller pipes branched off in turn , and smaller ones still .
concealed rooms branch off from the main bunker , offering an illusion of privacy .
the olive branch between us wo n't bear the weight of a lie .
i told him to go , and he 'll respect my need to cool down until i offer an olive branch .
the highstorm 's rains from the night before meant that most plants were still open , rockbuds spewing out vines , flowering branzahs reaching clawlike branches out of crevices toward the sky .
at every intersection or branch , kaladin made a white mark on the wall with a piece of chalk .
i looked up at corporal branch .
then corporal branch gave a salute and squeezed into the line of soldiers that ringed the walls .
he flicked his finger at corporal branch : go with her .
branch is kia , repeat branch is kia . ''
branch is kia , repeat branch is kia . ''
then i remembered branch stepping toward crisco .
` ` when i travel the kelpway , and take my father 's branch , i see you as he saw you himself .
when they 'd first showed me that the v was not a v but a y - two branches forking off from another tunnel , the tunnel - i 'd felt pretty stupid .
apparently he wanted a very large tree with relatively low branches ; none suited him .
the tunnels had several branches , and the life he sensed was straight ahead .
the tunnel went on straight for a time without branches .
the sewer divided into two branches .
the tunnel died shortly after , and they retreated towards the entry , to take another branch ; before they could go down this , footsteps came towards them running .
in these caverns , evolution has taken an entirely different branch to sentience . ''
built on its own level of branches , it was more a separate structure , a two - room guest house .
some led directly into huts , others led out onto branches with huts beyond .
the crystals spread outward into branches , then into tinier stems , and on and on . ''
from there , they crawled under a row of steel desks as soldiers searched , then down another set of stairs to a long basement hall with branches into a maze of rooms and other passageways .
the gant family tree had roots and branches that spread far and wide , on this shore and others .
if it goes back in far enough or branches out , you 'll have a place to hide .
i presume to bear thee warmest greetings from their majesties , king korodullin and queen mayaserana , monarchs of well - loved arendia , for , doubtless , as soon as i return to vo mimbre and reveal that those who were once lost are now joyfully found again , their majesties ' eyes will fill to overflowing with tears of thanksgiving , and they shall embrace thee from afar , if needs be , as a brother , and , as great chaldan gives me strength , shall i presently return to thy magnificent city with missives top - filled with their regard and affection which shall , methinks , pressage a soon - to - be accomplished reunion - may i dare even hope , a reunification - of the dissevered branches of the holy blood of sacred arendia . '
it branches at the foot of this cliff , and one branch goes north .
` ` the river branches upstream , '' he told the others .
a mile or so after you get out of town , the road branches .
there were also several branch passages that wandered off into the mountain , but did n't really go anywhere .
` ` the high road to vo mimbre branches to the left just there , '' mandorallen remarked .
the main road had a narrow left branch .
last known station : hive # 202 , new york branch .
colton took the left branch , toward corva and the medical center refugees .
it 's absolutely black in the tunnel , but i know there are no further branches in this section of the underground .
i take one that branches left and follow it until it branches again .
well , this tall building has got no extended structural branches or wings .
a branch of candles on a writing desk were letting off enough light to see .
he moved to the branch of candles .
now , rich said , i want you to look for the smaller , weaker branches , he pulled one out from the emerald bulb - shaped tree , like these .
from this stem branch three dark leaves .
as with all rumors , the general idea rooted itself like the trunk of a tree , allowing branches of gossip and untruths to grow in every direction .
so much for the olive branch i d offered him the night of the storm .
it stands tall and sturdy amid the two epa buildings , with two overarching , parallel branches that reach into miles .
seeing him recklessly splashing the paint with such an anarchists flare made sebastian branch out .
i managed to get out the words , sending up the white flag of surrender and extending the olive branch .
jill branch .
sherlock , find any pertinent information regarding jillian branch .
if my data is correct , jillian branch is standing less than two meters away from you at the moment .
allow me to introduce jillian branch , he announced .
the girl in the picture was innocent and carefree , had nt done the things jillian branch had now done ...
i know who you are ... jillian branch .
jillian branch .
if i wanted to respond to that remark , holiday said dryly , i would casually point out all jillian branch has accomplished as she s been running amuck on the streets .
the tunnel went straight down for some time before diverting into several intersecting branches .
his thought processes were structured like a tree with millions of branches leading back to the main trunk .
the softly glowing strands come from my forehead and branch out in different directions .
then he took me to parkeshan branch and dropped me off .
the menorah , the lampstand , has seven branches , seven lamps ; the eyes of god , the course of the seven planets , an intimation of the decani , the seventy divisions of the planets .
the man assigned to dad 's case slides into his seat , a pinched look on his brow causing lines to branch and deepen across his forehead .
other electric trolleys from other corners of town were arriving along their branch lines , disgorging workers appropriate in class to the neighborhood it serviced .
its a funny thing about trees -the variations they can take are infinite , the number of branches , the twists , the leaf distribution , the angle -its infinite .
in sugar country , there are heaps of such dead - end access roads that branch , like promising ideas , away from the main .
the branch line headed north back to frederick .
built in the victorian era , the station was home to a branch line which had the advantage of giving access to three different underground lines .
ill be closer to the branch if i take this to the end of the line .
these guys really have no interest in seeing how their branches have actually performed ?
once monson and molly entered the campus , the road forked , one branch continuing to run parallel to the large brick wall and the other curving out of view into the woods .
the long tunnel connecting the two cliffs together had a branch heading east , in the general direction of my villa .
special thanks goes to god , my mother mary manning , my sister tiffany manning , andre branch who read this for me , my church family and my biological family ( the manning and kittrell side ) , and chaston key who listened to every detail about this story every single time i came up with a new idea .
the right branch lead to the boat house .
the driver got off and headed towards the high barnet branch of the northern line .
each branch ends in the same cybriv - dot - com .
two of them headed vaguely left and presumably separated further apart from each other down the road a ways , whereas the third branch took the traveller right .
this is detective steve branch .
detective branch turned away .
detective branch came in and sat down .
if he s clean , branch agrees to cut him loose right there .
i imagine it starts with claire and branches into everyone who s related or works with her .
so there is a branch that understands all branches , which branch is that ?
so there is a branch that understands all branches , which branch is that ?
but the president also tried to be conciliatory , offering an olive branch .
a rectangular slab , supported by the other three branches , composed the chairs back .
while ebenezers coffee house did strong business with the legislative branch , folks at the white house strolled into caribou coffee house on the northwest branch of pennsylvania avenue every morning .
there was a grand tree , thick and knotted and reaching to the heavens with countless twisted and naked branches .
` ` i say the three of us branch off and do it .
at its end it branched left and right , creating a t - shape , and at the end of each branch was a berth for docking a boat , one for each of the two houses , it seemed .
collateral branch .
for as far as they could see , the thin silver line of the rails spun on towards the horizon with only an occasional break , marked by a points lever , where a rusty branch line curved off into the dark mass of the spectre mountains on their right .
` ` there 's a branch line just ahead , '' she gasped .
` ` we 're going to put the cannoriball on to the branch line . ''
the railway had been completed from cape town to hopetown , with a branch running to klipdrift , and this had created a whole new wave of immigrants .
yet this road has no branches - it leads to one place only .
bray checked his map again ; it showed the hill road , and the branch to the right .
the other branch , deeply rutted , continued .
the descent was gradual , a spiral staircase through rock , and as they went the beam of ben 's headlamp illuminated any number of passages that diverged to either side of them , branches he might easily have taken were it not for neumann .
the motorcade headed straight in on branch avenue and drove through the heart of the capital and out again to georgetown .
julio had marked branches - as children they 'd tried that - but eventually plants anchored themselves to everything - stems , branches , trunks , even leaves of other plants wrapping themselves around the trees .
part of him wanted to grab the offered olive branch with both hands and not let go .
i 'll set up traps , block off this branch of land . ''
in five minutes the cincinnati branch of the i.s .
the breed needs to sever its atrophied branches and begin a new reign of gen one power .
and the other three walls , so dark , seemingly covered by a fine black wire mesh , until you realized what you were seeing : an endless ink - drawn vine , crowding every inch between floor and ceiling , growing from a single root in one corner into a million tiny swarming branches , each branch surrounded by countless carefully inscribed names .
contrarily , nadia was more than happy to extend the branches of the countess 's family tree , to fill in her lost history .
` ` while we are still incensed over your treatment of lissa , we are offering an olive branch of sorts .
i met bastille at the intersection , pointing to the right branch .
they stared at each other , a ravenwood and a duchannes , two branches of the same twisted caster tree .
a central room , where the band is playing , branches into other , smaller spaces , each one darker than the last .
i did not expect the river to separate like this , but i tell myself that surely the two branches will rejoin up ahead and , besides , the land between the forks is but a very large island .
in the commotion of our fall , had we somehow ended up in a secondary branch of the main thoroughfare , and was i now off - course , blindly proceeding from darkness into darkness , hopelessly lost ?
the passage , malachi related , connected to countless others , and at each branch or juncture they chose the downward path .
now the knuckles of his fingers were growing fingers of their own , like branches of a tree .
oh , i have heard of it , the monster said , putting its huge branch hands on its hips .
at the first branch , wulfstan peered into the corridor , but the lack of light made it difficult for him to see more than a few feet .
the next corridor branch turned north and had burning torches spaced intermittently all the way down allowing wulfstan to see the fallen bodies of two more guards .
he studied it carefully , comparing it to the inset map and discovered it matched perfectly , except ... where s the branch that leads to the x ?
less than eight minutes later , they were halted by abby , this should be the branch with the missing tunnels .
he considered making the trip to the junction from which it came , a branch in the tunnel to the right , but the rope had followed the current the other way .
as planned , the flame branched off , with a new branch running off to the left while the original continued its slow burn up the dune .
it then descended obliquely into the thorax , fracturing the second and third ribs and after penetrating the left lobe of the lung and dividing a large branch of the pulmonary artery , it entered the left side of the spine , between the sixth and seventh dorsal vertebrae , fractured the left transverse process of the sixth vertebrae , wounding the medulla , and , fracturing the right transverse process of the seventh vertebrae , it made its way through the right side of the spine , directing its course through the muscles of the back and lodged therein , about two inches below the inferior angle of the right scapula .
here there was a fork in the street , one branch continuing straight ahead , the other following the curve of the wall to the right .
it was after their craft lecture the following week that she next noticed jorge branch off in the direction of ivan 's building .
branches of leaves further blocked my complete view .
when we reached the top i was surprised to see the river separate into two branches , one continuing along the left wall , the other cutting right across the land toward the opposite canyon wall , dividing the land .
bax studied both branches of the tunnel .
were mankind bound on a long road , whose many branches all led to the same destination ?
in time that gully broke into smaller and smaller branches , with the indians always choosing one that led north - west .
each joining involved one or other of the rim riders coming down into the watercourse in order to cross over to the rim of the next branch .
if they keep going , they ll cross the red river , two branches of the canadian , and then hit the cimarron cutoff of the santa fe trail .
the only other thing they can do is head west on one or other of the two branches of the trail .
at the start they thought their quarry was making for the northern branch of the santa fe trail with the intention of heading east along it .
one useful thing the travellers were able to tell them was that the cheyenne troubles were over , and that the settlers , no longer held up , were flooding in greater numbers than ever along both branches of the santa fe trail .
the outlaw took his little party on to the northern branch of the trail at a place where he could trek westward along it for some distance , before turning up the stream he wanted , a wide shallow stream with a sandy bottom .
at the cimarron cutoff he had crossed straight over and continued north , giving the impression that the other branch was where he was making for .
instead , they believe the lies that karm feeds , the very ones drakearon started , and are forced to live by them , for the best of lies branch from truth .
the left branch goes to our bhutia village and the right one to the caves .
the rightward branch with a gentle slope had skirted the hill ahead and gone across the sherpa village to the caves .
further ahead along the rightward branch , the tunnel became narrow and dark because of the overhanging shrubs and creepers at the top .
worm - like fellstraw had tunneled into her spine and sent every branch of her nervous system jangling .
they are here in new orleans , with branches in london , paris , new york , and other , less prominent places .
chewing , he reflects that even the prophecies branch in directions more positive , if a bit confusing .
will you add sugar plum branches also ?
she goes quickly to the corridors end and looks down the side branches .
perhaps , eventually , but first it needs to be explored to discover if there are side branches that also lead to the surface .
at the far end , the tunnel branches into numerous passages .
nimmies branches perked up as she spoke .
now i have my revenge on you , branch , he thought , putting it under his armpit and letting it take his weight .
instead , he wrapped his arms around her and she felt a tingle begin in her chest and branch out as softly as a breath blowing across her skin , warm and welcoming , throughout her body .
there were many different levels of branches reaching out for each other from tree to tree .
some say the tree is everything , with its many divisions and worlds separating into branches of time .
maybe if it had only been east branch i could have gotten away with it .
extend an olive branch , alice corrected .
what he means is this : in the center of the creation is the great world tree , it grows from its roots in the underworld to its trunk in the fourth world , to its heavenly branches in the garden of the gods and the sixth and seventh worlds .
as one travels from west to east , one first comes across akal garh market on the left which is a big retail market of clothes , then there is the girja ghar square from where branch off the books market and the old vegetables market , then there is sarafa bazaar ( the market of jewelers ) , meena bazaar ( in ancient times the residing place of concubines but now a wholesale market of grains and many other victuals , and near to it is the naoghara mohalla , where was born the martyr shaheed sukhdev thapar ) , basati bazaar ( a famous retail market of women accessories and cosmetics ) , gur mandi ( translating to jaggery market but in reality more of a market of electronic goods , it is here that a tragic fire broke out in the early 90s , when a blast took place in the firecrackers which were being sold here near the time of diwali , causing many a shopkeepers to mistake its noise for a terrorist attack and thereby pull down the shutters of their shops for safety , where they thus got entrapped to their ultimate demise as the fire spread and took a violent face , eventually leading to the death of more than hundred sons of the city ) , then there is also the saban bazaar ( translating to soap market , but here are sold hardware goods ) , bizli market ( electrical goods ) , pindi street ( medicines ) , lalu mal street and dal bazaar ( wholesale hosiery markets ) , khushi ram halwai and shankar halwai ( famous old shops of sweets ) , sita ram shop ( renowned for its namkeen snacks ) , babe da hatt ( delightful lemon soda ) , nathu mal ghuddu ram ( lip smacking gachchak and bhugga ) , and adding to all this and more , are the hawkers and peddlers here , who spend their days selling their goods on this long stretch , adding to the great hustle and bustle of activity which takes place in this traffic congested premises on a daily basis , in many ways thus , this place is the life spine of the city , imbibing in itself the various colors of its spirit in their different variegated hues .
twisted - feathers indicated the configuration of the limbs , the other side has more branches that would have been much easier to ascend .
all the branches towards the south are dead ends , he told asphodel when she asked about the direction .
from that realization , he would be able to grow like a strong tree and branch out to the world , bearing nourishing fruit for others .
ahead of her , the passage divided into two branches ; one led up , and one down .
how amazing that this tiny thing would turn itself into a gigantic tree , with hundreds of branches !
but there were no other branches .
at least- nanny twitched her train of thought on to a branch line - she probably was .
this time there were several electric branches that forked out , some sideways , heading in the direction of the offshore lighthouse that was now clearly illuminated .
fidelias saw the branches of logic in his mind , unfolding as calmly and cleanly as if he 'd been performing a theoretical exercise .
now we must ride slower , and make sure that no trace or footstep branches off on either side .
the freight dock for the ironspine was alongside its own branch from the canal .
the other - the piebald one - has already told me things which made me feel like a tree whose branches were growing wider and wider apart .
she peered down it and saw that it divided into three branches just a short way up .
at quarter - past two she came to st . anne 's , which was the terminus of the branch , and the end of everything .
gelion was a great river ; and he rose in two sources and had at first two branches ; little gelion that came from the hill of himring , and greater gelion that came from mount rerir .
it was a bent fig tree , a fig tree with twisted branches , and its branches reached all over the worn old stones of the courtyard to make a living roof of new spring leaves , very green .
the other half courses the diaphragm , lying close to the lung , then branches to the heart and arm . ''
after all it was only a branch line and this was the terminus .
just before they reached the top of the mountain the road divided and huw explained that the branch to the left led down to a place called dinas mawddwy and when amy looked down the valley in that direction she could just make out a tiny group of buildings , shimmering in the heat haze , far below .
it guarded the western branch of a narrow pass and trade route connecting egypt and assyria .
at dor ( near modern hadera ) the way branches into two ways - one running along the mediterranean coast , and the other following an inland route through megiddo , the jezreel valley , the sea of galilee and dan .
alex , do you want to take the right branch or the left branch ?
the left branch was the smaller and shallower of the two branches , and it was not flowing as rapidly as the swollen right branch .
over its life it had seen many events unfold under its branches .
` ` mike branch .
the precast concrete lids , although broken in places , missing in others , and with gaps where side branches of the ditches joined the main flow of gray waters , helped keep the odor down .
we do nt have the wire set up at this branch yet .
the branch runs west through the pennines to rheged .
haworth was to have led one branch himself but he had stayed behind , giving instruction instead .
i raise my branch .
the trail branches left and right again , said nadir .
the red branch of veins within his eyes made him look pumped up on methamphetamine .
at the crook of each branch was a decision by someone , anyone and the decisions branched into infinity .
a branch , it had to be a branch .
fred stood near the roses where the path splits off in two directions , one branch leading to the fellowship hall and the building with the classrooms , and the other to the small grove of trees and the concrete bench designed for contemplation .
all the choices we make branch out to touch the people around us .
it was just too byzantine to consider , the branches of his sudden entanglement twisting and turning into each other until the trunk of truth was lost .
- are only branches .
the main branch - not quite as wide as an avenue now , but still not bad - went off to the left , marked by a sign reading no .
and when a regrettable incident occurs which involves any branch of the united states military , we do n't question the roots of that incident but rather how the branches may best be pruned .
left branch to berlin and ridder 's mill , right branch to trimbull and concord .
left branch to berlin and ridder 's mill , right branch to trimbull and concord .
nevertheless , when half a mile from the village they reached a fork in the road and took the right rather than the left branch , she objected that according to the book , visitors to the island should follow the western route .
anthills that are successful branch out by sending new queens to form sub - colonies in the suburbs , so to speak .
these are the branches that receive signals from other cells .
rockhard picked up branch by the door and charged , until ogslaught kicked a table forward into him .
if you re wonderingand i wasntthere is also a branch on the southwest side , off brenham ave . ( pronounced bren - haim ) .
another branch .
however the most probable was that he had done some prior research and discovered a shortcut , probably an obscure branch of the snowmobile trail that i had failed to note in the heat of the race .
` ` now , however , there is a branch line running straight through a time door to hammurabi station in ancient babylon .
each of them a piece of time , connected to one another by branches , all nourished by the same system of roots .
my fantasy branches out to encompass some of my favorite feminine types : the uptight , preppy ubrmom who needs to get fucked before she s done the housework so she can forget for those brief moments of ecstasy that everything always has to be just so ; the neglectful mom who loves getting screwed while her children are whining in the locked basement ; the fun mom who giggles at everything except my erect penis ( but flaccid , its fair game . )
across the bridge , the road splitone branch went straight ahead to the other side of the canyon , the other turned sharply left , following the river .
to take the first sip was just like accepting the olive branch .
a big wooden sign welcomes us to minnesota , and the main street branches off to the right .
there were small blossom shapes that looked a little bit like grape hyacinths interspersed with long branches of cells .
the third bole had matching branches extending in outstretched arms .
he squatted there , at the branch of the two tunnels , and dug the food and canteen from his saddlebags .
that s right , that s exactly how it felt , as if the pine in his front yard had reached out with long , invisible branches and caught him before he lost his gravity - less bearings altogether , and perhaps would never have found his way back .
if you return to where you parted ways , and follow the other branch , perhaps .
and then , as his shell turned trunk and his arms branches , as as his hair leaves and his question answered , it did .
: yama : the tree of eternity has its roots above and its branches on earth below .
she paid no attention to the tunnels passing by until she came to an unusual split in the pathway , one branch leading into total darkness .
west branch ?
it was a remarkable feat , of course , to be able to corral the spirits of so many , to force them to comply perfectly with the encryptions on paper , in the hopes of creating an aural moment which had been experienced in exactly the same way thousands of times over in other concert halls , in other places , and through the conduits of other vessels : there was a divinity to this flow of meaning through different veins , as though something insubstantial , yet wondrous were rushing through branches and through branches of branches and possibly sub - branches of sub - sub - branches to blossom out in consonance , as though realizing , in full bloom , ones own neglect of a hitherto dormant code which had been hiding always within .
peter said that hmc had branches in new zealand where according to his dear friend min ( he put his arm around her shoulders affectionately ) , the spirit was almost extinguished and replaced by a desire for self flagellation , using the same methods .
` ` a huge tree with branches that hang down , all covered in fine leaves .
another branch , then another .
then came a white man with the fire - club and planned to wait on my branches at night to kill her .
on the way , highway ten , a branch off 27 , leads into the heart of the betten hills .
charlie agreed and told bolster what branch .
there were no police vehicles yet on either branch of the dirt road .
straight back from where the two branches of the stairs met was a large deep room , or sitting area .
said she was nt allowed to use the other two branches cause they were nt as good .
cranston had just extended the olive branch , and wilson had to quickly determine how best to use it .
the driveway angled to my right before it divided , one branch curving to the house , the other skirting around back to the barn .
it was a complicated steel structure with a large cabin at the front end and the main body flared back eventually splitting into four branches or legs .
but the piped water line had come through their neighbourhood in the summer , with a branch line coming right into the kitchen .
hickory tree has branches .
probably the little branch of it that ran through the bog .
i may have manners so unpolished that if you brushed up against me you 'd bleed from hitting a sharp edge but i knew when to shine somebody on as they extended an olive branch .
` ` yeah , they 're expanding , opening branches in the u.s . , in seattle . ''
all of 'em , in their way , none of those ways good but still , they did it , extended an olive branch .
at that point , jacob and i had n't talked for nearly three years and the fact that he wanted me to meet you was an olive branch i did n't deserve .
they say it 's not that long considering the bullet 's trajectory - through his left lung - and where it lodged , by one of the branches of his axillary artery .
the act of being this connected made her heart slow down , his kind eyes extending an olive branch of forgiveness , of love and understanding .
there was clogging in one of the branches of his right coronary artery .
each root sends up a tree , and the trees their branches . ''
she completed the sketch , three branches , crossing three branches .
she completed the sketch , three branches , crossing three branches .
also , cyb 's confirmed the clark branch connection , and is currently climbing out on some kinski limbs to verify that .
if he was going to be polite and nice , she could extend an olive branch as well .
` ` i ' ve come with an olive branch . ''
reaching over to my bedside drawer for a condom that i did n't want to f**king use with her , i immediately halted when i felt a lightning storm spread between my legs and branch across my thighs .
a single long road that stretched on for a good quarter - mile with the occasional branch road off to the left and then after a slight clearing , off to the right , another one .
i hesitated a moment , but accepted the olive branch , temporarily at least .
recognizing an olive branch when it was presented to him , he managed a smile and kissed her forehead .
elena strongly suspected that it did , but she was n't about to reject the offered olive branch .
` ` there are other branches in the cave , '' said alberta .
so many taboos find roots in sex and manage to grow so many interesting branches .
follow left branch . ''
` ` q , layla , and i share branches on the same family tree .