not only was i getting to kiss brooks , but i was also going to do it with branch too .
though i 'd always loved both of them from the time when we were all in diapers , branch only ever picked on me , while brooks did everything in his power to stand up for me and keep me safe .
except brooks never asked to be with me , like branch had .
we 'd always had each other 's backs and i hated that my relationship with branch was causing that bond between brooks and me to sever .
i handed branch the bowl and leaned down to get them .
we were almost to the table when branch leaned into my ear and whispered , ` ` if you were wearing a skirt , i 'd be fingering you at the table , too . ''
i looked at branch and smiled , knowing that i did n't have to leave the house to be happy .
that night , after branch kissed me goodnight and we retreated to our own rooms , i laid in my bed crying .
i did n't go back downstairs to hang out with branch .
brooks was breaking my heart , and i could n't tell anyone about it , because i 'd lose branch , whom i equally loved .
i knew i had to let brooks go if i wanted to have a future with branch .
i 'd kissed branch a million times and never felt that kind of desperate connection .
you 're right , i need to be away from you so that i can be happy with branch .
i threw my arms around branch .
the thing was , i accidentally told branch all about it .
i felt betrayed , like branch was keeping it from me on purpose .
i knew he cared about me deeply , but i feared for a huge confrontation between him and branch .
a few nights later , branch took me out to celebrate our upcoming nuptials .
you 're a good man , branch .
i was so close to having my forever with branch .
it all starts with admitting that i should have known branch had lied to me about your feelings .
` ` because i had n't been with branch since before i had my last cycle .
i wanted to hurt branch .
i 'd always loved brooks and feeling like he did n't want me made me settle for branch .
even as a teenager , i remember those particular nights in my bedroom out of all the other nights with branch .
if we told them that you did n't want branch to know , they 'll believe us . ''
i 'd asked my mother if she 'd stop making me take baths with you two , because branch made fun of me all of the time .
i could n't go and get branch , when i knew i could be what you wanted .
i know you were going to ask and i also know that brooks and branch have identical dna .
i 'd been engaged to branch and was claiming that one night with brooks had gotten me pregnant .
with branch and melissa still living at least an hour away , they were lonely .
we can handle branch and even my ex best - friend melissa .
being that he and branch were identical , i wondered how long she 'd wanted him too .
my stomach was in knots knowing that i had n't laid eyes on branch since i 'd left him at the altar .
it was my turn to hug branch .
i had to forget about being with branch and start over , only remembering the times when we were growing up .
for a second i remembered back to years before , when i thought brooks and branch were both equally defined .
i did n't even care if they were secretly in love with each other when i 'd been engaged to branch .
i had n't told anyone i was home , nor did i have many friends other than brooks and branch growing up .
danica came up beside branch .
i felt so sorry for brooks , especially knowing that i 'd never been truly happy with branch .
for the first time i truly felt like i could be friends with branch .
directly in front of us , across la branch street , a ten - story parking garage blocked out a chunk of sky .
cassie was raven haired and controlled the river 's north branch .
he consulted his map again and turned without hesitation into another branch of the waterway .
we confined our initial search to the area near the sheraton down by the main branch of the mississippi river .
knowing where that branch of the stream is going to take you is a big gamble .
the inter - island boto , on which they traveled , neared the mouth of the lurruna branch .
the water she heard was the sound of a short , shallow tributary , a branch of the huge hodenaxi river .
abruptly the engine entered the points and veered off along another branch line , rocking savagely and almost derailing .
originally built between the branches of three rivers and their tributaries , the town was a sprawling mass of stilts and trestles .
but we might have penetrated past a key branch point , been unable to buck the arterial current , and lost time having to plot an alternate and poorer route .
now we came to another branching of the river , where it is called by the northmen the oker river , and here we took the leftmost branch and continued on for ten days farther .
corporal branch gave them a thumbs - up and then held up his index finger .
the cackle of a static frequency , then : ` ` colonel , we ' ve got branch and one unidentified civilian .
it lay about two hundred miles due south of sao gabriel , near the river of jarura , a branch of the solimoes , the mighty southern tributary of the amazon .
at last they reached the place where the main stream forked into the northern and southern branches , encircling the knoll .
danny pointed his pole toward where a small branch of the canal dove into deeper shadows .
they supped that night on a venison stew made from a scrawny hart that a scout called benjicot branch had brought down .
unfortunately , this area was where the river forked off and the second branch angled southwest .
none taken , miss branch .
chapter 8 branches daniel stuck out his tongue and mocked his mothers words .
angelina walked under the branch line bridge and stopped beside a phone box on the corner , which for some reason always had its privacy glass smashed .
to the right , again , they saw a another branch of the river , this time taking the flow away from the main stream and they realised that this fork was the beginning of the one they had seen below the rapids .
before harry had veered to the left , taking them down this branch of the river , there had been two hundred metres between the shores , and the forest had blurred the line between land and water .
we did a grid search starting at the headwaters of the east branch of the mahakan .
little after sunrise the dugout reached the spot where the river widened and deepened ; the branch of the river which joef had started his croc hunting .
20 detective steve branch and his side kick keven richter were briefed by the precinct commander , grant holland , on the developing story .
green looked at detective branch .
it was the largest settlement at that time in mesopotamia , situated on a branch of the mighty euphrates river , with the finest buildings , and constructed by a civilisation that exhibited the earliest evidence of writing .
bond guessed that in fact the water was from the tap behind the bar , but leiter had said that real bourbon drinkers insist on having their whisky in the traditional style , with water from high up in the branch of the local river where it will be purest .
` ` bourbon and branch , sam , '' klein said , lifting his own drink .
castilla took a sip from the glass of branch water sitting beside his place and wished the shot of bourbon were sitting beside it .
the broad paseo ran beside the eastern branch of the guadalquivir river in the el arenal barrio of the city .
but not to the animals of the american army of occupation , g branch , who set other animals upon her .
fascinated , alex traced the river dividing the southern part of the island called the futile river , and the main branch called the eastern .
just in time the position of the bird in charge was vacated as the condor , who had many years there , got nested with branch bookkeeper human lady called by friendly devotees gracious gus , and , to prevent another unwanted pregnancy , was called back to the colony .
the indians had turned off the trail of the stolen stock , and disappeared instead down a dry watercourse leading off toward a branch of the red river , then lying far to their north - east .
johnnies idea was to follow up the north branch of the red river , and come out on the high plains somewhere ahead of both the cheyenne and the rustlers .
when they rode on , parting with many expressions of mutual goodwill , they set a course overland for bents fort on the northern branch of the santa fe trail .
it took another two days to safely find a vantage point from which they could look down on the cattle then fording a branch of the north canadian river .
the libron river originates on mount libros and flows gently down through the hills and cut its way south for a hundred leagues before it split into its two branches , the southern libron and the daeva libron .
they did not follow the usual curve of the river to whampoa and canton , but instead took an earlier eastern branch towards the city of dongguan : now drifting with the wind , now rowing against the slow current , past the broad square - bordered rice fields on either side of the river , verdant green with the tops of the shoots beginning to protrude beyond the water 's surface .
the city is sort of surrounded by various branches of the bacchiglione river .
they stopped at the first village in the foothills , on the banks of a branch of the kephisos river .
avoided the glow of the oil lights in lakeview , the electric lights of the city ; he kept moving until he ran across diversey and found the north branch of the river .
this fort is located at the confluence of willis creek and the north branch of the potomac river .
our land is located near the powder mill on the powder branch .
they had to choose whether to take the right or the left branch of the river around the island .
the left branch was the smaller and shallower of the two branches , and it was not flowing as rapidly as the swollen right branch .
the left branch was the smaller and shallower of the two branches , and it was not flowing as rapidly as the swollen right branch .
pappy johns farm as they referred to it , was slightly over ten sections of rich south carolina bottomland , bordering on rayburns branch of the saluda river .
the area has a variety of climate changes , fertile soils , and many tributaries that branch from the red .
it looks across the east branch at mount pomery .
when he went downstairs to see if he could catch her before she went , he found a smiling mrs flowers who informed him that just after eight his wife had taken the branch line from st ives to st erth to meet the penzance to paddington train which stopped there at nine fifteen to pick up holiday makers who were going home at the end of their fortnights break .
a bourbon and branch sweated in a pool of sun on the table .
sacha got on so he could catch the branch line train to st ives at the first stop .
the journey seemed even more tortuous than usual , with a change on to a local branch line in norwich and then a cab to the house from a station in the wilds .
as the group proceeded single file down the steps to begin the trail on the north branch , they noticed a definite drop in the temperature .
the preserve is divided by the two branches of water running all the way north between the two big mountains .
a small creek or crick , as we say in these parts ran through it , a tiny branch of the duck river .
on saturdays he would play in branch brook park all day and not come back until late .
the neighborhood was near branch brook park .
but the family stopped coming to branch brook way before that .
the restaurant was crowded so i took a seat at the bar , ordering a bourbon and branch .
` ` listen to this : ' the fontanka is a branch of the river neva , which flows through the city of leningrad . '