as she chewed , she closed her eyes at the delicious combination of chocolate and strawberries danced along her taste buds .
rachel nodded , lifting her glass to her lips and taking a sip , then cringing as the foul tasting wine hit her taste buds .
she had to nip that right in the bud .
it was springtime and all the buds were just starting to open up from the ground .
i took a sip and winced when the strong , sweet flavor hit my taste buds .
releasing the stiff bud , he lifted his head and looked into her brown eyes , now cloudy with desire .
and if he 'd had any thought of playing sexy stud that evening , she nipped that right in the bud .
she nibbled and nipped , punishing his sensitive bud till he sucked in his breath and clenched his eyes shut but when she began to lick and soothe him with her tongue he flung his head back and moaned .
lani shifted , ready to feed the other bud to the ravenous rogue beneath her , when he lifted his hand to span her waist and lift her off him .
before he could recover she was back on top of him , straddling his h*ps but never releasing his stiff buds and as she felt the heat of his hardness pressing up against her moistened core she sank down onto it , impaling herself .
the perfect wine did n't just titillate her taste buds , though .
it melted in her mouth , the taste touching all of her taste buds , and it was amazing .
her eyes were burning and she was sure she 'd scorched off most of the taste buds on her tongue but she blinked rapidly in an effort to show him that she was fine with the current drink .
helen was just too innocent to know if someone was hitting on her and he meant to nip that in the bud immediately .
she took a deep , fortifying sip , ignoring the pain from the hot coffee because she needed the sustenance more than she needed taste buds on her tongue at the moment .
was this to show him how compatible he and april were because their taste buds were similar ?
searching for the best possible way out , he thought of a few choice phrases that could nip this in the bud .
` ` then your taste buds are on the fritz , '' the man grumbled .
biting into the christmas confection sent thrills of pleasure streaking through his taste buds .
whatever it was , nick told himself firmly , it was time to nip it in the bud .
they had become best buds , even to the point where my mother had called her the daughter she 'd never had .
time to nip this shit in the bud before her resolve drowned a slow death in his blue eyes .
not hot - house buds .
her breasts tingled , her nipples tightening into hard buds , her heart thumped into a gallop , her stomach contracted and every nerve in her body buzzed .
the sweet raisin - like taste explodes on my taste buds , as a drop escapes from the side of my mouth .
first the tip and then , as your body learns to accommodate it , the whole bud , even the widest part .
and frankly , being in the military had pretty much flattened his taste buds long ago .
it was not the first time his sister had tried to interest him in one of her giddy young friends , and from experience , nicki knew the best way to nip miss stone 's romantic plans for him in the proverbial bud was simply to fluster and intimidate the chit until she was relieved to see him leave .
she burst out as he slid his hand inside her bodice , cupping her breast and fondling her nipple , forcing it into a tight bud .
his hand cupped her breast , pushing it upward , his thumb circling her nipple , while he watched the pink tip harden into a tight bud .
the bit of wine that reaches my taste buds seems sweeter than it did before , and it does n't quite mask the saltiness of ward 's skin .
while their relationship was more cordial now than when they first met they were far from best buds .
she took a mouthful , trying not to inhale the stench , trying not to have what produced it hit her taste buds , to slide directly into her throat .
` ` you know , like someone who has super sensitive taste buds except with smell .
my bra came off next , and my nipples stood up under his gaze , erupting from my smooth skin like perfect pink buds .
` ` now that we 're buds , '' micah said , setting his glass down .
` ` besides , we 're just buds , remember ? ''
did you expect me to be drinking something domestic like coors or bud ?
he took his crew and bailed the minute he found out his bud got fired .
i had a feeling that it would soon just be mark and drew , with some scantily clad club girls , the phillies , a case of bud and a box of trojans .
` ` i think my taste buds were just incinerated . ''
` ` they make the place look like a funeral home if you ask me , '' jade muttered , crinkling her nose in disgust at the beautiful buds .
amberlyn , this is my best bud , collin and his girl , amelia . ''
in reality , i did n't taste anything i put in my mouth , the shock of seeing jackson overtaking everything , even my taste buds .
he slowly inserted a finger into me , my wetness giving him easy passage , as he continued suckling on my aroused bud .
jackson continued whispering encouraging words in my ear as my fingers became frantic against my swollen bud , his raspy voice telling me what he was going do to me , taking me close to the edge .
she flicked her tongue across his erection 's crown , almost passed out at feeling the slick satin of his flesh against her tongue , his tangy taste against her taste buds .
` ` having you lost to pleasure is the most magnificent thing i ' ve ever experienced , '' he rumbled against her mouth as his fingers still stroked her , avoiding her sensitive bud , until he soothed her , then he changed direction and rhythm , had her climbing to mindlessness again .
she groaned as the complex flavor hit her taste buds .
her protests fractured only when he suckled her bud until he had her thrashing , begging .
i had to nip them in the bud . ''
although hunter 's taste buds were more refined than most kids his age , because luis had exposed him to so many different things at a young age , luis knew he 'd never eat the sausage .
it circled her waist like a bracelet , and then , in a pattern of swirls and buds , crawled up her torso to meet in a point between her br**sts .
as he bent down farther to better tongue my bud , he spread the globes of my ass , his fingers nearing my ring .
mallory gasped at the intimate contact , her ni**les pebbling to hard buds .
he yanked the buds out of his ears and grinned at her .
he lifted his bud bottle and shrugged .
tamara knew that tone and that look and she figured she might as well nip this one in the bud .
he needed to nip that in the bud .
she 'd bet her condo it was an ice - cold bud in a bottle .
she yanked the buds out of her ears .
her mouth automatically opening in horror , she looked around for a napkin , the flavor invading and offending every single one of her taste buds .
he wanted to nip this in the bud before he was denied the right to nip her bud .
he wanted to nip this in the bud before he was denied the right to nip her bud .
to just sit on a bar stool next to me for an hour and have a bud ?
he saw a lot of bud in her , and he was grateful for that .
my daddy was bud rawlings .
he had a key to the house she 'd shared with bud and he let himself in .
the miracle that hit her taste buds had her gasping with excitement .
when he flicked his tongue across the little slit , a sweet tinge of pre - come spread across his taste buds .
the rich taste of champagne fills my mouth and assaults every taste bud sitting on my tongue as i swallow it down slowly , savoring the richer - than - normal taste .
her ni**les puckered into tight buds , and she squirmed in her seat .
a few more sessions with lilia should nip it in the bud .
he might be william 's best bud right now , but i do n't care .
mia takes another swig of her champagne , acting more like it 's a bottle of bud than anything from france .
he lowered his head , and when his mouth took the place of his hand , her exquisite flavor made his taste buds explode .
when his mouth circled her core and he swiped his tongue across her painfully swollen bud , she felt her release coming .
teasing your nipples into tight buds ? ''
this is something that needs to be nipped in the bud .
because whatever is happening between us , it needs to be quickly nipped in the bud .
the sharp chime of the doorbell nips that plan in the bud , and i leap to my feet , yanking my hand out of my pants as i move like a guilty teenager caught by her parents .
i popped out an ear bud , raising my brows in what i hoped was a look of polite interest .
how long do i have to pretend to be your bro , your bud , in public , lovers only in private ? ''
this time , i held the wine in my mouth , swirled it around my taste buds .
no bud light or coors here .
acidic gall burned my taste buds , scorched down my esophagus .
his thumb , which had previously been massaging the hard bud between my legs , slid back to my rear opening .
she was right to try to nip this in the bud .
he grabbed her phone and popped her ear buds into her ears .
it 's smooth but still , '' she took another sip , thought for a moment as the drink hit her taste buds , ` ` but still has a bit of a kick to it , does n't it ? ''
time to nip that in the bud .
` ` anyone with working taste buds . ''
we 're the best of buds , practically family .
part of me thinks i should nip this in the bud right now and stand him up .
the flavor and scent of him would be forever imprinted on her taste buds .
i put in my ear buds and pushed myself into a rhythm , almost eager for the challenge ahead .
channing nursed a bud light in a corner booth .
at her campsite , gemma pulled out two lawn chairs and a six - pack of bud light .
cash wanted to tell her it probably would n't and encourage her to nip the relationship in the bud .
without looking up , she said , ` ` i put a six - pack of bud in the small cooler .
` ` jacksh 's my beshtesht bud from college . ''
when he heard jasmine screaming and the headboard banging into the wall again , he inserted his ear buds and cranked up his ipod .
` ` you have highly developed taste buds , let 's see how mine feel against your skin . ''
you know i ' ve had it bad for trevor my whole life , since he 's best buds with colby .
which was why he and harland west were such good buds . ''
i realized india ai n't ever gon na see me beyond a drunk she 's counseled or her best bud , so i asked someone else to the community dance saturday night . ''
he took his time tasting the dips and hollows of her body , steeping his taste buds in the sweet and salty flavor of her skin .
` ` two bud lights , '' jack said and handed the cashier a ten , waving off the change as a tip .
the lid on the cooler slammed and chase handed him a bud light .
which prompted another argument that edgard and trevor immediately nipped in the bud .
perhaps he should take note and learn from his own experience to nip things in the bud much sooner in the future - to avoid such unpleasantness .
yeah , we both know i ' m just trying to nip this conversation in the bud .
i got waylaid in your house by one of your vampire buds . ''
who needs taste buds anyway ?
it was thick on his taste buds and made him completely nauseated .
he hates the daimons with a passion to rival your charonte buds .
` ` in spite of the sophisticated palate he claims to have , my baby has the taste buds of a five - year - old .
at once , his taste buds screamed wrong !
if she was going to make a vampiric life - oh , dear lord - with him , she needed to nip this behavior in the bud .
` ` before it blooms , the buds look like testicles . ''
` ` sorry , buds , but demons do n't run things topside , and the only way they can is by kicking off the apocalypse and hoping to win .
` ` sex on the brain , bud ? ''
one of his buds laughed .
` ` uh , how about a bud ? ''
` ` can i get two buds ? ''
anyway , i 'll take a bud . ''
time to nip that direction of conversation in the bud .
or just this bud light shit ? ''
my gaze dropped to floor , and that pungent bile crept up to touch my taste buds again .
just one tiny little bud , even ... ... mage stepped in front of me , blocking my path .
again i reached inside for a bud , desperate to read caden , to end this question once and for all .
i seized a magic bud and quietly chanted a few lines of a probing spell as i let my magic drift toward her .
no one with taste buds would like this crap .
with a sigh , i break off a chunk and slide the tangy filling into my mouth , letting it melt over my taste buds .
pretending that i was just lying in the grass on any regular spring day , and that if i watched closely enough , i 'd get to see it wake up ; i 'd see the leaf buds sprout . ''
` ` i think the buds are there .
the tangy orange flavor has just touched my taste buds when a strong arm hooks around my waist from the front and pulls me away from the safety of my wall .
ginger makes me do at least one foreign - to - me drink per night , awarding my concoction with a new name based on her mood and what that brave customer 's face looks like the instant his taste buds get assaulted .
` ` i know , s- '' the coppery taste of blood taints my taste buds as i bite my tongue hard , to avoid saying his name .
there were lots of dolls in the world with eyes too close together - in particular , the french dolls made years ago by jumeau , and schmitt and sons , and huret , and petit and demontier - with moon faces , and glittering glass eyes crowding their little porcelain noses , with mouths so tiny they seemed at first glance to be tiny buds , or bee stings .
she left the library , walking slowly , falling into a dragging rhythm almost , though she did n't know why , except that she was looking at everything that she passed , and when she stepped out into the garden , it seemed gloriously green and crowded to her , with the spring azaleas almost ready to bloom , and the ginger lilies laden with buds , and the crape myrtles filled with tiny new leaves , making them enormous and dense .
` ` listen , sook , stick with your human buds and leave the others by the side of the road . ''
my brother 's best bud , hoyt fortenberry , was soon to marry a longtime merlotte 's barmaid , holly cleary .
on the other hand , desmond cataliades was very effective and personally interested in me , since he 'd been best buds with my biological grandfather .
i said , and he nodded , reaching back for the battery pack as i dropped the bud down my shirt and he pulled it through , scraping my skin .
laila stuffed her ears with the buds from the ipod nicola had given her for their last birthday .
he reached around , felt- ` ` wing buds , '' he said , his shock deepening .
with shaky fingers , i placed one gently in my mouth and ... my taste buds burst .
the sweet , sweet flavor made each of my taste buds shoot to life .
jaxon gently pinched her nipple , and she gasped at the heady sensation , a lance of pleasure speeding from the hardened bud to her wet , needy core .
the ham had been glazed with brown sugar , a succulent feast to her taste buds .
with the buds in her ears , she could have closed her eyes and pretended she was at home .
he bit through the fabric of her shirt , tugging the little bud into the fiery heat of his mouth , even as he shoved a finger deep , deep into her sex .
nip this in the bud .
it was clear the bud remained un - nipped .
a ruthless plunge of his fingers , scissoring over and over , his tongue flicking over that swelling bud , and she climaxed with violent force , her inner walls clenching on him .
her flavor , as sweet as her scent , fizzed and crackled over his taste buds , and he moaned .
his flavor hit her taste buds , and she groaned in eagerness .
` ` there are little buds now . ''
sherridan had a thriving real estate business , a date with a new , sexy man every weekend and me as a best bud .
said the vampire was more reliable than any machine , his taste buds sharper than any piece of equipment , and that he could tell anything and everything about a person 's body simply by ingesting the life - giving fluid .
it is like fire blossoming from a bud .
he 'd spent twelve - hour days training in that sixty - degree water during buds .
my bud .
he rubbed the tip of himself over my sensitive bud and groaned again .
he sat back down at the bar and waved down lyla , who brought him another bud .
i picked up the ear buds and sat up .
he took one nipple in his mouth and arched up to meet him , a loud cry echoing from my lips at the feel of his lips around the sensitive bud .
he must have gotten a new mp3 player , because i could see the wire of the ear buds peeking out from his collar .
he asked , yanking the ear buds from his ears in irritation .
popping my ear buds in , i scrolled through my music until i found some apocalyptica and cranked it .
it 's time to nip this conversation in the bud .
she says excitedly , ripping the ipod buds out of her ears .
` ` two buds , please . ''
the rosy buds of her br**sts pointed through the thin meshed fabric , f**king straining as painfully as me .
i ' m your best bud .
mike shook his head and clapped the keeper on the shoulder , like they were best buds .
you share blood , you were clearly ' best buds ' in high school . ''
trees had grown up overnight like blossoming buds in a time - lapse film , their luscious leaves casting shadows over the long grass , where the scent of apples and rotting cider wafted on the early fog , making sweet perfume in the air .
i peer at the tiny white buds and dark green leaves , just like in that monet exhibit my mom dragged me to see in new york one time .
you should have ordered some shit like bud light . ''
the commotion continued , followed by the pop - pop of the guns and the screams of their team members in their ear buds .
he plugged in the earphones and put one bud in his ear as he turned the device on to make sure it would work before he got ready for a run .
he stopped the track and pulled the ear bud out of his ear .
then the agenda moved on to the negative image the fbi was being painted with of late and several avenues the pr people had come up with to nip it in the bud .
` ` i have a bunch of ear buds , a few other things , '' digger said .
the ear buds digger had provided were dependent on small wireless radios , and as long as the radio was within a few yards of the ear bud , they would work .
ty remained silent for several minutes , his harsh breathing as he ran the only evidence that his ear bud worked at all .
he could hear the others in his ear bud .
he yanked the ear bud from his ear to be rid of the chatter and shoved the gun harder against howard 's neck .
` ` i ' m almost at the front entrance , '' zane said on the ear bud .
` ` what 's the reach on these ear buds ? ''
` ` or his ear bud .
zane could hear him murmuring a prayer in french through the ear bud in his ear .
a knowing smile buds on his lips .
a smile buds on my lips .
a bitter jolt corrodes my taste buds , viral as battery acid .
i should nip this in the bud and walk away from both of them forever .
seth stands and pulls his buds out of his ears .
i pull my iphone and ear buds out of my bra and plug them in my ears .
i blow on the wet buds , making them pucker more and then continue on my quest down her slightly rounded stomach , kissing along the waistline to each hip , up each side , counting her ribs with my tongue .
maybe it 's just because my taste buds are so desensitized to sweet that anything not comprised of at least ninety percent sugar tastes wrong .
they 'll want to nip it in the bud and the best way to do that is shut down its source . ''
` ` her feelin ' weird can die on the vine or it can flourish , and frankie bein ' frankie , i ' m wantin ' to nip it in the bud before it flourishes . ''
but mike called this morning with the excellent news that no was unexpectedly off with some buds doing something and rees was at some girlfriend 's house likely talking non - stop about how awesome finley holliday was .
no is having pizza with his buds , '' mike called back in answer .
buds were on the trees .
` ` at your service , '' she muttered then bent to open a fridge and pull out a bud doing this while talking , her eyes never leaving me , ` ` i ' m cheryl by the way , also by the way i know who you are . ''
it 's my birthday and if i wan na spend it with my buds , i 'll spend it with my buds , '' no shot back .
i do n't find a way to nip this shit in the bud right now , we 're in for it .
no was out cavorting with some buds .
` ` my advice , nip it in the bud .
` ` got a bud who 's got a bud who works for mcgrath .
` ` got a bud who 's got a bud who works for mcgrath .
tripp was hanging with some buds , having spent the night after the game at one of their houses , he was supposed to spend the day jacking around , going to the mall and being home that evening after they went to a movie .
jasper was in the armchair at the left of the couch marathon texting keira , his buds and half the population of indiana .
then jasper shocked the shit out of layne and walked straight into him , he bumped the side of his chest against his dad 's like layne had seen him doing to his buds .
so do a good number of his buds , all of 'em paid their dues but astley was the mastermind . ''
then he went to the fridge , saw bottles of bud and smiled .
ryker sat back and stretched his legs out in front of him , still grinning , the showdown was over , layne was again his bud and layne relaxed in his chair .
` ` that is n't at the top of my list of things i wan na do but i get the sense that big , scary , raving lunatic ryker does not have a lot of buds and ryker tells me lissa spends a lotta her time working her ass off to give her girl a decent life and likely , with ryker her man and him looking like a raving lunatic , she does n't have a lot of chicks of her own so i reckon they 're recruitin ' a posse and we 're pretty much the only candidates in the ' burg who would n't run a mile .
mimi 's got kids and al 's out with his buds tonight so she 's in .
while we were in the truck with the boxes on the way home , we discussed the rest of my belongings and how it was too bad mom bought that bed from bud because now we had an extra one .
i looked at dee and asked , ` ` bud draft is gettin ' low .
conner is either goin ' with one of his girls or he 's goin ' with his buds .
i heard con talkin ' to his bud on the phone .
they 'd left with some swiftness due to the fact that conner was at work and amber was supposed to be home shortly after ` ` hanging with her buds '' after school and jake wanted to make sure she got home when she was due and also got her schoolwork done .
he 's a bud .
they 're buds .
it was the next afternoon and not surprisingly , after hearing the news he was coming , amber showed up after school with both taylors in tow and conner had switched his shift with a bud so he could be there .
they 're best buds .
but get him and his bud in the car , dump them on alyssa and meet me at your place .
granted , he was with his buds , and maybe obviously virile , viking - type raiders behaved that way in front of their buds , but he could at least have said hello .
granted , he was with his buds , and maybe obviously virile , viking - type raiders behaved that way in front of their buds , but he could at least have said hello .
i was experiencing it , an explosion on my taste buds and a warmth that spread through me from inside to out .
` ` oh , '' i whispered , unsure about where this was going , though still thinking it was pretty cool badass apollo and his badass boys nipped that shit in the bud .
through this , i noted they might not have been best buds but they clearly had respect and regard for each other .
i had no idea how i was going to prove this fact , outside of watching him with his buds , eating steak , drinking martinis , laughing , and him being the loudest and liveliest of the lot because he was so obviously coked to the gills .
` ` 'cause you guys are buds , '' the kevster informed me .
` ` you 're not buds ? ''
` ` no , we 're not buds . ''
i 'd also clocked tex sitting at the bar with a bottle of bud in front of him .
so a kid that was always clever and funny now was giving his best bud a run for his money in the looks department .
she asked , confused and still lamenting over the fact that her taste buds would never again be the same .
sofia should have nipped that in the bud the very second ash and pierce had opened their mouths .
` ` she 'd come on to me , even though we were together and trey 's my bud . ''
there were just trees with tiny buds and boats docked all around the lake .
it was her turn to nip the suggestion in the bud .
she sucked in a sharp gasp as his fingers cupped her breast and his thumb gently teased her nipple to a tight bud .
and she was freaking sure that it was a trend that needed to be nipped in the bud .
she would be smothered if she did n't nip a few of them in the bud .
we were n't best buds who spent our nights braiding each others ' hair and sharing our intimate secrets .
later , he would find a surrogate for dara who was more pleasing to his taste buds .
she threaded her fingers through his damp hair , deliberately rubbing the tight buds of her br**sts against his chest , groaning at the tiny darts of sensation that arrowed straight to the pit of her stomach .
but even as the clan chief in her warned she needed to nip his neanderthal behavior in the bud , another part was wryly accepting that santiago was far too stubborn to be properly trained .
` ` i agree , '' styx abruptly nipped her urge to argue in the bud .
as if sensing her capitulation , his fingers circled the tight buds of her breasts , learning what made her gasp in delight before he lowered himself to capture a sensitive tip between his lips .
` ` i might ' ve mixed some k with some molly and some really dank bud and thought i was conversing with a tree before , yes . ''
i stepped back , the strange taste of his blood overwhelming my taste buds .
she bit into the cake pressed softly against her lips and every one of her taste buds came completely alive .
the backyard was downright ugly , the landscaping version of a man who had n't shaved for a week and did n't have a good beard pattern working for him : even though spring was gaining a firm toehold in caldwell , new york , with buds forming on the tips of tree branches and the snow gone even from where it had been piled up high by the plows , a coat of green leaves was n't going to help back there .
` ` i 'll take a bottle of bud , bitchy !
their eyesight , their taste buds , and their olfactory senses were all highly evolved from a climate of consistent temperatures and delicate scents .
callie closed her eyes as the silky chocolate slid over her taste buds .
` ` hudson , want a bud light ? ''
` ` i 'll take a bud . ''
i took a swig of bud and then froze as i heard a tinkle of feminine laughter that did n't belong to lucky .
` ` good taste buds . ''
john started peeling the label off his bud light .
he taps the play button and a fast tempo sounds from the ear buds .
sam proved how cruddy he felt by not responding to my bud overture .
it was n't cold , so she had the windows down , and the air smelled damp and green , the trees all around just starting to bud .
it smells so good i 'd swear my taste buds are watering .
` ` any of you bud heads touch my wheels , i 'll come after you with a crowbar . ''
the words exchanged are sharp , but the two smile and slap each other on the back as if they are best buds .
i think anyone with functioning taste buds do , but i draw the line at board shorts . ''
biting into it , my taste buds enter heaven .
from the feeds , i could see a newly confident and swaggering bud escorting brittany out of the secured area , and once both guards were back at the desk , tiffany exited the bathroom .
we were n't really what one would call best buds .
could n't feel his presence in the pads of their fingertips or the buds of their tongues .
fact : ryland had taste buds that allowed him to taste energy - or the lack thereof - a skill that was useful for locating nobodies in the real world , but not in the fade .
his rhythmic tongue set a pace as it put just enough pressure on my tiny bud .
i watched the tip of his c**k rubbing against my bud .
the maple flavor of the syrup hit my taste buds first .
she pulled out the ear buds and looked at me with tear filled eyes .
her little bud was calling my name and i gave it all my attention .
he was soon asleep with ear buds stuck in his ears .
i had n't had one in so long and it was like a burst of heaven awakening my taste buds .
shayne licked harder , pressing his tightened tongue firmly against my bud .
he rubbed it hard , applying a circular pattern to my swollen bud .
i guess i 'll have a bud light . ''
maybe a pickle would help liven up her taste buds .
allows your taste buds to take over as the primary sensory perception . ''
the most recent bud had quit the previous night .
looks like we ' ve got our new bud . ''
` ` the latest bud quit on us a few days ago .
` ` so you 're the new bud , grace ? ''
it occurred to her that in her career as a wedding consultant she had honed to a fine art the ability to nip embarrassing public scenes in the bud .
when he used the pad of his thumb on the small bud , she quivered violently .
several times a day she told herself it was better if the brief affair she had begun with jonas was nipped in the bud .
could n't help but notice that the so - called investigative genealogist uncle bud hired had overlooked one of my brothers who happens to be still alive and kicking , by the way .
there was a tiny flower in a miniature bud vase positioned between the two place mats .
when he bit down gently on the extended bud , she shrieked and arched her back even higher .
me , i screwed in my buds and turned up nine inch nails until my ears bled .
he deepened his caresses against her sensitive bud and felt her whole body tense as she neared her climax .
in august , it was still too hot for blooms , but even now , buds were showing in the shadiest spots .
` ` reinvigorates it , makes more buds . ''
looking at the detail of the tiny leaves and buds , george believed it .
shaped like a bronze flower bud , thrusting from a stack encrusted with tiny specks of crystal , the flower terminated in four delicate metal roots bent outward to provide a sturdy base .
the flower bud opened , revealing pale petals in its center made of some strange material , paper - thin , but with a metallic sheen .
she had to nip it in the bud .
shaped like an elongated flower bud , the guardian building contained an inner core of offices and working spaces , up the side of which the elevator now climbed .
this inner core sat within an outer shel of twisting steel beams forming a diagonal grid , the outer surface of the bud .
in this part of the structure the outer exoskeleton of plasti - steel beams sloped , forming the upper curve of the flower bud , and the space between the diagrid and the inner core of the building was only about twenty - five meters .
` ` nip your pride in the bud , lassie .
big papaw guarded its secret like it was weaponized plague , but there is very little you could keep from a shapeshifter 's taste buds .
then your taste buds will even out . ''
` ` you just stand by my buds while your friend and i get in this backseat , '' the grinning stranger said , grabbing denise .
colton and his posse have become my best buds , which tells you a lot about how drunk we all are .
like any fifty - year - old who had a little money saved up and considered herself a free spirit , lois drove a vw bug with a yellow faux flower in the dashboard bud vase to match the yellow paint job .
just me and my buds , hanging at the house .
prior to his enchantment , he would have nipped pam 's plan in the bud , or maybe he would ' ve enthusiastically endorsed it .
he blanched and said no more about suing , and he and his buds left soon after .
` ` a bud , '' i said .
i was almost relieved to feel a head of anger building at this injustice , but my better self urged me to squash it in the bud .
even my taste buds were happy .
` ` bud was in the bayou last night . ''
we 're old buds , we are .
` ` you 're my bud , '' i said .
lowering my head , i circle her nipple with my tongue before gently sucking it into my mouth , pressing my tongue against the hardened bud .
the fire bush was full of swollen buds almost ready to bloom .
i ' m writing you both out of my will , '' i snapped , swallowing coffee that was too hot and instantly searing off a third of my taste buds .
the scruff scratched my taste buds and gave me a sense of what that very scruff would feel like against other soft places on my body .
you two are buds now . ''
she thinks we 're buds because he and jason are friends . ''
i know you two are buds . ''
` ` we are n't buds .
` ` i ' m not talking to sebastian because i want us to be buds , because i want to date him , or because i think he and the rest of the reapers are right about anything .
what i wanted to do was nip that conversation in the bud .
there was something about the first bite of food in the morning - maybe the relative absence during sleep , maybe the reawakening of the taste buds - that made my simple breakfast seem nearly majestic .
i like to drink beer , hang out with my buds , and take random girls home for casual sex ( yes , i use a condom ; i ' m not nasty ) .
i glanced down , noting that my nipples were n't the only ones to have tightened into tiny little buds , so i brushed against them , stopping to pinch them lightly between my thumb and forefingers .
about a dozen snack cakes fell out along with an ipod , some ear buds , and some power bars .
` ` my bud here is having a bad day . ''
at the same time , he fondled the other breast , teasing the tip into a tight bud , stroking the low fullness and weight .
i drank it too fast and it was sloshing around in my gut , ready to rush up my throat in a bud light tsunami , crashing out over my teeth onto his lap if i did n't get some fresh air , did n't get away from him .
under it was a twelve - pack of bud light .
so let 's nip this in the bud .
jamie shoved a big mouthful of mint chocolate chip in her mouth and sighed , taste buds bursting into an alleluia chorus .
i turn the volume on my ipod down and pull an ear bud out as my mum waves for my attention .
` ` he and his buds rescue downed pilots in war zones - even jump into the ocean to assist during astronauts ' landings .
his buds knew him , knew just how to step in and defuse the moment .
and even if they would , his buds had people who would miss them .
the metallic tang saturated her taste buds with the reminder that thank you , god , thank you , god , she was still alive .
two buds from his test squadron stood behind him - jimmy gage and vince deluca .
jimmy was the unit 's all - around good guy , the kind of bud who could be counted on to back you up in a bar fight .
just him and his buds , toasting one another silently with a beer at the end of the day .
in fact , his squadron buds were the only ones who would give a shit if something happened to him .
a couple of buds from my squadron dropped it off for me . ''
` ` my taste buds are too busy having orgasms to think that deeply . ''
we 'll start with surveillance prior to the hearing in hopes that we can nip this in the bud , then follow - up observation and protection at case western the day of the hearing . ''
he needed to nip this in the bud .
` ` if they 're all tagging and most of them are signing , why not nip it in the bud ? ''
cool air teased over her bare chest , tightening her already puckered ni**les to near - painful buds .
at least he had his squadron buds , even more importantly his core crew , to shoot the shit with about their highly classified work .
his air force buds must have been working their asses off for the past two weeks ... had it really only been such a handful of days ?
the maple flavor melted over her taste buds .
chocolate melted in her mouth , warm and full over her taste buds .
shoveling food into her mouth even though grief killed her taste buds , monica wished she did n't care so much .
spearmint saturated her taste buds .
walking beside mary elise in the late - night surf , daniel was n't certain whether to thank or curse his squadron buds .
after all , men did not look at their best bud that way , even if said bud was a woman .
darcy spun away to join the safety of her crewdog buds , who never shot sex - laden looks her way , making her question things about herself she was n't ready to answer .
she was killing him with friendship , treating him like one of her crewdog buds , taunting him with how very much was lacking and how much more they 'd had before .
she was n't his academy bud .
an evening with his buds at the wing and a prayer and he would be back on track .
` ` i ' ve had a security police bud keeping an eye out since this mess started .
` ` now is that any way to talk to your best bud ? ''
his nosy best bud .
` ` we alternated between hating each other and being best buds .
ty poured a bud from the tap and handed it to the guy who 'd been keeping a running tab .
he kissed her while he stroked the tiny bud , all the while aware of her increasing wetness and building desire , the hushed moans he devoured with his mouth , and the way her smaller hands gripped his sides .
startled , dare glanced up to see liza pulling the ipod buds out of her ears .
` ` the uptown girl 's drinking bud from a bottle .
` ` i 'll have a bud light too ! ''
she 'd put her ipod ear buds on .
she yanked on the wires , pulling the buds out of her ears , and looked up - into jason 's eyes .
sometimes i wonder if there 's something wrong with your taste buds , jossy .
there were buds on the twigs that lined the branches , she could swear .
she focused on the tree , searching out the tiny buds .
it looks like a giant flower bud . ''
he flicked a finger across her bud and her hips jerked .
the green shoots around the foundation had lengthened and grown yellow buds .
you must gather the buds of this flower and grind them into a powder .
it took some time , for he had only the light of the moon to search by , but eventually he had gathered enough buds to grind them into a powder .
` ` i believe they are buds . ''
spasms wracked her as he thrust and thrust again his tongue into her body , while his finger worked over her bud .
he worked insistently at her bud , splaying his hand possessively over her cunny as he came inside her .
i was nipping that little problem in the bud right now .
cozy and tucked back from the main road , carino 's tempted her taste buds the moment she stepped from the car .
poor mrs . sweeny lost many buds that year .
poor mr . sweeny must not have any taste buds left .
most of the solitary - diamond , traditional two - band settings did nothing for her taste buds .
her taste buds sang and her stomach did a happy dance .
already her ni**les pebbled to tight buds and her body hummed .
it grew into a tight bud , much like hers did when he touched her .
he had a baseball cap on his head and one ear bud slid toward his left ear .
it 's stupid and dangerous to play games with tarin right now , so the smart thing to do is nip this noxious weed in the bud before it grows up and strangles us both .
` ` i 'll take a bud on your next trip by , '' said mack .
now that teagan , my best bud in all the land , has her own apartment , i actually have options .
he smelled her cream , and he had felt the tight buds of her ni**les .
we watched as new leaves came out of new buds on the branches .
i ' m supposed to go for a run with bud , that maniac . ''
i pout petulantly as i plug my ipod ear buds in , listen to snow patrol , and sit down at my small desk to re - read the contract and make my comments .
i pull my ear buds out and freeze .
he leans across me , inserting the ear buds gently into my ears , and puts the ipod down somewhere on the bed above my head .
jack hands me a bottle of bud .
they 're best buds now .
i turn down my ipod and take out an ear bud .
` ` these ear buds are fine . ''
` ` you say that now , but if you ever use wireless ear buds you would know it 's not true . ''
i nodded and slipped the ear buds out of my ears .
i needed to nip this in the bud and fast .
the moment the chicken salad hit my taste buds i moaned .
i think he and your daddy are about to go at it over where the bud light keg should go . ''
the gravy was creamy and peppery , and my taste buds were singing praises to the gods of southern cooking and whoever had thought of and perfected the combination of grease , flour , and milk .
he licked my nipple , coaxing it into a tight bud while he stroked his thumb over my other one .
whenever he walked away , i saw shoots and buds on the trees .
it was barely there at all , but in the hint of its existence it was as fragile as night blossoms - not too sweet but just enough , like the dew on a requiem bud in the palest hour of dawn .
let 's nip this in the bud right now .
the needle had stopped , stuck halfway through a brilliant red bud in the pattern , the color of blood against the white smock .
it was ; still chilly until the sun got high , but fresh , and dizzy with the scents of grass , resin - fat buds , and early catkins .
it was remarkably beautiful , though , in a chiaroscuro sort of way ; the fading light somehow made each barren twig stand out in stark contrast to the air , the swollen buds still sleeping but rounded , balanced on the edge between winter 's death and the life of spring .
' do i need to talk to bud about you causin ' trouble ? '
maybe i should ' ve nipped it in the bud sooner , because now travis maintains that trip is a true friend and i ' m afraid to push too hard to get trip out of his life .
on that petulant note , travis pushes ear buds into his ears and starts scrolling through his phone for music .
reflexively , my ni**les furl into tight buds , thoughts of his mouth on me bringing about a very physical reaction .
but for some reason , this single bud speaks more clearly than anything else has .
i ca n't remember a lot of what happened , so ... '' she trailed off , effectively nipping any subsequent questions in the bud .
i put my ear buds in and picked out angry white female music to listen to while i flipped through my stanford brochures .
dropping back onto my knees , i place my mouth over one flat nipple , flicking it with my tongue until it forms a tight bud , then sucking it into my mouth .
my taste buds are working well enough for me to be sure of that .
she pulled out her ear buds .
the tips of her breasts poke against her dress , and the material is just thin enough that i almost make out a tantalizing glimpse of her areolae and the hardening buds of her nipples .
a phoenix rising from the bud of a flower .
but i was in there one afternoon , looking for spring bulbs , and she came up behind me smelling of freesias , and before i knew it there i was , as tumescent as a new bud ... ' ' okay , dad .
i talked to him : about the vineyard , how frank had said the first buds of this year 's growth were about to show through , and that some supermarket buyer had made a special trip to see him all the way from perth because he 'd heard how good his wines were and wanted to stock them .
buds burst from brown branches , perennials forcing their way tentatively through the dark , claggy soil .
had to nip that in the bud real quick .
with ear buds jammed in his ears , jake was the least restless of the guys .
` ` a bud on tap , '' gabe replied , while giving the waitress his best sexy grin .
his taste buds are completely shot - an unfortunate side effect of the cancer .
i think it may have scorched my taste buds . ''
the first bite exploded on my taste buds .
his head lowered and without warning he began sucking on my breast , his tongue circling my nipple , his teeth lightly grazing the peak , drawing it into a hardened bud .
nipped this one in the bud . ''
i walk behind the reception counter , ready to grab the box we collect all the lost ear buds and lifting gloves in .
alexander asked as he drove down the familiar streets of mystic , the barren trees beginning to bud .
the lemon lime flavor of the soda was like heaven for my taste buds and i gulped half of it before having to stop and belch .
my taste buds stopped working anyway when emmie pulled her sleep pants off and tied her hair back with a black band .
` ` interesting story , '' nik said as he handed me a bottle of bud .
my taste buds exploded while my heart was beating against my chest as if it were trying to claw its way out of me and into him .
fortunately , the biting spices in the pakoras kept her eating slow , although the whole glass of lassi was gone after only a moment , every ounce of mango goodness coating najimas taste buds .
rachel and marianne are best buds , but that friendship is new , not completely comfortable and there are speed bumps .
i hope pre - processed meatloaf will ignite your deprived taste buds , she said , and tossed her coat over a chair ; how about a drink ?
let 's just cut to the chase : it 's clear that fister perry desperately wants to nip this third eye business right in the bud , before derringer or anyone else has a chance to raise the ante .
uncle sam is the biggest drug pusher in the history of civilization , and the very thought of a healthy drug - free populace is intolerable , and must be nipped right in the bud .
' it 's almost like they 're a different species , ' added craggy , swilling the beer around in his mouth hoping his taste buds would survive the experience .
the three of us met through the internet and have been best buds ever since .
` ` i propose sending a welcome party out to meet this head on , see if we ca n't nip it in the bud before it even gets here . ''
he carried out a dna test on each and every crew member , taking a swab on a cotton bud from each of their mouths .
he sucked on the cigar , letting the sweet tasting smoke roll over every individual taste bud .
of course one minute later she would start talking to the cats about the double bound modifications to the axillary buds of agastache anisata and the timed germination rates for levisticum officinale , technical details strangely mixed with cute pet names for the felines and description of traditions and superstitions from her childhood .
some kids might have developed an extra set of arms , or proudly displayed the bud of a chulupean tail waiting to fully sprout .
izzian would never be best buds with enot , he was sure of that .
she punched up some death cab for cutie on her ipod and lodged an ear bud in one ear , then flopped on the couch with a paperback copy of a stephen king thriller .
as he nibbled each piece their tastes overwhelmed his buds .
they were buds all the way .
angela adores it , and you re using her taste buds .
the aroma playfully toyed at his taste buds and made the air feel so clean in the dying rays of sunlight .
veck smirked as well even though she did not have taste buds .
it was a very big bud like structure with green leaf like coverings opening only to take in their food .
` ` what would prevent your hacker buds , or the assassin from finding my grandfather 's previous implant and hacking the data from that ?
she smiled to herself as she shoved the ear buds into her ears and then hit the play button on her phones music player .
he could speak to her inside her head while she had one ear bud in her ear , listening to her music .
on her dry tongue , keryn noticed an unusual tang to the air , which triggered her taste buds .
my taste buds seem to remember even if i do n't .
a bud unfurling petals ? ''
` ` well , little bud ?
` ` the scars of battle , little bud ? ''
kher noticed that all the naked trees that made up a part of this huge forest were in leaf or in bud , the air breathless and surprisingly chill .
refresh your taste buds .
) , and something to do with lower gravity affecting the taste buds , but they d mostly overcome those things by the time we came on board .
` ` we nip it in the bud .
` ` yes , a lack of taste buds certainly leads to an interesting meal . ''
buds blossomed into leaves of green - yellow .
the crowds walked in and out of the enormous flowers that towered like closed tulip buds .
she stood before a flower bud that loomed over us , thin and straight , pale with thick petals and an austere air .
we wound through the flower petals , turning towards the center of the bud .
we arrived at the center of the flower bud .
the flower blossomed , a stark contrast to the buds around it .
a single column of light fell from an opening in the ceiling where the petals parted slightly at the tip of the bud , unwrapping in the beginning of a bloom .
well just have to nip that it the bud , now wo nt we ?
a hesitant louis placed the foul smelling root into his mouth , upon chewing for a moment the full disgust of the taste covered the taste buds on his tongue .
it sent my taste buds dancing , and i forgot about pacing myself .
so i slammed down that wall , that shield in my mind , in a desperate attempt to nip the affection in the bud .
but mrs . remington , the leech , had to have been on a joint text account with her husband , and had seen fit to nip this liaison in the bud before it even started .
the low gravity of ganymede also seems to have affected our taste buds because we use lots of spices .
this - is beth , her bud .
tark saw in this an opportunity to nip a problem in the bud .
it would be good to nip that in the bud ; a show of force and a disincentive to the next one to try .
its like someone put an ear bud in my ear from music .
flower buds pushed up towards the sun , filling rapidly once freed from their subterranean prison .
despite his misgivings , the gelatinous substance tasted incredible , saturating his taste buds with a savory , smoky flavor that hammond positively loved .
your taste buds are a little more active now than they used to be , hammond .
before tony could get started , graham needed to nip this in the bud .
the birds are bouncing between branches in the trees still bare from winter , just starting to bud .
if the mission was to nip the police in the bud , before they could even know they would need reinforcements , these were not ostensibly helpful .
simone ripped the ear bud out of her ear and threw it against the ground .
so i called my buds at the fbi and they said they were on the case but could nt talk about it yet .
my two buds managed to dodge the cops and the curfew and got together at our old secure meeting place , mystic vista .
i nod , craving more food as my taste buds become needy .
for the part that i did taste , it was mind blowing to my taste buds .
oscar 's bus seat remained painfully empty , except for a couple of crushed bud cans that nobody could bring themselves to throw away .
elizabeth was delighted to discover and point out to the rest of the team that blackened branches were visibly healing with new bark , and broken limbs were sprouting back , including fresh buds that promised new green leaves .
there , he and his buds would compare the hazards of war , such as the joystick jamming or someone burning the coffee they drank by the gallons to stay alert .
you take some buds off the valley druggies , you d be fertilizer soon enough .
it was necessary to adjust your taste buds to react negatively to alcohol , explained the voice .
although , cletus taste buds were still functional , he could consume quantities of liquids and food materials , if desired .
mona taste buds immediately alerted her that something was wrong .
he was n't kidding when he told her there was trouble brewing , trouble only she could deal with and nip in the bud .
i am looking for potential threats and nipping them in the bud . ''
mother would nip this one in the bud later that day .
` ` trying to nip a problem in the bud . ''
many had ear buds and several talked animatedly on cell phones , pouring all their emotions into unseen issues , ignoring what was right around them .
the sweet juice of a red fruit swam on her taste buds as she bit into it .
the pancakes taste amazing as they interact with my taste buds , tingling my senses as i shove them down and complete the meal with a glass of fresh milk .
i thought i heard voices , she said , hand poised as she held an ear bud in her hand .
i asked cutty , you okay , bud ?
she was disappointed the cherry blossoms were nt in bloom yet , though she could see the tightly wrapped buds on the branches .
when in bloom its flowers echoed the reddish soil and their pendulous , translucent buds could almost be mistaken for one of the ubiquitous pieces of ceramic art that embellished the grounds of every home on their island .
check out the hot pepper patch , your beast has no taste buds !
purple were quirky beings ; one moment they were in awe of human beings ' taste buds and the dragons ' ability to fly and the next they became filled with disdain for the humans ' inability to process concepts of quantum physics so advanced the latter did n't even know existed , not to mention try to understand them .
it was lead crystal and totally illegal , even if the bud was nt , and the liquid inside was chartreuse absinthe .
little white rose buds began to sprout from the plant .
there was also an assortment of drinks ; half a bottle of glenfiddich single malt whisky , four bottles of bud , an unopened bottle of red wine and some lemonade for the kids .
he took a swig of his bud .
i nipped it in the bud by killing him , he said while squeezing his small finger .
` ` we need to nip this in the bud .
small buds began to bloom into flowers on the tips of the branches .
a single bud emerged .
from the branches and twigs of fallen wood scattered about , a small bud sprouted on the center of the island .
as they shifted to darkspace , in her mind 's eye , she caught a glimpse of a small bud and the serpent that guarded it .
he had made bud a lot of money , and he worked as a sub - contractor so bud could work him as many hours as he wanted without having to pay overtime .
told me to stop being so damn nosy , and he 'd call bud up the city tomorrow to see what was going on . ''
not the flimsy types that he used to install for bud , but the heavy duty ones .
time to nip this in the bud .
an explosion of smoky beef flavor , sauerkraut , mustard , relish and ketchup assaulted her taste buds .
gladys nipped the disorder in the bud with a sibilant shhh !
eduard takes out the ear bud from his ear and puts it in the box he carries .
just as the anger started to bubble up , a firm hand seized him by the shoulder and nipped his rapidly rising fury at the bud .
he picked up a bottle of bud and shook it .
he takes a quick sip of his latte and jumps as if he s just singed the taste buds off the surface of his tongue .
` ` my taste buds and my expanding waistline also thank you , sandeep . ''
we must nip an alien attack in the bud !
we can be buds without you worrying that i m gon na flip out on you , right ?
she saw an opportunity to nip the problem in the bud , and hopefully set some things straight .
they were still edible , but the nutmeg was too strong , it almost overwhelmed my taste buds , nearly drowning out the other tastes .
messes your taste buds up .
the thorns might prick and tear my skin , but i ca nt let go because the beauty of the bud has me entranced .
he tapped his ear bud .
mike heard it over his ear bud .
mike pulled out his ear bud and handed it over to murphy .
the food tasted fantastic , with flavors that exploded across his taste buds .
rob reached into his pocket , pulled out his ear bud , and put it in his ear , hey murph , do you know how to use the visual functions on the mech armor .
nell did nt fancy men much , except as buds , and cillian had plenty of potential bedmates but was in a position to need all the true friends that he could find .
vinograd had made a taste - smell classification based on enzyme inhibition patterns within the taste buds .
the blaster has no ignition bud and can not be used . ''
it was as though taste buds had suddenly been invented and inserted in his tongue .
if he could trust memory and allow for the power of youthful taste buds , his mother 's chicken soup , when it was n't dulled by repetition , was far superior .
i ' ve added a couple of dozen different mycogenian taste buds to very small glasses of different shapes and the children try them one after the other to see which taste best .
she made a face , as if fifty years of her own bitter tea was finally hitting her taste buds .
a few quilts hung on the walls - probably donations from elderly patrons - and flowers and plants sat lined up beneath them , their buds peeking out in the spring weather .
the tleilaxu had taken cells from his dead flesh and they had grown a bud in one of their axlotl tanks .
he held up a couple of them - one looked like a headphone bud , and the other a tooth .
as my bud nyk says , life makes victims of us all . ''
he 's my best bud in the universe .
new trees growing , old trees recovering , squirrels dashing through the blackened pine needles , green sprouts and buds all around .
but mostly he can tell that she sees them as lifelong buds , nothing more .
while his buds all stand below and yell and shake their decks at him .
some of the buds do n't like it , ` ` hey , leave ' i m alone , hey , he 's a little kid , '' but billy is thinking , fuck it .
joins his buds .
many of the buds were split , trailing out their vines like thick green tongues .
when she collected a memory of a person , she was snipping free a bud of their soul , and she cultivated and grew it on the page .
the stand displayed an indoor vine - bud , one bred to remain open ; a few conelike flowers climbed up from its vestigial shell .
neal croskey , who was sitting in the back of the room listening to his ipod while ms . paulson lectured , pulled the buds from his ears and wondered aloud why the music had died .
` ` not done , but i could use a cheeseburger and a bud . ''
i must not have noticed the buds . '
all those tiny organs like buds inside .
there was a sixteen - ounce can of bud between his legs and a half - empty case beside him .
it rots the guts and spoils the taste buds .
they blamed themselves for not having nipped her fascination with the police force in the bud when it first began to manifest , more or less at the same time that she began talking .
` ` it 'll never replace a cold bottle of bud .
the pair in the second trimester were already developing their wing buds .
they varied in size from little minnows to larger monsters with leg buds starting to develop .
while he had been recuperating , mcknight had taught him the value of honing his mind as well as his body , putting him through an academic boot camp that was tougher than his buds training to become a navy seal .
i think i saw a bud in the fridge . ''
` ` a simple word with a world embedded inside , like a bud waiting to open . ''
exploding against his taste buds .
spring came grudgingly that year , spattering us with frequent rain - showers and an occasional snow - squall , but things eventually began to dry out , and the trees and bushes started tentatively to bud .
i want to come up with some arguments to nip that in the bud . '
leaves appeared first , and then the tips of the twigs swelled into buds .
when the buds opened , each new rose was of a different color .
the tips of all the myriad twiglets swelled , and then those buds began to split , revealing their pale lavender interiors .
` ` it has oak buds in it and it tastes absolutely vile . ''
it was a crystal wren , wings half spread , and it was perched on a leafy twig with buds at its tip .
he spoke again , and the tips of the branches swelled and began to bud .
he glanced quickly at aunt pol , but she seemed absorbed in examining the buds on a rosebush .
she hugs me like were best buds , squeezing tight .
i view the new grass greenletts , tiny green bushes , new green tree buds , and several forms of baby wild life on the dark brown fertile ground between the green trees , and blue skies , feeling happily the life growing on the branch limb .
i flash present mentally that ty is nt present with his best bud rann .
i eye scan the room with sliver diamonds while downing the cold milk into my pink - painted lipstick observing jealousy as rann over on the other side of the big auditorium chats with his best bud ty , his best noble tok , and his loyal noble ira and other pretty noblettes ( wives of nobles ) .
i place a small piece of the steak inside my mouth as the juices tinkle my taste buds with pleasure but not as much as rann does and comment .
mojo slows down to a canter then paces into a trot as bucky follows and strolls into a walk as the horse breathes heavy and pure the new air molecules from the gently woodland breeze upon seeing the tiny fresh buds of green grass mojo suddenly stops and drops his lips to the tender grass for a snack .
ash man - pulls the short sofa towards the wall from the upcoming fiery candles agreeing that josh could burn the house down if not properly supervised by his bestest buds then soldierly stands , wiping the small amount of sweat from his forehead .
each contains a box of plastic doctor gloves , scissors , a huge variety of different shaped plasters , some bandages , a sling , some disinfectant , headache tablets , painkillers , safety pins , an instructions booklet , antiseptic wipes , cotton buds , a collection of pills , an instant ice pack and a few bottles of pills with names i can not pronounce plastered onto them .
sarah watched the bright buds of light that spat from the kindling .
when his look dropped away from me and joined the all guys cluster around him , i spied on for a minute before checking out the rest of his group of buds .
there were no leaves on the tree , although the buds were beginning to swell .
he lies on his bed , ear buds stuck in his ears , his ipod resting on his stomach .
heidi mostly stares out the windowlike alwayswith a bored expression , ear buds in her ears , music blaring .
maybe you still need a day or so to adjust to your taste buds .
unfortunately , my taste buds were in a losing battle with the broader feeling of emptiness i felt in the pit of my stomach .
i thought you two were good buds now ? ''
brad stares hard at a guy nervously twiddling the cap of his bottle of bud .
the guy with the bud .
the guy with the bud looks up , squeaks out his reply .
its yummy , it will fill your taste buds with its sweet nectar .
the cord from my ipod snagged the angels head , yanking the buds from my earsthe ipod went flying from my hand .
he wanted it this way ; knew i was the only one on the team who d sit there with the undead all night while he and his buds drank beer in the car waiting for us to come out of goudas .
here is the root of the root and the bud of the bud and the sky of the sky of a tree called life , which grows higher than the soul can hope or mind can hide , and this is the wonder that 's keeping the stars apart .
here is the root of the root and the bud of the bud and the sky of the sky of a tree called life , which grows higher than the soul can hope or mind can hide , and this is the wonder that 's keeping the stars apart .
my taste buds have never been so happy .
he laughed at that last part but for some reason his story about amy came to mind and i wanted to nip this in the bud immediately .
the succulent strawberry released fresh juice on her taste buds , and she could not help but praying that it tasted as good to navadar as it did to her .
slowly buds began to form on the tree .
the buds blossomed into beautiful flowers of soft pastel colors .
i had to nip that thought in the bud .
my ipod , thankfully , is still in my pocket , so i turn it on , jamming the buds into my ears as i let corey taylor scream the lyrics of people = shit into my ears .
i roll over to my side , tugging my ipod from beneath my pillow and stuffing the buds in my ears .
some of the guys in the band wo nt be there , so i need my best drinking buds there .
the two of us had a huge fight about her hogging the bathroom and using up my tube of mascara the day she left and now we were supposed to be best buds .
limbs now twisted and curled out of every nook and cranny , each one bursting with new buds , and the bark had rolled and folded upon itself , forming scales as hard as turtle shells close to the floor .
in the course of those few short hours the tiny acorn buds had grown to size !
the sun came through new buds on the trees , but spring was still fighting the winter chill .
were my taste buds crazy ?
my taste buds pulsed .
it was said that the sugars were distilled and crystallised from the newest buds formed at the very apex of the llasa trees , and this cetra knew to be true ... . because she had been there ... .
we could ve been buds .
the smells welcomed him first ; the rose buds of spring and winters thick narcissus ; the dusty scent of autumn leaves and the pungent crispness of orange blossoms ; and somehow above it all the unmistakable tingling of sunshine entering his body like warm syrup .
its bud pratts emergency line .
that was buds idea .
i 'd like , if possible , to nip this in the bud .
student , caretaker she had been to this great man ; for decades watching him measure elements precisely in his alchemy , showing the perfect bud to prune for a glorious season to come , rolling pastry to wrap summer fruits , the firm hold it took when one of his cherished pressed by him to chase the garden squirrels .
i m the tiny bud that that holds within it all of creation .
i kept my ear buds pressed firmly in my ears as i packed .
i ripped my ear buds out and ran down the hall .
sure , why do nt we become buds now ?
my taste buds are practically in heaven or would be if my mind was nt in hell .
even from far away i was sure i could see the buds .
they burst and spewed tiny green and orange buds everywhere .
zoe and i had been great buds since preschool .
he s your best bud , and you dis him ?
remembering how it was when he had walked in : trees covered by shrubs , buds of white , red , and purple flowers bordered the path , with small bushes scattered under every tree like children gathered around their grandfather for a treat .
and like a running stream of water tunneling its way to its source across a desert , the white and green colors ran along the length of the roots , swirling around the white marble pillars of the gate until it reached their bases , crowning both pillars with jasmine buds .
jasmine buds sprang up , and the three roots were covered with shrubs and flowers .
in its place , buds of jasmine appeared , opening up to a full bloom .
brians father popped his ipod ear buds out of his ears and sat in the chair opposite brian .
sami looked up from the pile of clothes she was sorting and popped out her ear buds .
sami yanked out her ear buds and hurried to the curb to wave at the car .
she exclaims , like we are best buds and our minds are in synch .
the taste was unlike anything shed ever had ; the flavors of every food she had ever enjoyed , and most certainly ones that she never allowed herself to indulge in assaulted her taste buds .
by the time they left the sweet store , everyone 's bags were plump with sugar - fruit drops , berry buds , taffy & toffee brother 's chews , caramel apples , and every type of truffle imaginable .
definitely hot , but as his taste buds opened , he stopped chewing .
i waved at him to get his attention and waited for him to take the ear buds out .
sun out , breeze in the trees , fresh lea - li buds and maybe a chewy triluly bulb dug up from a pod garden when they were n't looking .
hey , i m just looking out for my best bud in the whole world , right ?
a cool wave of spearmint exploded across his taste buds as he ran up the stairs to collect his brother .
tiny buds at the end of each pine limb promised an abundant pion crop later in the season .
he watched buds unfurling from a distant chestnut tree , and the delicate scent of blossom filled his nostrils .
if i all of a sudden become best buds with you when she s going after you ?
when she was done , the orange looked like it was covered in brown buds .
kara walked through the door and immediately went to her bed and -with her ear - buds in place -began writing angrily in her journal .
the vine grew and wove around itself and soon small red buds formed on the ends of its stalks .
the buds quickly grew and took the shape of firm , luscious red tomatoes as beautiful as any she had ever seen .
` ` yeah , bud ? ''
mac put in his ear buds and sank onto the living room sofa .
all the winters snow had melted , but the ground and trees were still bare ( spring buds would nt come for a few more weeks ) , so everything looked dead .
her long , spindly fingers had small buds growing on them and her skin had a silvery sheen that was broken in places by black lines and knots .
the rest of the cake decorates in tightly bunched single pods of butter crme bright lavender roses buds wrapped in tiny vivid green butter crme vine leaves slapped by the hands of three - year old children in a weirdo pattern against the delicate pretty pure white butter crme icing all over different angles of the cake like someone failed their geometry test as i giggle with a girly twang during the happy birthday song .
at the cemetery , nalae plucked a single pink bud from the casket arrangement and tried to recall the sound of her mother singing the hymn amazing grace while she baked chocolate chip cookies in the kitchen , but she could nt remember the sound of her mothers voice at all .
the fresh minty taste tickles my taste buds , reminding me of the happy time of christmas .
her breast buds were so small that it worked .
they smell of sweeter times , carefree and energetic , a bud about to flower , an egg unhatched .
the colorful buds were everywhere , blooming from long chains of ivy that looked as if they had naturally overtaken the entire ballroom .
sara put in her ear buds and turned on her mp3 player .
sara stopped singing and pulled out her buds to locate the origin of the strange voices .
her taste buds were eager to taste orange juice .
then , he let his taste buds run wild as they tasted the delicious chocolate and marshmallow goodness .
caterpillars scaled the leaves and dragonflies zipped from one bud to another .
kiri stepped onto the soft soil and nudged away the log sheltering the wrinkly buds .
i was staring at a red rose , some of the petals were already opened , but mostly the flower was still a bud .
so i did nt know my best bud was into this kind of stuff .
a yellow rose bud appears then starts blooming into full petals .
all the seedlings into my flower pot pop into various colored rose buds forming a big bouquet of flowers , when i giggle and smile .
i changed , tied my hair up , did a few slow stretches , put in my ear buds and started a slow jog .
jez walked proud with his arm interlinked with jol 's , she looked fantastic as he escorted her to the gathering , he knew at some point he would have to lose her though as his taste buds salivated at the sight of the roasting deer .
did n't bring my buds . ''
i am impressed with the particular favor singing from my taste buds .
they re best buds .
i grumbled , even though to my new bat taste buds , the insect crunched and tasted pretty good .
ill ask my smart bud nimtarts .
they experience bouts of rage and fury when ticked off and engage in actions of direct vindication and bloody revenge for their buds and blossoms , unofficially rumored .
he s tarns best bud .
nimtarts is tarns best bud , male companion .
the little human - like males named tarn and nimtarts were seated together at the table then became inseparable as buds .
he is first prime and tarns best bud .
however my best bud tarn here knows more about the lecture sessions than anyone in this room .
the buds are inseparable totally .
got a good look at the bud , eh ?
what the hell was a bud ?
but what the hell , rejection is bitter in the taste buds .
it was plain to see the tug of war had begun , and radelle was thinking of how to nip it in the bud .
we had been the best of buds for longer than i could even recall .
i hesitate before pulling out my ear buds and fight the overwhelming urge to run .
well , anything exotic tantalizes my taste buds .
arriving at the doorway , looking into her place , i saw her sitting on the sofa , listening to music through ear buds .
as i entered the coffee shop , i ordered my usual , and then added the mixtures to satisfy my taste buds .
with my taste buds exploding , the tea tasted sweet but exotic and i smiled in appreciation .
so where d you get the bud ?
like a couple of buds or something .
she opened the makeup bag where she kept her stash and pulled a chunk off of a large bud , stuffing it into the bowl .
small plants had sprouted with tiny flower buds .
hey , for real , i made a good bud here .
as i put it in my mouth , i could taste the triple chocolate melt into my taste buds .
since the incident 3 years ago she never listened to music too loud anymore and only in one ear bud .
selah put her arms around his shoulder and squeezed him , you and me , thomas are always gon na be buds , no matter what , maybe you , me and daniel can hang out sometimes , what do you say .
then he started talking to me like were buds or something , and he has this whiny , little munchkin voice .
it was never too early to nip a would - be blackmailer in the bud .
i suppose there s a chance i m sorry , bud offered .
even ear buds did nt mute it .
that s right , matty , buds forever , he began writing his speech .
yeah , maybe she talks a lot about her situation , her health , her doctors , and her therapists with nance and charlie , her culture bud , and belinda , her fun friend , but what else is there to talk about ?
the chowder was simmering most of the morning , causing my taste buds to dance in my mouth with anticipation .
improvising , he securely taped a cotton bud to each side of the wound and had johnny pinch the sides of the wound together .
satisfied that the framework of plastic cotton bud shafts was holding the wound closed , he reinforced the structure with more medical tape before applying sterile dressings front and back .
to those with active taste buds , the elsinore lunch meals were always bland and flavorless .
being born without a soul had rendered her taste buds utterly stale .
she had a house white wine , pete had a bud and steve took a diet coke .
randy is sitting at the counter after having drunk too much , and is nt sure if he should go back to the pioneer bar for a bud , or stay here and have another cup of joe .
were not joking bud .
first call is a good old fashioned gun shop ; here we go : buds gun shop in down town bridge water township , family owed since 1952 : bloody wonderful .
only use it to re - cycle their buds even if you could find it under their beer pots .
look , i m sorry i m late , ivan said , pushing the hot chocolate back away from him.after what he just experienced , he did not want anything to do with anything ... except a phone call to his best bud , chad .
* the beans and bacon bubbled with the rising steam tempting cathy 's taste buds .
slowly he filled his mouth allowing his taste buds to savour and judge .
nothing ever went right for me in that shop , and me and pastry shops were usually best buds .
she rolled the sticky buds back and forth in the paper , and stopped for a moment to put a couple of crumbs that had fallen back into the joint .
well , thanks bud .
by the way , where s my other two buds ?
my buds around me were scrambling .
let me guess , she continued drily , you would ve preferred something like butch or bud .
what s wrong with bud and butch ?
then plucking a petal from the bud , he reverently brushed one nipple , then the other .
they should have nipped the whole mess in the bud .
the lightening of the days after the lock - down of drab winter brought forth birdsong and leaf buds , and in the midst of this awakening brought forth unrest in the south london refugee camps .
two bourbons and a bud back .
a bud , he told her .
his taste buds were screaming at him for having ordered coffee .
perhaps the crash affected my taste buds .
the rich , sweet , heavily alcoholic beverage fired his taste buds and ignited his need .
vodka and a couple ounces of bud from seths hydroponics .
i m just gon na head back for the house , take one of my old chill pills , gather up some bud for huxs stupid barn party .
he tapped his ear bud and contacted his employers .
you got a point there bud .
were just training buds .
if that s going to be an ongoing situation , then we might have to nip it in the bud .
her fingers ran along the windowsill creating tiny flowering buds .
coax an older kid to buy me a couple penthouses and a case of bud ?
ill just have a bud light .
ear buds hooked up to her ipod , giving the perfectly synchronized illusion that the television was not on mute .
` ` a bud , '' pat replied .
we were walking through the workers park just off chang an and some early buds were beginning to show on a few of the trees .
do you risk copiers to improve your chance of getting the original shooter , or do you nip the copiers in the bud and risk losing the link you have with the guy you re after ?
geeza though just took a long swig of his bud .
` ` they are being encouraged by rogue clerics to adopt extremism , 7/7 being one example and the numerous other plots that have thankfully failed or been nipped in the bud , due mainly to their amateur planning .
we slowly made our way back to the waiting room , where i found mandy and ethan chatting up a storm like they were best buds .
there seems to be er some alternative scenarios , that we just need to nip in the bud , replied planner cautiously .
pavan went to the fridge and nabbed a cold bud .
popping the bud in my left ear , i hit play .
thumbing the ear bud deeper into my ear , some nasally woman was talking about southwestern foliage .
i seen you with like one or two other buds before , tops .
rhyllanns taste buds cramped in alarm .
a bud .
i remember the first sip like yesterday , it hit my taste buds like lightning and filled my whole being with a sense of , i do nt know , romance ?
he was close buds with kevin , his wife , and kids .
we ve been reading the buds on the fig trees for some time now and praying for something like the mark to show up .
i pull out my ear buds and stop .
i quickly turn around and headed directly to the kitchen before my taste buds explode , the future of civilization will have to wait .
as his best bud mike puts it , private investigation just got savage .
it was nt bitter but sweet , like a fleck of sugar was hitting his taste buds .
only one bud left .
of course , because that s how they rolled , thirty - eight guys all in this thing as a team , you drop a banana peel and its not some stranger who lands on his ass , but one of your buds .
stuffing the ipod ear buds into his ears , frederec followed his sister up the stairs .
i guess my manly taste buds are different than your sissified ones .
we are under the impression that folks on the scene nipped it in the bud and that the death toll will not rise any further than that .
i m afraid this is something we just ca nt nip in the bud .
they chose to nip it in the bud .
myra had clearly noticed other shortcomings , as she told me you should deadhead the flowers every day , you know , and that bush is going to be in serious trouble unless its sprayed ca nt you see all these aphids on the buds ?
the moonlight penetrated through spring buds just enough for me to navigate past obstacles .
number eight , that s you bud .
the juice exploded out of his mouth , and his taste buds also exploded .
no nipping in the bud before it unravels , unless there is absolute knowledge there is no place for it on earth .
i reached for the ear buds before remembering the gloves , so i smacked myself upside the head at the same time i knocked the buds out of my ears .
this time the garage door was closed and my pissed - off - at - the - world station on spotify played on the speakers , not my ear buds .
i grabbed two bud bottles from the bar fridge .
i chugged the coffee down in three gulps and if i had nt killed off all my taste buds with last nights load , i might have thought the coffee hot .
can i get a vodka cranberry and a bud ?
were becoming best buds again .
dressed in a long sleeve , white lycra running shirt and black jogging pants , she turns on her ipod and slips it inside the pouch on her armband , then pops in the ear buds .
just thinking about the upcoming battle , whet the taste buds that surrounded the sharp teeth that lined my serpent - shaped mouth .
he picked out a rosebush with peach buds , placing it in the floor of the passenger side .
parking his long - neck bud on a window sill , danny decided it was as good a time as any to start his real mission .
everything was part of their fishing ritual , including the ice cold buds they were now drinking , and the late lunch patou 's wife was now preparing for them in the kitchen in the back of the store .
i pulled another bud out of the refrigerator , lit up a smoke , and took it easy on the couch .
i shuffled to the refrigerator , and pulled out a couple of cold buds while she turned on the radio .
matt answered , we need a couple of beers pop , a bud for my father here , and a miller for me .
or had his lifestyle at arkane nipped any relationships in the bud .
before roxanne could answer his question chris noticed a hush over the remaining crowd as his high school bud ushers someone of his own race into chris home .
a tantalizing pizza smell wafted through the air and excited the taste buds of anyone who could smell it .
i remember because i was down on the dock with a towel and a smith corona and a bud and a few sheets of paper .
well , the can of bud was there too , but it was pretty much gone .
the can of bud was gone .
in the spring pocket were two robins and a nest and gaping mouths and red worms and pink buds and white clouds .
merrill hunched over his bud , well , its killing his career .
now though , a death in the town brings its own pressures not nipped in the bud it can lead to panic , overreactions , further regrettable acts .
her tongue was rough with taste buds , but with that same , strangely wet texture as her eyes .
my buds tested the taste ; it had that slight hint of mint or something metallic about it .
i held my nose internally shut as i drank , preventing the bitter liquid from reaching my taste buds .
its also quite a compact business model in terms of client contact : all that s required on the clients side is a swab of cheek cells , collected by rubbing a cotton bud inside the mouth , which is then sent off in an envelope to the companys scientific headquarters .
chapter forty eight nursing a bud lite at mr . smith 's , alexa leafed through the notebook bobby had sheepishly presented to her .
farther along the lush greenery lined the road , so close the leaves and buds brushed the car mirror .
shouted out from the crowd , ` ` four buds , love ! ''
` ` buds , right . ''
leona orders a couple of buds and pays .
the chequerboard tile - work path is cracked and overgrown with tufts of new grass , the pale , washed - out petals of long dead hydrangea flowers and the straggling , early season buds of pink campion .
chapter 63 dr . jordan always liked to be home the first few days after a new recruit moved in , as sometimes unexpected problems occurred that needed to be nipped in the bud .
no doubt his taste buds had an insurmountable difficulty negotiating between the spearmint and the french roast flavors , the fight for dominance clouding his better judgment .
just two delicate buds clinging to a stem .
odd no reason for his buds at the bureau to be involved , and they certainly had more tact than to show up at a funeral for questioning .
when he d first started the duplicate file , it was under the auspices of running it over to his buds at the bureau to see if there were any connections between his case and one of theirs .
they sat at the bar , ordered bud , and watched the breasts .
` ` me and bud . ''
jake left the hospital after midnight with bud still alive but everyone pessimistic .
she was dancing in the rain , singing songs of the ages , peeking out from behind the bud - filled branches as if to remind langdon that the fruit of knowledge was growing just beyond his reach .
` ` my goal is to present this data in so incontrovertible a way that any cynicism is nipped in the bud .
the flavors coated every taste bud in his mouth and made him chew as slowly as possible .
reacher struggled a little more upright and saw burke pointing at a small black bud on the driver's - side a - pillar up near the sun visor .
so , not unlike the gourmet , with his jaded palate , i now seek only the highly spiced , the sharp impact on the taste buds , mental as well as physical , the tickle that is truly exquisite .
the small pink pads were like the buds of some multiple flower .
we live in the best of all possible worlds , so hand me a kent for my left , a bud for my right , turn on starsky and hutch , and listen to that soft , harmonious note that is the universe turning smoothly on its celestial gyros .
connor said , ` ` two buds . ''
` ` no bud .
` ` bud or bud light . ''
` ` bud or bud light . ''
the ale was still attacking his taste buds .
barr had a sixteen - ounce bud purchased from a convenience store .
` ` his taste buds were n't very acute .
your people may have provided us with the means to nip this nightmare in the bud . ''
` ` secretary of defense ervin reynolds halliday , known as bud to everyone who kisses his ass .
' this problem has to be nipped in the bud ; there 's only one solution . '
no wonder bud needed me to take over . ''
in many ways he was the most dangerous man in american intelligence , not the least because he was backed by the immensely powerful e. r. ` ` bud '' halliday , the secretary of defense .
bourne dug out his passport and earbud , threw the passport to moira as he fitted the electronic bud into his ear canal .
i asked for a bud , and i paid about eight times its value .
to the right was a long saloon - type bar crowded with cowboys and cowgirls , all drinking bud longnecks .
the taste buds had been numb for hours .
drummond at first denied it ever happened , but kipler nipped that in the bud .
would you talk to my buds ?
me and my buds , i mean .
` ` i left a message on the answering machine at buds ' n blooms , '' i said .
the trees had wide trunks that narrowed to a cluster of leafless branches that ended in single star - shaped buds .
and , again , i wished for reginald 's presence , because he would have nipped this argument in the bud : he would have prevented what happened next .
` ` whatever his plans are , let 's nip them in the bud . ''
sean glanced over at the guy an old - timer with the herald spread out on the bar between a bottle of bud and a shot of whiskey , cigarette curling down into the ashtray .
angie said , ` ` two buds . ''
i remember the first time i became capable of observing outward objects with any kind of pleasure , i perceived that the fallen leaves had disappeared , and that the young buds were shooting forth from the trees that shaded my window .
the present season was indeed divine ; the flowers of spring bloomed in the hedges , while those of summer were already in bud .
actually , eshe acknowledged , it was n't that she 'd forgotten , but that the food had begun to lose its flavor after orion 's death , as if her taste buds had slowly died and left everything bland and uninteresting .
ripping the buds from his ears , he scowled at her furiously .
he suspected sometimes it was slow , growing like a sweet - smelling flower that buds and blossoms , but other times it could be fast .
his eyes widened as his taste buds burst to life .
carolyn cried out and tugged at her hands as his lips closed over her nipple , but he had a firm grip and kept it as he drew on the hard bud .
she was sitting up on one side of the king - size bed , wearing a thin baby blue t - shirt that did n't quite conceal the dark buds of her nipples or the shapely swell of her breasts .
he made slow lazy circles around her sensitive bud , torturing her until she wanted to scream with pleasure .
he pressed down against her small bud , as he slammed deeper and deeper , needing to hear those soft cries , to see her throat working convulsively and feel her body rippling with so much pleasure .
where there are blackened ruins she will coax small buds to life .
already new life was struggling to take hold , small buds pushing through the soil , seeking the moisture of the storm .
the rose flush to her body and the tight buds of her nipples .
i bite the inside of my mouth and the bitter taste of rust and salt floods my taste buds .
with a flick of his tongue he could make the tips harden into tight buds .
i sipped it , and tried to bluff my taste buds into thinking it was iced coffee .
sophronia was pretty certain she should try to nip that tendency in the bud .
i bite down on my tongue until blood floods my taste buds .
she knew the exact moment the sweet - and - sour flavors blended into his taste buds , knew the exact moment he wanted to howl with pleasure .
i do n't have taste buds , and alcohol does n't ... affect me . ''
i began to understand what life must be like for harkat and made a resolution never to tease him about his lack of taste buds again .
i hesitated , sniffing the air , my taste buds suddenly watering at a tantalizingly familiar scent ` ` is that coffee i smell ? ''
the tops of her breasts rode just above the surface , pink nipples hard as buds , surrounded in frothy white foam .
just like us , best buds .
she went on about how she and matt had a blast hanging out with the three of us , how we all could be best buds , and what a shame it was sebastian was going to leave .
all around , skeletal trees had halos of bright green , their tentative buds drawn out of hiding by the promise of warmer hours .
in the moonlight , the buds on the silver - trunked birches by the window had come out even farther , indicating the day had been a warm one .
okay , right , he might be desperate , but he still had taste buds , and that shit was nasty .
green as grapes and jade and spring buds .
she sank lower still , playing her tongue over the muscled slabs of his chest , teasing his male nipples into tight little buds .
he took a sip and grimaced as the bitterness attacked his taste buds .
she watched intently as he opened and closed his hand several times , revealing flower then bud , flower then bud .
or maybe it was sweet , and it was just my taste buds that were off , frozen by the fear that was continuously building deep inside .
if he 'd had the sense to squash hisfeelings for you in the beginning , the whole thingwould have been nipped in the bud . ''
imagine all those vamps with sad and miserable taste buds .
` ` it 's delicious , '' jenna murmured , her taste buds still vibrating with bliss .
the very idea of something sweet and silky filling her mouth , coating her taste buds and sliding down her throat to her barren stomach , was threatening to make her drool like a baby .
your taste buds are more sensitive just like everything else .
elvi had lost interest in his words after the bit about taste buds being more sensitive just like everything else .
her hearing was ten times better , as was her physical strength and speed , but her taste buds too ?
she was just holding the cookie in her mouth , almost afraid to chew , but it was enough for her taste buds .
then he paused , his mouth working as his taste buds tasted .
so , she simply said , ` ` she 's obviously ill . perhaps her illness is affecting her taste buds somehow , like when you get a cold or flu .
be my bestest bud forever .
sometimes it helps to have no - taste buds , and a stomach capable of digesting - almost anything . ''
delicious meat pies that seduced the taste buds .
the sour taste stuck to my taste buds .
` ` i have no taste ... buds .
and it was like you were best buds last night outside the mansion . ''
` ` she 's not my best bud . ''
sucking the peak in bliss , he felt it stiffen and bud under his tongue .
like a five - year - old , i ' m distracted when they start to emerge , small buds at first which bloom into bones and feathers that shine like black silk .
not only were his taste buds drenched with blood , he felt like he was suffocating on it .
` ` he was probably prowling around with his buds and found some dumpsters with trash in them to sniff . ''
it 's like all the taste buds in my mouth are singing and dancing .
always on the lookout for stone or his buds to ambush him , nick jumped left and ...
there was a sharp intake of breath , and i had a vision of his nostrils flaring , sucking in the scents of the night and rolling them across his taste buds , sorting and categorizing them .
` ` this sucks , '' he muttered , pulling the buds from his ears and shoving the shiny green distraction into his backpack .
today it was even more charming with the fading april sunlight offering a hint of spring and the tiny buds beginning to appear on the trees and bushes .
dragging the cloth up and closing his lips over the tights buds .
saliva filled my mouth as the sharp bite of cinnamon tore through even my dulled taste buds .
i marveled at the juicy fruit flavor as my taste buds sprang into action .
i had wondered if my taste buds would even work .
heaven for your taste buds .
trees in various shades of brown and green stretched out as far as i could see , the new buds on their blossoming branches soaring up like they were growing into the clouds overhead .
` ` i concede that if i was paying attention , i would have nipped this in the bud .
a circle of thin sage - green stalks sprouted around him , each delicate two - foot - tall stem tipped with a narrow bud .
the buds split , opening into flowers , each with five intense blue petals .
i had to nip this in the bud .
the first sip exploded onto my taste buds like a liquid orgasm .
my eyes watered and my taste buds screamed , but i lifted my glass to acknowledge he 'd won this round .
he has fought shapeshifters in the past and they kicked his ass , so he wants to nip you in the bud .
the buds in the rest of atlanta were barely waking up .
the branches facing us shivered with narrow green leaves , still sticky from being rolled up in their buds , while the branches facing the forest were sheathed with bright green and clusters of long yellow threads , the oak flowers , busily sending pollen into the air .
just once i would ' ve liked to be there before this sort of shit happened so i could nip it in the bud .
the scent of blood flavored the air with a faint , coppery tang , probably tickling bones 's taste buds but doing nothing for mine because it was human blood , not vampire .
` ` now , you just stand by my buds while your friend and i get in this backseat . ''
how she 'd wanted to nip this potential threat in the bud , since it was by far the most dangerous one that she would ever encounter .
my snickering abruptly cut off , my own face wrinkling as a definite taste of fish - and maybe cheese - wrapped my taste buds in revulsion .
after a few breaths it became stronger as it settled over my taste buds .
now that the goats had become animated , power zapped over my tongue and sizzled my taste buds .
` ` those are your new and improved taste buds in action .
the courtyard kept changing , dazzling her with the flowers that bloomed between one day and the next , with the bare branches of trees that were swollen with the buds of new leaves and then fuzzed with green .
and if she had offered him hope , she needed to nip it in the bud , before it led to some irreparable damage .
nip things in the bud before things got out of control , if they were n't already out of control .
you know , be buds . ''
best buds forever !
or was she going nip this thing in the bud before ... before it was too late ?
the spicy mustard filled his taste buds and reminded him how hungry he really was .
chase almost spoke up right then and told the guy to take a hike or go hang out with his vampire buds , but another glance at mindy 's tight - lipped , squinty - eyed glare and he knew she would raise all kinds of hell .
sarah took her ear buds out and looked up from her lap .
though i still enjoy a good steak and pizza once in awhile , i do have taste buds after all .
she had never been a big fan of soup or tuna fish , but her rumbling stomach did n't care what her taste buds desired .
he knew he had to nip this in the bud now , but he did not wish to humiliate the girl .
finding a stone bench thrust under a small tree that had refused to sprout buds that spring , victoria sat and slid to the edge so she could watch the house .
taste came and went , the buds on his tongue dying like old soldiers : the victims of many decades of pipe smoking , a professor 's vice .
` ` never bottor , '' ho said , with a slight roll of his oyos , untangling his iped wiros and fitting the buds into his oars .
spring was barely beginning in the valleys as i flew over them , with trees starting to bud and a hint of green grass on the valley floors .
` ` now , '' i went on , ` ` while you may have been best buds with voltaire and all that , i ' ve seen his picture , that 's some hairdo he had going , by the way , i ' ve never met anybody important .
there were tight buds on nearby trees and just the hint of green on the ground surrounding the grave , but most of it was still brown grass .
the leaves are bright green with birth , the chestnut trees are clustered with pink buds , and the walkways are lined with lemon yellow tulips .
the root and bud ` ` come on , sam . ''
that this is the root and bud of it all , the beginning and the end .
i pulled the ear buds from my ears and set the magazine next to me on the bed when i heard the knock on my door .
something 's going on with my taste buds . ''
the smell of roasted meat teased my taste buds .
i can smell the blood from her wounds rising up into my nostrils and my pores and taste buds immediately open up to it .
both moons had slipped beyond the canopy of the trees , and the evangelines were falling silent as the requiem blooms closed their white buds for the night .
it happened overnight , and it drew from the emperor such howling wrath , such bloodcurdling unholy fury as to turn storms back to sea and blast the buds of the sycorax trees so they shed their mothwing blossoms unopened in the gardens of astrae .
chapter twenty - six ` ` here is the deepest secret nobody knows ( here is the root of the root and the bud of the bud and the sky of the sky of a tree called life ; which grows higher than the soul can hope or mind can hide ) and this is the wonder that 's keeping the stars apart i carry your heart ( i carry it in my heart ) '' -from ` ` i carry your heart with me , '' a poem by e. e. cummings , banned , listed in the comprehensive compilation of dangerous words and ideas , when i wake up again it 's because someone is repeating my name .
the water is icy cold , and smells fresh , as though it has carried some of the scents of its spiraling journey past stripped branches and tiny , new march buds .
the ground is hard and webbed with ice , although here , too , there is evidence of spring growth : small , curled buds of green , a few early flowers scattered among the dirt .
small green buds dotted some of them , but others were bare .
there were leaves on the trees now , not just buds but fat , summery foliage .
grabbing my ipod off the bed , i stick the buds in my ears before dropping the ipod into my pocket .
i pull the hear buds out of my ear and shove them into my pocket .
he took a sip from his coffee and my taste buds started drooling .
i have n't had one in a couple years , and my taste buds are begging for the chocolate .
fragile white buds grew from her scalp instead of hair .
the long handle was wrapped in vines , and the carved head of the scepter continuously sprouted flowers , buds , and tiny plants .
just because i rescued you from the jock and his goon does n't mean we 're buds now .
it shivered , and tiny buds appeared along the length of the wood , before unfurling into leaves .
she pulls out her iphone and shoves the buds in my ears , and as ani goes on about finding your voice and making it heard , i feel so frustrated with myself .
out of his bike basket he 'd pulled the rest of his spy kit : decoder scope , noise - enhancing ear buds , night - vision goggles , which he 'd let me try on .
i told him not to visit me in jail , so i do n't know if we 're still buds .
` ` going to wvu with the buds . ''
` ` dawson and i were never best buds , but he was always friendly .
of course suspicion blossomed along with the spring grass and tiny buds at school , because only one of the kids had reappeared and that had been dawson .
some smashed upon the stage , the fiery buds blossoming into fireballs , others fell into the crowd , and in the panicky uproar few heard the exit doors slamming and the metal rods ramming through the handles , sealing us inside .
` ` i thought you guys were best buds . ''
if so , by god , it must be nipped in the bud .
joel walked reverently into the room , feeling his memories tingle and shake , like taste buds encountering something both sour and sweet .
it 's the kind bud . ''
she raised the snickers bar to her lips and took that single small bite , feeling her teeth sink into it , feeling the flavor rush over her taste buds .
the trees were finding life again , the buds just beginning to open and the grass turning from brown back to green ; the entire city smelled like flowers and rain .
` ` they 're waiting for us , '' kiran snapped , spinning on his heel and stalking through the gardens , trampling wayward stems and delicate buds until he was face to face with a stone door obscured from view by thick climbing vines .
she plugged the ear buds into the ipod and handed me the left bud and i placed it into my ear and she did the same with the right .
a few buds of pollen had stained the upper right corner .
twins must not share the same taste buds .
why had n't she tried harder to nip it in the bud ?
this morning , before we left , she had the nerve to burst into my room and ask what we were wearing , like we were buds or something .
i do n't have much to miss back home but i ' m here with my best bud , bo randolph .
he nods to my brother like the two are best buds .
nipped those pesky emotions in the bud . ''
we 're not exactly best buds , phen and me .
i tentatively slip the buds into my ears .
we followed the white fencing for at least a couple miles before we came to an archway of trees covering a long drive , the spring buds just sprouting on the ends of the branches .
all delicious challenges to his taste buds , sparking micro - memories and forcing neural connections to accompany his acute senses of taste and smell .
as buds .
he and his buds talked about coming here for mardi gras , but it was always just talk 'cause none of them had the guts to get out of heartsdale .
` ` it 's not just taste buds that create a preference for flavors , '' he tells them .
i tipped my head back as the chocolate - covered walnuts danced over my taste buds .
we used to be buds when we were growing up .
pris pulls out her ipod and puts the buds in her ears .
* * * about an hour and a half later , aspen and sebastian are sharing an ipod , one of the buds in her ear and the other in his .
as the buds bobbled and swayed , jake stared for a second , half hypnotized .
keeping his distance with formal phrases like hold on to boundaries and nip it in the bud and still want you to like me as your teacher .
just as my bud ?
after sucking gel from orchid buds , her body odor had been magnified , transforming her into human insect repellant .
jason ripped off a bud and ate the gel .
i take one out and pop it into my mouth to get rid of the nasty taste of alcohol embedded in my taste buds .
as soon as she forced the door , she realized she was looking at a man cave : a place where a guy and his buds crashed to get away from the main house .
who will be my coffee bud ?
` ` this is my bud ace hightower . ''
the cool night air , scented with new leaves and buds , bit at my arms and toes , and some potent combination of the cool breeze and the wide , wide night quickened my blood and called to me .
adam pinched off a bud and turned the moist end of the stem to the other two boys .
good buds from , i do n't know , the old country or something .
` ` i ' ve always been straight with you and i respect the heck out of you and your knightly buds .
huge , twisted trees - dead trees , as far as liza could tell , with not a single stem or bud or branch that bloomed - spiraled into the mists that swirled above them .
i mean they are our friends , best buds , you get my drift .
some scent that alerted her taste buds and persuaded her to pick up the speed .
i ask casually as i pull out the ipod ear buds .
i can feel the skin scrolling back , the feeding buds rising from their chambers and throwing out flares of heat .
i said , jeff in due time , you filled in the missing pieces and i 'd like to maybe come up with a way to nip this thing in the bud .
i ate so eagerly that i knew i had found a great savoring taste to my taste buds .
she emptied her mind and filled her pockets with rocks , leaves , buds and flowers as she wandered the woods around her .
she studies the twig that gives birth to the thorn and sees where buds are struggling to break free into bloom .
we had decent cover and the additional protection of our electronic ear buds .
as the mixture of spice and flavor hit his taste buds , mike swore agreement with his friend 's assessment .
nip it in the bud ?
and to make it fair i have my brother here to help me since you have your bud , with ya as the stranger said this another 49 feet kid with green eyes and blonde hair appeared next to him as if he had come from the shadows .
she pushed the paper with the bud of her pencil towards me and i took it .
other times it was slow and steady the crocuses and daffodils pushing their buds up through the remaining thin snow searching for the watery sun , the ducks gingerly walking over the thin ice on the pond expecting to fall through any minutenot that they minded .
he touched his ear bud .
snow job could hear frostbites voice calling to him in his ear bud , but he was unable to reply .
snow job could almost feel the smug grin behind the mans mask as he reached down and took hold of the small cord , ripping out the ear bud and silencing frostbites calls .
the captain touched his ear bud and listened intently for a few seconds .
loc reached around the back of his neck until he found the comm bud that had become dislodged on impact .
sorry john bout your bud ... but the others ... theys sound real nice - penelopes like me , she wernt the marryin kind neither .
this meeting in the center of the room with the captain and bud is just the end of the beginning .
gabby had to return home after hearing bud , forrest and olive marie had been reported lost on the downed plane destined for mexico city .
how bout a couple of burgers and a couple of bud lites , leroy , lonnie joe ordered as he searched for the back room .
what will i talk about bud ?
forrest pulled his cell phone out and put in a call to bud and lonnie joe .
listen bud and lou had just turned onto west mockingbird lane heading for love field when lou remarked , bud you hear that ?
he could not sleep for worrying about bud and lou .
grandpa kept straining his eyes looking up the driveway for bud and lou , but alas , no one was coming .
after the shock of the bud discoveries , captain scarburg regained the podium and announced if they were through with their startling revelations he would begin his dallas briefing , and he did so for the next hour or so .
based on lou and bud at least one oswald lookalike had been identified , there could have been more .
and i thought it was just because were buds !
in the past couple of months they had not only become his friends , his buds , his pals , they were now his closest friends .
after a brief rest , and having found a few leaf - buds to nibble , she settled on a direction and began to make her way through the forest .
a rabbits tongue has about twice as many taste buds as ... dave interrupted raising his left hand like a traffic cop .
they moved in packs , searching for their next meal , and this one clearly had its taste buds set on me .
the flavor of the delightful nightcap she shared with dantes is still dancing on her taste buds .
the trees sprouted small buds and new grass peeked out from the moist soil .
the overwhelming sensation that greeted their taste buds was of concentrated air made out of various types of aromatic flowers .
with spring , just before new growth swelled in buds and twigs , she dug a trench around one tree , a different one each year .
bring us a coupla buds , linda , okay ?
whomever , rolf slugged down half a bud .
long dormant taste buds flickered back to life .
he had ear buds in his ears and his arms were crossed , an ipod in his right hand as he lazily ran his thumb over the front .
predictably , rex had treated steven with disdain , spending all but the takeoff and landing with the ear buds of his ipod jammed in his ears .
besides , he had those damn ear buds jammed in his ears anyway .
tall georgian sash windows beamed from deep red brick as tree branches in early bud danced over her head .
a flower with its deep lavender shade began to open as the moonlight touches each vibrant buds .
a drop of the liquid potion made the seed grow into a beautiful bud of some kind of flower .
she had made a dozen of golden floras with its glittering buds .
its bud was now as huge as the human fist and still , it continued to enlarge .
how long would it takes before those buds would open and killed every living creature of this world ?
the bud was now opening .
its bud began to open .
the opening bud and the music creates a wonderful atmosphere .
the taste buds and the brain are not on the same wavelength .
requested bud .
well if not you , i know bud can !
said a worried bud .
yelled a pumped up bud .
we all know this goes back to fonseca and you need to nip it in the bud right now .
sue came in and handed me a can of bud .
she leaned forward and stuck out her own tongue to taste and the moment his saliva hit her taste buds her eyes flew open .
i have a bud and nectar .
weird shafts of black light shot down from above , creeping along branches and trapping tiny wilting buds in dark , depressing prisons , adding an evil menace to the spooky scene .
the days had gotten increasingly longer and spring was in the air : melting snow , birds chirping , buds on the trees .
as tomika guided her to the seats at the departure gate , she looked back longingly at the patrons walking away from counter with containers holding big slices of pizza in their hands , and it more than heightened her urge for that salty and savory taste and that chewy and crunchy consistency to caress her taste buds .
the haunted forest bloomed as buds formed on the trees .
it was a bit like the one his mother had , except instead of hair curlers , cotton buds and tweezers , it had spark plugs , clumps of steel wool , and a pair of wire cutters lying on it .
i happened to see you at the flower shop around the corner eyeing this precious , unique color of orange buds .
the alcohol content was high enough that my taste buds simply crisped and died , expiring before they could send messages of bleak horror to my brain .
the cold was easing and there were new buds on the trees .
a deathly calm enclosed the entire countryside , in the twisting flickers of firelight an endless stream of snow could be seen plummeting down upon the frozen grass , blanketing the earth as the dispersing flower buds did in the warmest months of the year .
it 's almost april , the buds should be getting bigger .
brad walked slowly around to the back of the house where he knew he could find charlie and bud .
` ` you 're older than ginny , but your mother is married to bud now .
` ` is she still living with bud and yoshi ? ''
the deer will eat those buds , too .
you guys could probably use a bud heavy , eh ?
these two vile grownups conversed now as if they were bestest buds .
` ` i 'd rather nip this nightmare in the bud .
` ` i admit he 's a nice man but '' ` ` damn sight better than that bud sutton or even steve litchfield back home , '' fiona flushed .
the willows twigs are turning yellow and will soon be in bloom , the trees are in full bud , the birds are back rebuilding their nests , the fish are swimming upstream .
even some of the fire - damaged trees in the burned zone sprang new shoots , and the buds unfolded into young leaves .
ido was sent by her mother on an errand to collect certain buds for coloring skins , but lana did not to go with her because she did not want to get her hands stained .
when the gravy- covered bread hit his taste buds , his salivary glands went into overdrive .
sarge , after downing his last bud , had gone back on guard duty at the pbrs bow and was totally unaware of what just transpired .
tinker removed the empty bud can from his firm grip , threw a poncho over him and quietly speaking down to him said , yep , believe crazy is right , captain .
the brown envelope instructions contained cash , passports and information instructing them to stay at the boudreaux until contacted by bud or lou .
it felt cold as it hit the back of my throat , then the tang of the chemicals came out onto my taste buds like bleach and cleaning products , only with undertones of something sweet .
that would have nipped all our problems in the bud !
mark wobbled his free hand so - so , and refrained from pointing out that the problem was not with the coffee , but his bosss taste buds .
his taste buds cringed and threatened horrible repercussions .
on a gathering excursion with the other women , dawn came across a small bush covered with delicate flowers , some in full bloom , others just buds awaiting their turn .
from the phone , an earphone wire ran to the bed , and its buds plugged in the manipuri boys ears .
he was shaking his head in tune with the music coming from his ear buds .
ignoring my taste buds , i took more spoonfuls of that horrible food until it was finished .
he ca nt touch her lips , or her tongue , or her taste buds , since she tastes , like vinegar .
breedlove sipped and found it too bitter for her taste buds .
as they embraced , giant red buds began sprouting on the branches of the nearby gebin tree .
they would nip that in the bud she would make sure of it this time .
over the next minute he heard mention of the dried leaves and buds of the mexican camo plant more than once .
further down in the valley he finally noticed the problem ; the herd had found a way to reach the marihuana buds .
the water sped up the off - gassing from the tender leaves and buds of marihuana , causing death .
a ground level sickle bar on each side of the machine matched a higher sickle bar set around four feet , just below the level of the leaves and buds of the camo .
these cam shafts not only drove the sickle bars but stripped the branches , leaves and buds from the cut stalks before ejecting them out the back into wind rows for field retting .
each cam shaft , equipped with a series of teeth , rested at the bottom of a funnel - shaped shoot or trough with openings around the shaft large enough for leaves and buds to drop through but small enough to keep the bulk of the stalk inching backward until it ejected .
once the leaves and buds were removed from the stalk they fell into a canvas sack girdled to both sides of the harvester and bundled in the back .
the upper stalks fell one by one into the two troughs on either side and twisted gently down hill toward the back as the teeth on the cams removed all the leaves and buds dropping them into the sack beneath .
we could only take the leaves and buds .
the seeds can be used for oil and medicine , but the buds are used mostly for , he shrugged again struggling to explain , recreation .
chancho unrolled his bundle and removed a large pile of drying leaves and buds .
to heighten the intoxicant and medicinal value , these buds should be dried evenly for another week .
he touched his finger to the sticky residue oozing from one of the buds .
just before he gave up the search he found it , a marihuana bud .
he looked up , expecting to see goats nipping at green buds of camo .
he was my best bud from my old town and we ended up in the same synergy !
jeremy heaved , the phantom taste of battery acid flooding his taste buds .
green shoots and rosettes were sprouting up everywhere , many with flower buds ready to burst .
but mass and momentum made it impossible to stop quickly enough to prevent it from plowing into the now house - sized dome now growing like a fourth stage lung tumor , creating new hexagonal facets along every seam , spitting out buds that also began to grow as they bounced and rolled past us .
the humming core , glowing golden , came into view , consuming a few stray buds from oliviers monstrous egg .
she had tasted like nothing i could have ever imagined , like a designer dish created for my taste buds alone .
she gave him a little pinch on his arm and told him to try and locate a chrysoperla carnea , also known as the lace wing , hiding among the beautiful new spring buds on the maple tree .
sara eased her lids open to watch jane 's face turn from dubious curiosity to stunned disbelief as all of the latent buds on that branch came fully back into bloom .
there was something about the flavor that danced on his taste buds .
such buds were common in the world ; they were places where the lines intersected .
but here there were no lines at all , just the buds .
when i touched the bud , the island moved , wren said .
you can touch the buds ?
but nolan , touching the buds made the island move .
concentrate on where we want to go , and maybe the buds will take us there .
they resemble large blossoms returning to buds as the human dragon hosts replace their dragon identity .
phandros skittered on board , nipping the captain 's rising impatience in the bud .
their smell was cloying and as ever - present as the dust that fell from them yet it somehow stimulated both my curiosity and my taste buds .
brander had been roasting the beast outside all day and its aroma filled the entire room , flirting with their taste buds and hungry bellies .
i m not your bud , dude .
see if you can make this bud open by calling the element of the sun and energy of the earth .
i called upon the warmth of the sun and the energy of the earth to surround me and persuade this little bud to open its pedals and present its beauty to us .
when in spring the buds appeared she felt her heart lighten and the black moroseness in her brain lighten a little .
creation took no notice ; it went on as usual and when spring came round it produced bud , blossom and apple - to - be , as though nothing had happened .
as they watched , all the little flowers began to close up and shrink back into buds .
she crouched next to the plants , fingering the buds that were now tight , and covered with the thin green shell that protects delicate petals before they open .
there had to be a way to derail this dog plan early , to nip it in the bud , as her mom liked to say .
there was a short staff whose wood appeared alive , even down to tiny leaf buds along its length .
i wanted to tell him that the only way i could ever get used to the flavor would be to take a blowtorch to every taste bud in my head first , but i refrained .
her cheeks burned as she recalled the way he tasted , hot and tangy against her taste buds .
i just plugged in my ear buds and listened to whatever music fit my mood at the moment .
sitting next to it my junkie old mp3 player with every song from the 2009 top forty pop singles chart sat wrapped up in an old pair of ear buds .
honeysuckle floated on the breeze and he stopped to breathe it in , letting the sweetness of the flower saturate his taste buds until a gray fox scampered from the bushes and stared with hesitant eyes , sniffing at the air .
' things would only get worse if we do not nip it in the bud now . '
the trees had leaves , or at least buds .
he knew if he searched long enough , he would see the mother , singing to her buds as they bloomed .
do not disturb me and i shall create a wonderful soup that will tantalise your taste buds .
your ruthless reputation for nipping these things in the bud before they bloom would appear to be somewhat awry at present .
in the dim moonlight , i could see some buds of flowers coming up out of the dirt by the side of the trail , and the path ahead looked clear and somewhat used .
the fruity , yet woody aroma carried the flavor through his nostrils and over his taste buds .
she smelled the buds .
little yellow buds spotted the yard .
perhaps this should be transferred to matara when he returned , when he was finished weeding out the final buds of hope .
focusing his energy within the bud , it begin to grow .
entropy smashed the bud against the wall and took another .
but such was not the character of either wind or weather , for it was late spring and the birds sang in their varied choruses , the garden was a tapestry of bud and bloom , and joyous was the sun treading the depthless blue of the heavens .
at least he had not fallen into the hands of such horrid men ; they had not looked close enough to see the wing buds on his back in the twilight nor would they have known what they were had they seen them .
the boy frowned in perplexity when he glimpsed the wing buds on the creatures back .
anna pointed to a pile of yellow buds that lay on a white stone slab on the grass .
she sprang to her feet , depositing her last bud in her satchel as she did so .
a woman , well - dressed and well - kept fluttered about the grassy islands , trying to pick the yellow buds from the flowers .
the woman was now bending down , her hands passing right through the yellow buds she was no doubt trying to pluck .
the woman busied herself amongst the buds and the ponds .
the sticky swollen buds of chestnuts confirm late march .
also , the life - stages of leaves from spring bud to the delicate ribs and lace of fall .
but it dulled his taste buds and that was something he greatly desired .
chris , deciding not to risk his taste buds , dug his nails into the tail section and found the skin peeled away easily , revealing a deep smoky - brown flesh .
the year started at the vernal equinox on vimar , when the buds of the trees were starting to break , and the birds beginning to nest .
her lips , that bud not yet burst , now took a ghastly turn and became something like a jaundiced red ; red like the women who walked the streets , all corrupted .
after all , you and your buds used to spend half your summers fishing on it . ''
you will see we were best buds back then .
oh wait maybe you lost your manhood in the horrific car accident you were in with your ball player buds ? ?
get your buds to accompany you to a free show .
you mean to tell me your dad escorted you and your buds to the gray hook on thursday ?
bet you and your perved out buds were so excited , getting to go off without parental supervision to violate innocent women i stated , sarcastically .
said ali to her , i m sure your taste buds are refined .
she wondered how many hate crimes would ensue between the clans if she did nt nip this situation in the bud and fast .
chilly can numb your taste buds !
a god can split , or bud , or two gods can merge , or two gods can exchange parts of themselves suppose that at some time there was nt much poetry in the world , maybe then there would be just one god of poetry .
so perhaps high civilization can only exist at one point in a cycle , preceded by violence and followed by decadence , just as a flower must be preceded by a bud and followed by rot .
small buds of fruit were just beginning to grow on the trees .
peasant taste buds . ''
the broken , snaggled branches began to grow longer , fuller , and buds formed on the end of those branches .
buds had already formed on the early - blooming plants and upon all three of the carefully pruned trees .
skin had grown across the severed neck , and pooching up from the center of the neck , like a finger thrust into a drum , was a tiny bud .
you planning on holding on to my bud till it warms up ? ''
he popped the top of the bud , and drank half the can in one long slow swallow .
he looked across the meadow as if he was trying to remember the names of the things he was looking at : the flowers in the long grass , the ruins of the farmhouse , the haze of green buds that fogged the branches of the huge silver tree .
the tongue , sullenly red and pimpled with taste buds , gleams with congealed fat under the refrigerator light .
maybe he was just buds with tachyon .
the greenhouse was laid out in what seemed to clary 's untrained eye no particular pattern , but everywhere she looked was a riot of color : blue - purple blossoms spilling down the side of a shining green hedge , a trailing vine studded with jewel - toned orange buds .
jace shrugged and sat down , carefully , next to a glossy green shrub dotted all over with tightly closed flower buds .
his gaze was fixed on the green shrub they 'd been sitting beside , with its dozens of shiny closed buds .
in the middle , its little park had graceful trees with tiny buds already showing , and the surrounding walk - ups were the best of the best in this bestest - ever neighborhood .
apart from that , you 'd need very keen hearing indeed to hear the growth of shoots and the opening of buds .
like a bud . '
give me a couple of men and we can nip this right in the bud ! '
he stared around , and saw leaves in bud .
the flower buds were noticeably swelling .
' i inhumed a man who attempted to nip him in the bud . '
it was a triumph of salesmanship and the city 's famously atrophied taste buds .
it sinks into the ground ; in the depths , winter buds form in sheltered places and white shoots creep under dead leaves .
the smell attracted mort 's taste buds from across the room , hinting that if they got together they could really enjoy themselves .
the early sunset colorings of vibrant pinks and purples streamed through the early spring buds on the maple tree the table rested beneath .
her taste buds bulged and throbbed without his kiss .
adrian and eddie wasted more of the night in that booth at the iron mask , drinking buds out of longnecks and turning down the women who trolled by .
except he nipped that in the bud , because they were not just not alone ; they were around people they frickin ' worked with , hello .
there was an adjoining tobacco shop that was capturing perry 's interest , so i decided to nip it in the bud right there .
she threw herself into the kiss , gasping against his lips when his thumb slid over the swollen bud of her cl*t and lingered , pushing her toward the edge of pleasure in rhythmic circles .
he 'd had good manners ingrained in his character , and he 'd gotten taller and more mature in the past few months -- but he was still a teenager ; a teenager who would far rather be out with his buds than hanging around with his family on this dismal occasion .
i can see victor 's okay , he 's got his best bud with him , everything 's cool .
` ` but even without a bud , the soul of a true deathless will find a new home .
as a bud . ''
sometimes he thought of places he and carolyn had gone in the old days , and the one he kept coming back to was a hot afternoon at sand beach in bar harbor , the two of them sitting at a picnic table in their bathing suits , sitting under a big bright umbrella , eating sweet fried clams and drinking bud from longneck bottles as they watched the sailboats scudding across the dark - blue ocean .
his eyes were wide and full of mad caution ; the corners of his finely moulded mouth quivered and gleamed with buds of saliva .
there was no one at all in the corner , of course , but for a moment ... for just a moment ... life in the years between 1993 and 1998 went on as life in places like derry always does : the buds of april became the brittle , blowing leaves of october ; christmas trees were brought into homes in middecember and hauled off in the backs of dumpsters with strands of tinsel still hanging sadly from their boughs during the first week of january ; babies came in through the in door and old folks went out through the out door .
and now , just when i 'd managed to coax an early test so i could nip this situation in the bud , i was faced with a potential situation that i never , never could have foreseen .
in this way they came at last to what looked like an impenetrable wall of dark evergreen trees , trees of a kind that the hobbits had never seen before : they branched out right from the roots , and were densely clad in dark glossy leaves like thornless holly , and they bore many stiff upright flower - spikes with large shining olive - coloured buds .
great ilexes of huge girth stood dark and solemn in wide glades with here and there among them hoary ash - trees , and giant oaks just putting out their brown - green buds .
the sullen shrivelled leaves of a past year hung on them , grating and rattling in the sad airs , but their maggot - ridden buds were only just opening .
there had to be some secret ingredient , or maybe the brain just did n't believe what the taste buds told it , and wanted to feel once again that flood of hot , greasy , not entirely organic , slightly crunchy substances surfing across the tongue .
his hand quivered with anticipation as he felt the crystal buds .
he slid forward , smelling musty damp soil , fungus , potatoes left to bud .
the dead trees in the circle were dead no more , but began to bud and leaf as i watched .
with each pass , i drew closer to the puckering bud and pushed the annoying material farther down until finally my thumb brushed over the tight bead .
perhaps if more people had heeded their warnings , and had been willing to back their belief with resources enough to create some kind of sentinel organization , it might have been nipped in the bud .
it was a beautiful sunshiny day in mid - april , the branches on the trees beginning to thicken with buds .
but when at last turin shook off the darkness , spring was returning ; and he awoke and saw sun on the green buds .
i've- '' ` ` quiet , '' he murmured , and kissed her - soft , soft , tender as a bud just opened .
cassie noticed the tiny crocus buds just beginning to poke their heads up from the ground alongside the sidewalk .
it produced a cotton - wool bud and prepared to insert it into one very large ear .
there was no snow , and buds were bursting on the trees .
the particular palace lay within the walls of the immense forbidden city , easily identifiable from aloft : two huge dragon pavilions on either side of a long pond almost choked with water - lilies , the flowers still closed within their buds .
qian made no immediate conversation , but gestured towards the lake ; the line of the morning sun was now traveling swiftly northward over the water as the sun crept higher , and the lotus buds were unfolding in almost balletic progression ; they numbered literally in the thousands , and made a spectacle of glowing pink color against the deep green of their leaves .
it was time for spring to arrive , time for new shoots to peek through the winter 's thatch and for buds to sprout on the thin - branched willows .
trees here were tall and long - limbed , with too many buds .
sure , the spring buds had come late , and the apples had grown slowly .
none of the skeletal branches of the westwood put forth buds .
at that moment , egwene found saidar , ; the bud in her mind flowering , the one power rushing into her .
it tickled the branches of trees that had finally begun to put forth buds .
so they had been friendly , but not best buds , either .
hair teeth mouth , br**sts small as two bare flower buds .
we ' ve never even talked about how maggie and i were buds for one afternoon .
she believes it was very right of you to nip it in the bud .
it was tiny , soft at first , now forming a hard bud .
his heart took to hammering when she tongued his nipple , and he about came when she closed her mouth around a hard bud .
she trusted him enough to relax and allow him to cast his own spell , opening herself like a bud come to flower .
her heart opened like a bud coming to flower .
the first object of interest was an old grey stone norman church , with a large horse chestnut tree in bud gracing the entranceway .
it had been like a tragic play , their romance nipped in the bud before it could open but a few petals .
it 's said that buds appear each day a few kos farther north , like a tender army on the march .
like a bud just before it bursts into flower .
he played on and on , the intensity of the alap growing organically , almost of its own self , until it burst to completion , like a flower that had gloriously escaped the entrapment of its bud .
she spilt on her lips more tea of poplar bud , that numbs to pain .
the air was clear and the sun was gloriously bright , and the grounds of the park felt fairly bursting with the promise of spring : all the new leaves and buds on the trees , the shoots of daffodils just poking up from the soil .
david pushed the bud vase aside and reversed the magazines .
sean his bud , his brother in nonviolent passion and civil disobedienceno word ?
all jared can offer is a soft , thanks , bud .
maybe we can nip this thing in the bud .
his mouth found the buds of her nipples hardening , as her body arched to his kisses , his tongue following the line of her quivering muscles .
the leaves were just beginning to bud on some the trees that grew along the road .
in the de - briefing room , rydall ushered the pair in to a corner and set about nipping the whole situation in the bud .
the commander handed brad another bud and popped open another for himself .
she knew when the buds blossomed it would be time for sailing again , and that eleanor would soon arrive with berengaria .
ahm gonnae nip that idea in the bud straight aff , erchie .
chapter twenty - one may flowers the palette of the sky had ebbed from bitter gray to angel blue , emerald tufts of grass were barreling through the sluggish brown earth , and bright little buds were bursting about the vines .
still he thought , i had better watch my step , ca nt have them saying i am soft or something like that , time to nip that idea in the bud .
it was now august and the late winter flowers were starting to show , the cherry tree behind the hotel was a mass of buds , the promise of new life .
as if the early morning mists over the tiber had cleared , first in tiny steam - like tendrils lifting , then dispersing more generally , till the hard lines of reality could be seen , the branches and the twigs and the smallest buds on the trees etched in black with glittering highlights of dew ; so now she knew the meaning of those owls , and she knew what the hidden gods needed her to do .
that 's a bud . ''
it was time to nip the buds so new blooms would be fresh and full this year .
by the time dinner is ready we will have topped off all the old buds , raked out the leaves and trash from the plants and have a much nicer garden .
new buds had opened in her garden , an array of wildflowers across the front of the house enclosed by the low rock wall she and elsa had built .
luke yanked the ear buds from his ears and sulked , glaring through his hand at the persistent sunlight , blaming it for his troubles .
when i turn the light on i can see the buds of my new fangs poking through the gums in my see - through face .
as he approaches , we see some tightly rolled cigarettes , some loose , dried buds , and one huge brownie .
the buds are an odd color , red like blood .
hallucigenia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 1435 the 845 and 759 a 524 of 442 he 432 to 423 his 397 in 392 was 257 i 238 it 228 wallace 192 that 192 on 189 you 172 with 167 had 141 as 137 at 125 were 124 for 121 him 121 from 107 said 104 not 96 like 95 they 95 my 92 her 90 me 83 into 80 delaney 78 what 75 or 74 but 73 is 68 this 68 there 66 an 65 she 62 by 60 if 60 been 58 no 58 out 57 some 56 helen 55 be 55 about 54 did 54 over 53 when 52 up 52 got 51 all 48 one 47 too 43 wallace 's 42 we 42 so 41 do n't 41 your 41 choate 40 i ' m 40 more 40 around 39 back 38 them 37 old 37 face 37 then 36 mr 36 it 's 35 right 35 skip 34 could 34 something 34 man 34 their 33 have 32 hand 31 eyes 31 down 31 are 30 way 30 those 30 its 30 after 30 do 29 barn 29 went 29 where 29 made 29 black 28 going 28 who 28 know 28 off 28 maybe 28 through 27 did n't 27 see 27 door 26 just 26 another 26 here 26 tyler 25 big 25 house 24 would 24 why 24 how 23 time 23 took 23 head 23 before 23 saw 22 smith 22 want 22 pride 22 yeah 22 randy 21 that 's 21 get 21 any 21 again 21 only 21 now 21 nothing 21 oh 21 mouth 21 choates 21 anything 20 say 20 came 20 come 20 think 20 long 20 thought 20 called 20 which 19 never 19 much 19 well 19 things 19 dead 19 helen 's 19 two 18 near 18 dark 18 than 18 josh 18 okay 18 few 18 hell 18 might 18 i 'll 18 ever 18 while 18 these 18 night 18 thing 17 people 17 go 17 voice 17 left 17 kids 17 other 17 home 17 three 17 across 17 cigarette 16 gave 16 sure 16 horse 16 light 16 still 16 very 16 looked 16 always 16 tell 16 years 15 can 15 em 15 real 15 was n't 15 under 15 you 're 15 there 's 15 make 15 told 15 day 15 detective 14 hair 14 little 14 away 14 adams 14 glass 14 against 14 every 14 own 14 hands 14 started 14 between 14 since 13 good 13 property 13 inside 13 field 13 car 13 fingers 13 salter 13 though 13 himself 13 used 12 even 12 he 'd 12 he 's 12 smiled 12 whole 12 pylons 12 look 12 such 12 began 12 guard 12 certain 12 couple 12 sat 12 boss 12 savage 12 because 12 garden 12 asked 12 window 11 dropped 11 really 11 white 11 doing 11 neck 11 end 11 heard 11 uh 11 mind 11 except 11 hard 11 bruenig 11 turned 11 until 11 place 11 everything 11 call 11 each 11 hey 11 hole 11 shoulder 11 once 11 us 10 woman 10 dee 10 new 10 nose 10 most 10 fact 10 seen 10 i ' ve 10 road 10 best 10 phone 10 bottle 10 mean 10 bit 10 knew 10 men 10 kaleb 10 feet 10 happened 10 smile 10 find 10 became 10 put 10 guy 10 school 10 enough 9 better 9 deal 9 green 9 bad 9 dad 9 rolled 9 wrong 9 kept 9 past 9 our 9 bed 9 without 9 delaney 's 9 kind 9 pretty 9 wall 9 upon 9 decided 9 skull 9 almost 9 hanging 9 boys 9 wanted 9 office 9 stood 9 air 9 walls 9 far 9 eye 9 should 9 hip 9 earth 9 red 9 mostly 9 talk 9 beth 9 ago 9 cold 9 farm 9 love 9 trees 9 dunno 9 says 9 wife 9 yes 9 laughed 9 found 9 take 9 tried 9 looking 9 bout 9 along 9 room 8 job 8 behind 8 college 8 man 's 8 shit 8 onto 8 state 8 last 8 everywhere 8 cecil 8 seemed 8 strange 8 world 8 figure 8 number 8 would n't 8 lamp 8 brain 8 lay 8 need 8 young 8 business 8 during 8 drink 8 open 8 family 8 shoe 8 crack 8 security 8 had n't 8 opened 8 let 8 among 8 i 'd 8 rich 8 pulled 8 she 's 8 idea 8 small 8 ask 8 nearly 8 ca n't 8 huh 7 gone 7 matter 7 rocks 7 keep 7 grounds 7 table 7 nest 7 concrete 7 stuff 7 kinda 7 metal 7 department 7 chest 7 shadows 7 s 7 ceiling 7 sounds 7 probably 7 least 7 stuck 7 toward 7 else 7 woods 7 kate 7 somebody 7 is n't 7 hospital 7 cane 7 easy 7 guess 7 afraid 7 closed 7 days 7 guys 7 lights 7 olympia 7 lighted 7 girl 7 details 7 whatever 7 grass 7 life 7 care 7 thick 7 run 7 getting 7 wally 7 several 7 heart 7 legs 7 water 7 quite 7 suit 7 blood 7 same 7 gon na 7 am 7 must 7 weird 7 friend 7 got ta 7 are n't 7 does n't 7 click 7 drank 7 former 7 floor 7 heavy 7 desk 7 shirt 7 sister 7 live 7 high 6 gray 6 wild 6 set 6 hot 6 area 6 many 6 damn 6 gate 6 damned 6 bloody 6 they 'd 6 months 6 poured 6 where 's 6 great 6 choate 's 6 piece 6 creek 6 father 6 money 6 tom 6 liquor 6 playing 6 alley 6 course 6 sounded 6 soft 6 washington 6 cops 6 remember 6 charlie 6 sound 6 shot 6 cut 6 coming 6 camera 6 chinese 6 cell 6 throat 6 week 6 therapy 6 lot 6 nodded 6 moved 6 thin 6 land 6 guts 6 check 6 lucky 6 giant 6 wiped 6 although 6 kaleb 's 6 pressed 6 skip 's 6 caught 6 according 6 blue 6 drive 6 pushed 6 arm 6 station 6 answer 6 please 6 sense 6 bones 6 silence 6 attention 6 kid 6 will 6 problem 6 stars 6 handle 6 often 6 worms 6 parts 6 county 6 pills 6 shook 6 believe 6 sold 6 sort 6 wore 6 either 6 walked 6 noticed 6 side 6 brought 6 noises 6 first 5 taken 5 farther 5 trouble 5 fish 5 figured 5 yours 5 evening 5 building 5 reflection 5 expression 5 dragged 5 eventually 5 drinking 5 eating 5 tree 5 folks 5 foreign 5 we 'll 5 plastic 5 god 5 lips 5 cheek 5 crap 5 letters 5 move 5 brother 5 chair 5 sorry 5 they 're 5 d 5 someone 5 changed 5 beat 5 stop 5 3 5 flat 5 fly 5 tall 5 hi 5 next 5 shoulders 5 middle 5 music 5 tomorrow 5 flickered 5 hurt 5 nobody 5 have n't 5 worse 5 screwed 5 ferguson 5 being 5 different 5 jesus 5 waited 5 also 5 cancer 5 mess 5 pay 5 round 5 flies 5 dirt 5 filled 5 daddy 5 mud 5 mentioned 5 slapped 5 fellow 5 belly 5 above 5 elevator 5 flesh 5 nature 5 front 5 bunch 5 fine 5 waiting 5 doors 5 outside 5 graffiti 5 speak 5 darkness 5 anybody 5 cards 5 mass 5 smoked 5 cheap 5 lived 5 collection 5 large 5 built 5 history 5 guards 5 outta 5 janice 5 finished 5 close 5 shadow 5 private 5 nice 5 tight 5 dry 5 ring 5 cop 5 remembered 5 ya 5 branches 5 spread 5 smelled 5 taking 5 cameras 5 pocket 5 shoes 5 appeared 5 watched 5 dressed 5 track 5 done 5 loveless 5 story 5 fella 5 dozen 5 low 5 read 5 drove 5 supposed 5 accident 5 leave 5 town 5 name 5 glasses 5 bought 5 picture 4 seeing 4 warden 4 dalton 4 interesting 4 ran 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 breath 4 return 4 p 4 drunk 4 rose 4 anymore 4 cracks 4 happy 4 recognize 4 yellow 4 country 4 met 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 boy 4 estate 4 bottom 4 distorted 4 foot 4 knife 4 today 4 fire 4 smoking 4 patrons 4 talking 4 strands 4 how 's 4 quick 4 running 4 dirty 4 later 4 understand 4 ai n't 4 notice 4 soon 4 pictures 4 woo 4 smoke 4 shack 4 send 4 needed 4 rattled 4 rubbed 4 actually 4 roof 4 desert 4 doctor 4 meet 4 plenty 4 received 4 died 4 company 4 m 4 palm 4 slept 4 upstairs 4 physics 4 glanced 4 worried 4 deputy 4 what 's 4 sit 4 broken 4 doctors 4 worth 4 arizona 4 pool 4 leaned 4 meant 4 early 4 give 4 windows 4 veins 4 hesitated 4 nurse 4 tape 4 papers 4 suite 4 poetry 4 ancient 4 decades 4 floated 4 teeth 4 bridge 4 has 4 muffled 4 use 4 ice 4 pointed 4 bet 4 perhaps 4 forget 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 breast 4 worked 4 afternoon 4 somethin ' 4 heads 4 meanwhile 4 known 4 person 4 hated 4 line 4 slipped 4 working 4 wondered 4 let 's 4 itself 4 pants 4 wood 4 hate 4 anyway 4 tick 4 war 4 climbed 4 bag 4 main 4 morning 4 odd 4 loomed 4 wrecker 4 spoke 4 visit 4 case 4 walla 4 together 4 east 4 stared 4 wound 4 truly 4 balls 4 wedge 4 aside 4 grab 4 brothers 4 seems 4 rest 4 aware 4 thinking 4 second 4 images 4 thanks 4 otter 4 full 4 aliens 4 loves 4 drawn 4 noodles 4 considered 4 filthy 4 skin 4 mistuh 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 stopped 4 blunt 4 bear 4 raw 4 chavez 4 prison 4 hour 4 sent 4 crawl 4 raised 4 spot 4 ass 4 friends 4 yet 4 lives 4 book 4 dinner 4 anyhow 4 faces 4 morgan 4 television 4 wooden 4 lost 4 tesla 4 grinning 4 alive 4 ready 4 bull 4 blew 4 spring 4 1971 4 slightly 4 empty 4 grandfather 4 steps 4 ground 4 beneath 4 coast 4 could n't 4 shall 4 base 4 unknown 4 machine 4 familiar 4 forehead 4 shaking 4 game 4 exposed 4 staring 4 paul 4 clear 4 claimed 4 finally 4 scattered 4 photographs 4 wherever 4 joined 4 glance 4 gotten 4 short 4 paid 4 simply 4 buried 4 crossed 4 drop 4 lyle 4 bothered 3 counted 3 trust 3 arden 3 interview 3 favor 3 cool 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 resembled 3 owned 3 wo n't 3 sink 3 hear 3 truck 3 serious 3 hardwood 3 feeding 3 already 3 dripped 3 square 3 stains 3 arms 3 pride 's 3 hissed 3 whenever 3 bay - el 3 pulse 3 seconds 3 wire 3 burly 3 counting 3 freeman 3 cabinet 3 birth 3 both 3 dug 3 intercom 3 shut 3 sloshed 3 wet 3 huge 3 universe 3 chased 3 planning 3 restaurant 3 grateful 3 closely 3 late 3 appear 3 replaced 3 tail 3 card 3 sick 3 thursday 3 four 3 entire 3 sea 3 pneumonia 3 melted 3 hill 3 dream 3 temple 3 fat 3 watching 3 sitting 3 cigarettes 3 mounds 3 account 3 refused 3 hire 3 beyond 3 unlucky 3 picked 3 pit 3 fortune 3 turn 3 great - granddaddy 3 passed 3 conversation 3 joshua 3 goes 3 records 3 origin 3 beautiful 3 butt 3 following 3 fed 3 highway 3 usher 3 interested 3 birthday 3 fissure 3 screamed 3 fields 3 busted 3 plaster 3 antique 3 awful 3 hoped 3 welcome 3 ten 3 sweet 3 regarding 3 report 3 weekend 3 parked 3 hat 3 survived 3 part 3 sometimes 3 drag 3 master 3 west 3 screen 3 convinced 3 file 3 less 3 vodka 3 collapsed 3 fixed 3 accent 3 devil 3 lately 3 welded 3 hit 3 crowd 3 odor 3 grew 3 mima 3 liked 3 somehow 3 ones 3 recorder 3 wax 3 kitchen 3 clothes 3 carefully 3 kinds 3 barely 3 struck 3 pits 3 shone 3 funny 3 shattered 3 gun 3 crackled 3 tendrils 3 sucked 3 forest 3 hung 3 manner 3 stabbed 3 honest 3 besides 3 kate 's 3 dated 3 write 3 sucker 3 laid 3 holes 3 bedroom 3 ball 3 slippery 3 none 3 peered 3 divided 3 rough 3 possibly 3 hall 3 gravel 3 pleasure 3 seattle 3 ah 3 eel 3 surely 3 starts 3 slowly 3 shoebox 3 carried 3 required 3 animals 3 marlin 3 asphalt 3 pink 3 evidence 3 peacocks 3 realized 3 caused 3 french 3 pain 3 chuckled 3 played 3 edge 3 ruby 3 forth 3 son 3 you 'll 3 hills 3 angry 3 cry 3 wasp 3 dying 3 reason 3 dozens 3 suddenly 3 christmas 3 clouds 3 40s 3 spent 3 greasy 3 help 3 consciousness 3 feebly 3 matters 3 slack 3 senator 3 lots 3 birds 3 placed 3 rumors 3 premus 3 south 3 video 3 top 3 asking 3 professional 3 china 3 jagged 3 promised 3 puzzle 3 bar 3 interest 3 boot 3 poor 3 word 3 city 3 wrinkled 3 sagan 3 sonofabitch 3 houses 3 swear 3 per 3 performed 3 rendered 3 coulda 3 lance 3 swiftly 3 mine 3 wrapped 3 villa 3 hours 3 deeper 3 recently 3 stirred 3 comment 3 contained 3 dog 3 nam 3 designed 3 gestured 3 comes 3 ears 3 honey 3 sour 3 radiation 3 constantly 3 roots 3 cage 3 somewhere 3 concerned 3 moment 3 month 3 static 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 brand 3 heat 3 yanked 3 beside 3 artifacts 3 we 're 3 surface 3 normal 3 circles 3 crawled 3 art 3 grin 3 thoughts 3 viet 3 distance 3 paperwork 3 force 3 trembling 3 breeze 3 talked 3 itched 3 service 3 emerged 3 feeling 3 nothin ' 3 geologist 3 mixed 3 weight 3 tough 3 half 3 heck 3 drowned 3 bounced 3 moist 3 knocked 3 wrist 3 cause 3 were n't 3 stairs 3 equipment 3 blanket 3 hunting 3 slick 3 tired 3 deep 3 vacation 3 named 3 tracks 3 others 3 den 3 broke 3 feed 3 space 3 weeds 3 slid 3 collar 3 women 3 body 3 lobster 3 style 3 gap 3 dogs 3 tone 3 within 3 led 3 flushed 3 trip 3 travel 3 70s 3 attended 3 bored 3 covered 3 sideways 3 harold 3 knees 3 cake 3 joy 3 broad 3 dust 3 true 3 creepy 3 newspaper 3 hushed 3 ginger 3 names 3 point 3 hallucigenia 3 pipes 3 locked 3 should n't 3 glow 3 swallow 3 plant 3 held 3 try 3 milky 3 knob 3 flipped 3 present 3 version 3 driving 3 club 3 list 3 size 3 bentley 3 completely 3 sleeping 3 oozed 3 hang 3 shop 3 shake 3 party 3 counter 3 checked 3 woulda 2 unexpectedly 2 sodium 2 issue 2 load 2 strained 2 married 2 rigid 2 twenty 2 sluggish 2 fuck 2 bruenigs 2 nasa 2 screws 2 favorite 2 share 2 claustrophobic 2 tables 2 guest 2 source 2 local 2 depths 2 sweating 2 suspicion 2 show 2 wheel 2 limped 2 fresh 2 surprise 2 mimis 2 drugs 2 latter 2 devices 2 personal 2 trauma 2 vast 2 partner 2 radical 2 horns 2 huey 2 blink 2 wonder 2 missed 2 torso 2 research 2 brow 2 bring 2 perfect 2 drifted 2 appreciate 2 flew 2 offered 2 shelves 2 abruptly 2 squinted 2 nasty 2 twisted 2 holland 2 cor 2 reflections 2 ourselves 2 cocked 2 clamped 2 scotch 2 bein ' 2 rather 2 bleeding 2 plain 2 recommended 2 volume 2 plan 2 monstrous 2 rectangular 2 funnel 2 squid 2 postcards 2 necessary 2 pappy 2 fix 2 booze 2 nope 2 cult 2 crystal 2 hurts 2 chinamen 2 primordial 2 morbid 2 mixing 2 tools 2 handkerchief 2 furniture 2 splattered 2 pharaoh 2 listened 2 tie 2 routine 2 funky 2 inevitably 2 bean 2 shoot 2 yesterday 2 silent 2 player 2 humongous 2 action 2 coffee 2 orange 2 tyler 's 2 wearing 2 turning 2 recovery 2 wheels 2 thrown 2 dusk 2 aluminum 2 clutched 2 billy 2 fast 2 ripped 2 emanated 2 mister 2 series 2 climb 2 alone 2 switch 2 reservation 2 phantom 2 escaped 2 swept 2 carl 2 messing 2 begun 2 thinkin ' 2 lashes 2 craved 2 covets 2 frank 2 dear 2 traps 2 iron 2 convulsively 2 kicked 2 button 2 regained 2 rocker 2 eggheads 2 postcard 2 clippings 2 gulper 2 accepted 2 granny 2 sending 2 particular 2 violence 2 squirrel 2 radioactive 2 follow 2 continued 2 sticky 2 cells 2 shaded 2 narrow 2 order 2 prints 2 friday 2 gleamed 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 stoned 2 slumped 2 ghastly 2 wave 2 agency 2 child 2 slogging 2 grown 2 skeletal 2 hooves 2 cooled 2 flung 2 batted 2 curved 2 pal 2 skinned 2 wide 2 finger 2 lying 2 bone 2 motel 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 anyone 2 eight 2 forward 2 floors 2 stung 2 blown 2 pallid 2 wednesday 2 eager 2 curious 2 fence 2 authorities 2 monster 2 fuzzy 2 driveway 2 passenger 2 carson 2 randy 's 2 grease 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 shapes 2 n ' 2 dusted 2 miraculously 2 settle 2 stayed 2 fucked 2 basket 2 sloppy 2 screaming 2 blind 2 confused 2 caked 2 remainder 2 making 2 cleared 2 pipe 2 cologne 2 rode 2 bell 2 numerous 2 elbow 2 senior 2 chairs 2 awoke 2 degrees 2 pen 2 insects 2 dance 2 cargo 2 rainier 2 creaked 2 wig 2 unfortunately 2 paper 2 stadium 2 roaring 2 deserted 2 circle 2 washed 2 cast 2 coronary 2 cheeks 2 worry 2 carcass 2 iranian 2 handed 2 impression 2 ahead 2 whale 2 regarded 2 cables 2 engine 2 label 2 busy 2 wives 2 forced 2 needs 2 missing 2 brush 2 peculiar 2 detected 2 selling 2 squids 2 apes 2 aspirin 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 hopes 2 salt 2 rugs 2 bronze 2 older 2 tribe 2 hundred 2 blue - black 2 posts 2 break 2 hallway 2 oversized 2 demons 2 package 2 american 2 diligence 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 muttered 2 parents 2 term 2 friendly 2 quit 2 casino 2 honking 2 view 2 dwindling 2 discovered 2 cottage 2 loved 2 lone 2 crazy 2 drooling 2 fill 2 sex 2 news 2 sharp 2 followed 2 fascination 2 sank 2 straight 2 abandoned 2 hose 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 scare 2 gibberish 2 examined 2 pried 2 automatic 2 sneaking 2 acoustics 2 lurched 2 steiner 2 depression 2 forearm 2 lion 2 littered 2 chef 2 walk 2 wires 2 myriad 2 korean 2 heels 2 having 2 king 2 question 2 retreated 2 capitol 2 admit 2 makes 2 bled 2 pyramids 2 sheriff 's 2 loafers 2 fallen 2 coat 2 spiders 2 prevent 2 damp 2 pad 2 mating 2 throbbed 2 yup 2 standing 2 rush 2 europe 2 projects 2 blindness 2 sir 2 dialed 2 packed 2 rolling 2 scratchy 2 potatoes 2 device 2 shape 2 degree 2 butler 2 current 2 yard 2 cruised 2 overgrown 2 catch 2 mrs 2 gaps 2 christ 2 human 2 handsome 2 dripping 2 twice 2 sanity 2 cabinets 2 grinding 2 complex 2 reflex 2 nine 2 choke 2 pulp 2 grunted 2 auction 2 boiled 2 tottered 2 useful 2 clarity 2 library 2 occupants 2 words 2 infinitely 2 pinched 2 shallow 2 files 2 drawer 2 box 2 hired 2 dried 2 con 2 alien 2 distant 2 bruno 2 thrust 2 you 'd 2 safe 2 star 2 woozy 2 fool 2 notion 2 message 2 sunlight 2 stick 2 scope 2 sox 2 softly 2 taste 2 nearby 2 returned 2 grinned 2 burns 2 pop 2 sudden 2 kiss 2 major 2 adjoining 2 bastard 2 porter 2 fearful 2 noise 2 eldest 2 obviously 2 imagine 2 figures 2 cracked 2 curses 2 god 's 2 skeleton 2 setting 2 drummond 2 cordial 2 thank 2 girth 2 type 2 warped 2 ended 2 laundry 2 note 2 keeping 2 vomit 2 tub 2 partially 2 artwork 2 thurston 2 amount 2 police 2 knelt 2 occasionally 2 blowing 2 killing 2 holy 2 martinis 2 sorta 2 artist 2 selected 2 necessity 2 fingerprints 2 river 2 paxton 2 utterly 2 watch 2 johnny 2 quantum 2 index 2 peek 2 kissed 2 antiquity 2 sports 2 detail 2 does 2 process 2 maggots 2 families 2 lunch 2 physical 2 trunk 2 cleaning 2 difficult 2 dwell 2 print 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 indian 2 bizarre 2 plopped 2 development 2 bye 2 downstairs 2 unless 2 mired 2 flowers 2 mates 2 wrote 2 buses 2 goddamn 2 whoever 2 pounds 2 mystery 2 lady 2 painted 2 whispered 2 faint 2 droned 2 punched 2 nailed 2 symbols 2 cramped 2 items 2 60s 2 steel 2 kurt 2 forty 2 rogers 2 howled 2 disappear 2 biggest 2 factories 2 payton 2 fairly 2 pig 2 wished 2 arrival 2 aiming 2 rambling 2 weak 2 language 2 bowl 2 vacant 2 matched 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 busting 2 interior 2 advice 2 32 2 rubber 2 buy 2 hillbilly 2 marble 2 energy 2 system 2 mirror 2 nowhere 2 oak 2 avenue 2 spotted 2 assortment 2 calling 2 brains 2 switchblade 2 cattle 2 sky 2 doin ' 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 squirming 2 unidentified 2 study 2 recollections 2 dull 2 buzzed 2 sittin ' 2 california 2 ages 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 silver 2 coveralls 2 battered 2 changing 2 hood 2 photo 2 chill 2 rope 2 english 2 operation 2 shuffled 2 monoliths 2 returns 2 wonky 2 remnants 2 disappearances 2 rearview 2 oil 2 nah 2 jenson 2 frame 2 provided 2 strap 2 prescription 2 belt 2 gazed 2 gulped 2 rock 2 legend 2 grand 2 reek 2 memory 2 wilson 2 experiments 2 initial 2 awake 2 careful 2 pretended 2 stops 2 plate 2 record 2 shined 2 forgot 2 hollow 2 feel 2 cousin 2 scandal 2 juice 2 answering 2 mechanical 2 brawl 2 unstamped 2 work 2 stories 2 downtown 2 lock 2 portions 2 landing 2 miles 2 wool 2 shrill 2 wan na 2 whether 2 6 2 brutal 2 count 2 promise 2 screw 2 goin ' 2 indistinct 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 woo 's 2 melancholy 2 dreamt 2 pieces 2 keys 2 hidden 2 greased 2 however 2 bird 2 gallery 2 recalcitrant 2 year 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 entangled 2 citadel 2 jumped 2 hello 2 happen 2 electromagnetic 2 wind 2 warning 2 seeped 2 grim 2 rain 2 status 2 signed 2 warm 2 strip 2 smashed 2 vapor 2 miniature 2 groaned 2 partition 2 indeed 2 till 2 grandpa 2 artificial 2 satisfaction 2 de 2 disturbing 2 stunts 2 interference 2 manny 2 ets 2 darling 2 tacoma 2 dimensions 2 lunatic 2 losing 2 collected 2 sun 2 six 2 quality 2 daily 2 similar 2 guns 2 nails 2 hold 2 asleep 2 felt 2 free 2 scary 2 sons 2 loose 2 dim 2 occupied 2 you ' ve 2 shade 2 graduated 2 given 2 dabbed 2 chain 2 wwii 2 asian 2 truth 2 stripped 2 flinched 2 gesture 2 branch 2 investments 2 drum 2 silk 2 burrowed 2 tuesday 2 beer 2 public 2 offshore 2 yelling 2 fully 2 eastern 2 essentially 2 patiently 2 gambler 2 dangling 2 suppose 2 scientist 2 hummed 2 pitter - pat 2 drew 2 chuckle 2 faded 2 fourth 2 propped 2 deformed 2 boards 2 touch 2 noon 2 faculties 2 bloated 2 tongue 2 covers 2 cosmic 2 somewhat 2 waddel 2 rubbing 2 spare 2 store 2 dreams 2 bust 2 jews 2 oily 2 native 2 pale 2 tribal 2 jaguars 2 walking 2 decade 2 scalp 2 stench 2 gaping 2 guestroom 2 complicated 2 rude 2 muddy 2 longer 2 wheeze 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 rifle 2 prosthesis 2 sumac 2 press 2 background 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 50s 2 seltzer 2 should ' ve 2 glued 2 served 2 gloom 2 irish 2 solid 2 change 2 prease 2 friggin ' 2 fragments 2 cocktails 2 lurked 2 merrily 2 unnatural 2 pertaining 2 objects 2 humidity 2 inflection 2 cried 2 assumed 2 thor 2 liver 2 limits 2 bruenig 's 2 sandal 2 fancy 2 instead 2 sauce 2 vase 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 skinny 2 premises 2 tons 2 divorce 2 breakthrough 2 tapping 2 dingy 2 flabby 2 y'know 2 minute 2 elegant 2 formal 2 officer 2 pigs 2 fell 2 killed 2 depredations 2 tracking 2 stroke 2 dryly 2 peace 2 landed 2 sweetheart 2 reminiscent 2 jerry 2 detect 2 health 2 quiet 2 bitter 2 crank 2 stiffened 2 stage 2 specialist 2 fired 2 encroachment 2 street 2 reckless 2 freeman 's 2 raise 2 instant 2 blm 2 imagery 2 fumbled 2 vertigo 2 loyal 2 nephew 2 rattling 2 ride 2 burn 2 matinee 2 rear 2 brown 2 swore 2 folk 2 quarter 2 football 2 stupid 2 railing 2 reduced 2 ghosts 2 sergeant 2 slithered 2 it 'll 2 team 2 scene 2 totally 1 richer 1 distinguished 1 yelled 1 forging 1 coal 1 bonkers 1 swiveled 1 clambered 1 campfire 1 lumbar 1 show - stopping 1 belonged 1 huston 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 doorways 1 reshaped 1 expressions 1 glinting 1 sedan 1 unglued 1 steadily 1 fifty - first 1 throes 1 photograph 1 batting 1 wait 1 angel 's 1 unwanted 1 dates 1 wealthy 1 redfield 1 k 1 copyrights 1 shapeless 1 address 1 i d 1 tinker 's 1 lumbered 1 crop 1 flattened 1 mild 1 sightin 's 1 fair 1 fiercely 1 deprived 1 stranding 1 sheets 1 2002 1 dent 1 dominos 1 death 1 dodging 1 thumbnail 1 dandelion 1 booth 1 elijah 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 promenade 1 clerk 's 1 pestered 1 muck 1 quaking 1 polo 1 bird 's 1 invited 1 whoa 1 behemoth 1 affably 1 lift 1 yah 1 tidings 1 ashamed 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 striking 1 squatted 1 39 1 musk 1 puckered 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 cassette 1 snicked 1 cloistered 1 dinging 1 tableware 1 toured 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hive 1 drill 1 tires 1 sufficient 1 thumping 1 lack 1 all - fired 1 yank 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 parade 1 icebreaker 1 costumed 1 understandable 1 mesmerize 1 mason 1 los 1 highballs 1 robe 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 swath 1 episode 1 khaki 1 diva 1 proponent 1 fracture 1 burr 1 final 1 spend 1 thickly 1 uno 1 thanked 1 there 're 1 mutilations 1 fetched 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 apologies 1 saying 1 microwave 1 reserves 1 oddfellows 1 mound 1 implant 1 heavily 1 gleam 1 wad 1 tap 1 ike 's 1 thigh 1 fold 1 outrace 1 pile 1 champion 1 detailing 1 environments 1 flatbed 1 sees 1 virtue 1 position 1 holding 1 rent 1 god - fearin ' 1 bragging 1 commence 1 whistling 1 regs 1 owner 1 hocks 1 pail 1 buds 1 soda 1 soundless 1 belial 1 milk 1 riled 1 sweaty 1 hocus 1 gambling 1 crammed 1 roost 1 midlife 1 neurological 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 basso 1 oops 1 stiffly 1 bearing 1 quailed 1 smacking 1 web 1 shat 1 student 1 obvious 1 poison 1 architect 1 interviewing 1 payroll 1 smacked 1 nurtured 1 suffocating 1 skirted 1 blocky 1 dragon 1 degenerated 1 goosebumps 1 shovels 1 jackrabbits 1 vanilla 1 saint 1 1313 1 impatient 1 attendance 1 detached 1 dared 1 half - mast 1 considering 1 visitor 1 survey 1 car 's 1 parties 1 atrophy 1 winchester 1 gentleman 1 application 1 lumpen 1 driven 1 cruise 1 people 's 1 blocked 1 oyster 1 unload 1 alcan 1 honored 1 manfred 1 spied 1 graft 1 prior 1 multi - jointed 1 tugs 1 hopelessly 1 hanks 1 mainly 1 pug 1 speed 1 located 1 pass 1 insomuch 1 seamless 1 ventures 1 manager 1 arrowheads 1 gizmo 's 1 couch 1 gothic 1 marinated 1 chorus 1 liner 1 tetanus 1 half - collapsed 1 wallowing 1 valley 1 leatherneck 1 write - off 1 hereford 1 russell 1 eyebrow 1 half - formed 1 brittle 1 telescoped 1 snotty 1 adapt 1 imponderable 1 yessiree 1 atom - smasher 1 dish 1 checks 1 putrefied 1 sorted 1 governments 1 geological 1 monday 1 forearms 1 dilate 1 eram 1 kenya 1 route 1 anton 1 smith 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 hysterically 1 developer 1 muscular 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 stygian 1 afford 1 dr 1 doorknob 1 pulling 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 topside 1 anyways 1 patently 1 batteries 1 horrible 1 beams 1 self 1 alarms 1 absence 1 belong 1 nibbled 1 c'm on 1 headgear 1 threat 1 perry 1 jumpstarted 1 astronomer 1 amused 1 cute 1 shortening 1 whitewashed 1 age 1 scrawny 1 dancers 1 there 'd 1 sock 1 infinite 1 warlock 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 darned 1 draft 1 hug 1 scarlet 1 mental 1 rouse 1 howdy 1 tenants 1 bottles 1 key 1 restrooms 1 it 'd 1 prime 1 tiles 1 reckoned 1 harkened 1 yolk 1 tad 1 conquered 1 crinkly 1 monks 1 polyp 1 hope 1 mangled 1 dimly 1 heavy - duty 1 lodges 1 constricted 1 hasty 1 crappy 1 ingenious 1 exist 1 transformed 1 soccer 1 gets 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 devastating 1 hmm 1 brake 1 coherent 1 2 1 cloning 1 flexing 1 heirs 1 glutted 1 ours 1 supercharged 1 sideline 1 poised 1 reportin ' 1 affectation 1 gunned 1 clan 1 sinking 1 regain 1 taxes 1 introduce 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 drover 1 suction 1 taker 1 staggered 1 honors 1 dawn 1 thumbprint 1 jawing 1 glum 1 wait - wait 1 slat 1 hungry 1 affected 1 broadcasting 1 linebacker 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 starched 1 hydraulic 1 fly - buzz 1 cantonese 1 blast 1 plasma 1 wine 1 brrr 1 frequented 1 luck 1 officials 1 mercifully 1 shafts 1 featured 1 pulsing 1 bricks 1 inflamed 1 automatics 1 mucking 1 worn 1 19 1 participation 1 malloy 's 1 dante 1 directory 1 disjointed 1 armoire 1 scythe 1 expected 1 mousetrap 1 clawing 1 poulsbo 1 portrait 1 viscid 1 rib 1 name - unknown 1 rape 1 girl 's 1 habitat 1 steak 1 skipperoo 's 1 dick 1 chemosh 1 langan 1 jiggled 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 welt 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 welled 1 tangled 1 assembled 1 hallucination 1 popped 1 dresser 1 bare 1 professing 1 murmured 1 lord 1 sunburns 1 surprised 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 operated 1 elderly 1 contractors 1 sediment 1 phrases 1 yeoman 's 1 hells - bells 1 corridors 1 fergie 1 act 1 planned 1 throw 1 hula 1 gazelles 1 juices 1 wry 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 biceps 1 pilots 1 admin 1 pulsed 1 day - old 1 thighbone 1 ramshackle 1 jump - cuts 1 mutter 1 universities 1 withered 1 dynamo 1 waned 1 understanding 1 remaining 1 succumbed 1 damaged 1 german 1 imported 1 unobtrusive 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 prowling 1 jabber 1 hayloft 1 cadillac 1 torture 1 peeling 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ropes 1 adequately 1 recycling 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 riding 1 revulsion 1 conservative 1 prickle 1 standout 1 counterpart 1 terrace 1 shatter 1 unsteadily 1 syllable 1 beginnin ' 1 ensconced 1 tailor - made 1 renovated 1 awkward 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 housecleaner 1 drunkenly 1 gulf 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 short - term 1 jumpy 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 corresponded 1 rules 1 regimen 1 d'ya 1 chopper 1 engage 1 soldiering 1 original 1 splashed 1 poke 1 shivering 1 qualis 1 speedy 1 cough 1 armament 1 relations 1 soaked 1 suggested 1 destroyed 1 clearing 1 canada 1 dosage 1 tragically 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 accomplices 1 possible 1 helicopter 1 conspirator 1 bourbons 1 squared 1 hesse 1 tune 1 cramping 1 buttocks 1 mildew 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 queers 1 sworn 1 law 1 trail 1 collective 1 whirled 1 specimen 1 split 1 chicken 1 biological 1 discount 1 1910 1 brat 1 crabs 1 strewed 1 breaching 1 hosted 1 privately 1 verbosity 1 features 1 preferred 1 pleasantries 1 gutters 1 granta 1 harder 1 eli 1 notations 1 communicate 1 cereal 1 gathering 1 inches 1 chips 1 molecular 1 mouths 1 officers 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 preserved 1 yonder 1 jackhammer 1 langans 1 jaws 1 hiring 1 overly 1 enormous 1 intestines 1 group 1 earthquake 1 yep 1 unintelligible 1 buildings 1 five - year - old 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 radio 1 hubbub 1 rained 1 incompletely 1 tycoons 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 penitentiaries 1 wifey 1 queasy 1 urine 1 medical 1 dropping 1 wipe 1 kong 1 fightin ' 1 roads 1 theory 1 respective 1 reach 1 purely 1 eighty - six 'd 1 reliable 1 george 's 1 scarcely 1 twenty - something 1 classified 1 cancun 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 fever 1 foreclosed 1 snugly 1 nba 1 vicinity 1 faithfully 1 fragmented 1 overseer 1 surprisingly 1 worshiping 1 surgeon 1 softer 1 picturesque 1 living 1 prisons 1 deranged 1 traditional 1 itty - bitty 1 gawped 1 afternoons 1 11 1 sufficed 1 flotilla 1 suspected 1 zero 1 pilot 's 1 wagged 1 unwholesome 1 glutinous 1 grins 1 neat 1 saturday 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 moseyed 1 bloke 1 copy 1 practice 1 marianas 1 townies 1 prize 1 dusky 1 definitely 1 data 1 hiked 1 fan 1 hum 1 cantinas 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 beehive 1 confession 1 immigrant 1 bamboo 1 permitted 1 india 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 sedentary 1 bumpkin 1 nursed 1 franklin 1 departure 1 ends 1 bodyguard 1 trophy 1 utterance 1 esteemed 1 screwing 1 span 1 chavez 's 1 birthdays 1 headaches 1 chalked 1 protect 1 herself 1 takes 1 shirtless 1 strand 1 progenitor 1 planet 's 1 feculent 1 ribcage 1 sturdy 1 medications 1 cultures 1 doped 1 abject 1 need n't 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 essence 1 christians 1 jersey 1 mum 1 joked 1 pencil - dick 1 develop 1 dorm 1 watercolor 1 uncovered 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 intensify 1 yielding 1 capered 1 silverfish 1 spaces 1 snort 1 tripped 1 hassled 1 messy 1 expensive 1 18 1 breasts 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 forlorn 1 think - tank 1 grit 1 butter - soft 1 seated 1 start 1 geezer 1 swindled 1 trembled 1 admonished 1 shielded 1 actual 1 obscure 1 jeez 1 piss 1 intertwined 1 profile 1 electric 1 begins 1 jarred 1 notch 1 disco 1 callused 1 arteries 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 describe 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 chippies 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 simmerin ' 1 fistfuls 1 folder 1 flailing 1 fillin ' 1 flask 1 gin 1 giggled 1 traveling 1 reject 1 triple - a 1 acquired 1 jiving 1 natives 1 cooler 1 headphones 1 thousandfold 1 vet 1 flicked 1 detour 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 wrenches 1 marks 1 handy 1 bugs 1 sake 1 barn 's 1 feud 1 exquisitely 1 lamplight 1 ex - sheriff 's 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 prey 1 ted 1 piped 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 amazing 1 gruff 1 squabbles 1 chattered 1 palaver 1 cleft 1 class 1 thousands 1 americana 1 greenhouse 1 polynesia 1 hangers - on 1 sparky 1 rang 1 waist 1 nested 1 threads 1 slender 1 wallet 1 cecil 's 1 calf 1 etching 1 lemmesee 1 rust 1 applicants 1 cleaners 1 storm 1 undignified 1 diving 1 particle 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 parking 1 bargain 1 covetous 1 ducked 1 prickles 1 mid - thigh 1 horn 1 crabbed 1 employees 1 quietly 1 winter 1 ugly 1 investigating 1 fatter 1 sorts 1 servant 1 neither 1 explained 1 rewrote 1 pete 's 1 click - clocked 1 76 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shifted 1 ungainly 1 courthouse 1 cats 1 jungles 1 alto - relievo 1 brace 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 rim 1 fists 1 victim 1 noisy 1 prescribed 1 patrolled 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 swollen 1 stripes 1 means 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 disheveled 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 recall 1 moaned 1 barefoot 1 vfw 1 ached 1 pairing 1 park 1 reasonable 1 shrug 1 frankly 1 avaricious 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 choirboy 1 balanced 1 quagmire 1 darksome 1 microsoft 's 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 documentation 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 overlap 1 aw 1 vanishing 1 max 1 stays 1 axis 1 roll 1 modestly 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 dabbled 1 sand 1 john 1 ranks 1 beethoven 1 overlong 1 delayed 1 tobacco 1 waist - deep 1 seventeen 1 slime 1 glee 1 teat 1 ladder 1 disoriented 1 scar 1 twitches 1 droppings 1 blues 1 mountain 1 compatriots 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 akin 1 druggies 1 funhouse 1 george 1 disgorged 1 flank 1 loads 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 tinged 1 depending 1 dungarees 1 tremendous 1 talker 1 hull 1 feeble 1 hank 1 clubs 1 indigenous 1 meaningless 1 ink 1 receiver 1 gowns 1 banned 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 pizarro 1 1959 1 massively 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 valium 1 quieted 1 westerns 1 uniform 1 short - circuited 1 notes 1 overalls 1 fascinating 1 crashing 1 bid 1 17 1 agrarian 1 homicide 1 tiled 1 twelve 1 erected 1 hurriedly 1 fate 1 pete 1 kat 1 bus 1 intended 1 customs 1 fluorescent 1 drivers 1 handing 1 science 1 manicured 1 sparsa 1 pivoted 1 leather 1 industry 1 themselves 1 august 1 impulsive 1 scraped 1 lobbyists 1 tip 1 gracie 1 departed 1 ku 1 shimmering 1 stagger 1 acquisitions 1 coyly 1 tow 1 chewed 1 displayed 1 psycho 1 younger 1 diaper 1 schedule 1 oklahoma 1 summon 1 applied 1 fabric 1 calmed 1 condemnable 1 eat 1 function 1 scorched 1 looped 1 pony 1 cat 1 modulate 1 growled 1 halfway 1 crew 1 financial 1 wake 1 thrashing 1 configure 1 non 1 grades 1 relegated 1 blaze 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 rashes 1 vermiculate 1 middle - aged 1 practicing 1 ceilings 1 antiseptic 1 indians 1 gourds 1 suffused 1 gorilla 1 hiding 1 klan 1 resisted 1 tailgate 1 heir 1 deserved 1 sobriety 1 dump 1 focus 1 basis 1 ability 1 knee - jerk 1 slithering 1 hemingway 1 tommy 1 employed 1 world - beater 1 son 's 1 granddad 1 waggled 1 trailer 1 13 - wide 1 yellowing 1 sighed 1 gems 1 gauzy 1 feats 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 garage 1 settled 1 barret 1 razor 1 merry 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 accurate 1 khakis 1 centralia 1 off - campus 1 se 1 miter 1 remove 1 scribble 1 jittering 1 blooming 1 unrecognizable 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 disappeared 1 trudging 1 hick 1 elephant 1 scattering 1 familial 1 ritual 1 tattled 1 golfer 's 1 piglet 1 des 1 buttons 1 conceding 1 offing 1 healthy 1 buzzing 1 sublevels 1 battleship 1 nitty - gritty 1 gucci 1 missin ' 1 could ' ve 1 squawked 1 studying 1 unsavory 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 consider 1 alliance 1 twins 1 bathrobe 1 dissolve 1 satanism 1 dating 1 twitching 1 weapon 1 zombie 1 stonehenge 1 lower 1 freight 1 contracted 1 gestated 1 lipstick 1 heavens 1 lit 1 accounts 1 soo 1 slit 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 posh 1 bothers 1 crosshatched 1 yoo - hoo 1 neighborhood 1 digging 1 et 1 scratching 1 contamination 1 fractures 1 involved 1 pulses 1 ambulance 1 entourage 1 god - awful 1 undercurrent 1 founded 1 newton 1 drone 1 university 1 loud 1 baptists 1 pocus 1 deserves 1 today 's 1 visiting 1 dt 's 1 undocumented 1 faux 1 eggshell 1 spilling 1 ninety - eight 1 inventions 1 clap 1 seventy - five 1 diesel 1 therapist 1 corroded 1 sickened 1 deposited 1 ranging 1 ship 1 ahh 1 teams 1 gravid 1 unattached 1 ex - jarhead 1 straps 1 powerful 1 rum 1 boxed 1 alarmingly 1 peripheral 1 tangles 1 fractured 1 crisis 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 bunched 1 impending 1 specter 1 ruled 1 banquets 1 exit 1 gurgling 1 acres 1 axes 1 coven 1 havoc 1 margie 1 unpacked 1 tavern 1 culture 1 movements 1 curve 1 genetic 1 smug 1 furrow 1 inscrutable 1 carries 1 dublin 1 rattlesnake 1 all - american 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 esoteric 1 shipped 1 ye 1 dialer 1 guttural 1 exchanged 1 desolate 1 recent 1 so - called 1 beth 's 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 migraine 1 australia 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 tweeds 1 padded 1 beheld 1 gaped 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 roused 1 menagerie 1 carved 1 phoned 1 snipped 1 fetus 1 bake 1 formations 1 borrowed 1 halls 1 ton 1 allowance 1 directed 1 depressing 1 compounded 1 blearily 1 stub 1 killer 1 garbled 1 theater - sized 1 walnut 1 startle 1 plunged 1 flashed 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 marker 1 thunderous 1 prominent 1 skirt 1 earl 1 abscond 1 murder 1 maniacal 1 yogis 1 hurry 1 aka 1 intemperate 1 abductions 1 teagues 1 masked 1 flaccidly 1 deciding 1 fern 1 master 's 1 baby 1 praying 1 addiction 1 shoulda 1 respectable 1 84 1 murk 1 crews 1 considerin ' 1 tailor 1 equilibrium 1 humps 1 vanished 1 spiky 1 ribs 1 evolved 1 executive 1 seed 1 socialites 1 parcel 1 jammed 1 possessed 1 lie 1 confiding 1 abstractedly 1 various 1 klux 1 shellshock 1 lanky 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 strutted 1 harper 's 1 idled 1 overwhelming 1 lint 1 lapped 1 biologist 1 july 1 decorated 1 hid 1 may 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 operations 1 institutionalized 1 coyotes 1 casinos 1 installed 1 attached 1 chasms 1 kermit 1 trained 1 immediate 1 keloid 1 1916 1 requested 1 caltech 1 porn 1 getup 1 ace 1 census 1 hurried 1 relieved 1 wardrobe 1 wild - ass 1 communities 1 tigers 1 mockery 1 blocks 1 tactics 1 fooling 1 wryly 1 tickling 1 bastard 's 1 inheritors 1 examination 1 holds 1 stultified 1 impulse 1 dungeon 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 hamstrung 1 drawings 1 casings 1 clandestine 1 error 1 clicked 1 crimson 1 discerning 1 toppled 1 leaking 1 brandy 1 managed 1 mastiffs 1 southeast 1 loped 1 bulging 1 vault 1 hulking 1 416 1 farmland 1 proved 1 identical 1 event 1 swaggered 1 cheating 1 retained 1 maw 1 stevens 1 feed 's 1 oxygen 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 contemplated 1 included 1 pucker 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 veritable 1 blackened 1 rot 1 three - quarters 1 straggled 1 stander 1 fishbowl 1 offended 1 pressure 1 punctiliously 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 traversed 1 eagerly 1 lusterless 1 cortical 1 trim 1 maple 1 spit 1 maroon 1 coverlet 1 federal 1 cheekbone 1 shacking 1 largely 1 heritage 1 mt 1 gaunt 1 outright 1 geographic 1 polynesian 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 pub 1 1890s 1 flopping 1 profundo 1 lieutenant 1 snowball 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 gears 1 statuary 1 tubes 1 paw 1 convulsion 1 collect 1 eyewitness 1 shackled 1 cockamamie 1 slammed 1 skewed 1 toast 1 rigging 1 bandages 1 exhaustion 1 fund 1 fear 1 emigrated 1 ha 1 hobo 1 shaitan 1 legally 1 unlikely 1 79 1 stoic 1 half - full 1 clattering 1 clobber 1 guinness 1 plugged 1 b - barn 1 corral 1 incomprehensible 1 royally 1 elephantine 1 cash 1 vacate 1 jacking 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 gossen 's 1 disinterest 1 lonnie 1 500 1 shipping 1 forbade 1 islands 1 ruined 1 join 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 rumbling 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 ballroom 1 uw 1 charismatic 1 jacob 1 gentle 1 councilman 1 beetles 1 ruby 's 1 where ' ve 1 unit 1 contagious 1 lobotomizing 1 piled 1 traitorously 1 diggin ' 1 two - finger 1 drooping 1 musty 1 socket 1 marengo 1 febrile 1 greater 1 rows 1 formidable 1 dangerous 1 salter 's 1 uncapped 1 secondhand 1 script 1 dayshift 1 discussed 1 comfortable 1 saddle 1 june 1 grain 1 grinds 1 north 1 ducts 1 recollection 1 16 1 dispossessed 1 grounded 1 existed 1 chamber 1 mortals 1 majored 1 candidates 1 computer 1 dealt 1 staccato 1 ambitions 1 ward 1 jubilantly 1 dubious 1 admiration 1 dining 1 mel 1 nastiness 1 rancid 1 retrieve 1 pained 1 off - limits 1 crewcut 1 sexy 1 routinely 1 cooling 1 classical 1 1958 1 ph 1 snowy 1 ghoulish 1 graveyard - shift 1 framework 1 jewelry 1 gasses 1 eyed 1 prone 1 praise 1 miranda 1 bulls 1 combs 1 stitched 1 accustomed 1 tan 1 scientific 1 stockyard 1 madcap 1 planks 1 blighted 1 pa 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 trespassing 1 magnificently 1 tossed 1 velvet - dim 1 disturbance 1 egghead 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 two - inch 1 drunkenness 1 o 1 apparatus 1 housing 1 string 1 mustache 1 heaves 1 infidels 1 kinky 1 psychology 1 cannibal 1 imitation 1 animated 1 notebook 1 fitting 1 buddy 1 apprised 1 apart 1 achieve 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 yessir 1 stretched 1 swirl 1 alert 1 darting 1 corners 1 hotel 1 jowls 1 smoldered 1 cuba 1 trove 1 muckin ' 1 ribbed 1 keeps 1 outskirts 1 drapes 1 1915 1 revelry 1 83 1 drooled 1 desperate 1 friendliness 1 reliably 1 gnawed 1 medication 1 coarse 1 lined 1 grant 1 pompoms 1 ample 1 alongside 1 filling 1 apple 1 despite 1 dramas 1 switched 1 nameless 1 citizen 1 picturing 1 meditating 1 junior 1 wacky 1 temperature 1 lodge 1 constructs 1 minutes 1 panels 1 korea 1 pine 1 powers 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 clover 1 lolled 1 corpsman 1 revisited 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 charge 1 daggers 1 rusty 1 weals 1 toys 1 sandwiches 1 pitchforks 1 false 1 macy 1 inferior 1 facility 1 periodic 1 eels 1 what 're 1 airplanes 1 ill - fitting 1 brewery 1 twenties 1 outburst 1 observed 1 moonbeams 1 uh - hmm 1 ponytail 1 profane 1 spaghetti 1 texas 1 chin 1 indiscretions 1 gettin ' 1 thicker 1 via 1 whisper 1 kit 1 scorpions 1 syrup 1 owns 1 scars 1 chops 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 fleshy 1 darkest 1 hoarse 1 rail 1 actress 1 gift 1 pumpkins 1 dresses 1 partying 1 indemnity 1 mmm - mm 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 uncles 1 frayed 1 stonily 1 rift 1 planet 1 unhinge 1 carlotta 1 effect 1 revolved 1 bushes 1 ufos 1 backs 1 piano 1 floatin ' 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 jags 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 southwest 1 entrance 1 blackening 1 bullshit 1 bunks 1 wanders 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 scenic 1 combined 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 yammering 1 play 1 4 1 blanked 1 drifting 1 ribbon 1 thinks 1 wobbly 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 circuits 1 learned 1 migrate 1 robed 1 there ' 1 malicious 1 scab 1 mighty 1 cable 1 distraction 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 spotty 1 flapping 1 proper ' 1 heal 1 ceded 1 accelerate 1 traipsed 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 seal 1 access 1 incredible 1 ol ' 1 board 1 etcetera 1 carrots 1 choked 1 unaccounted 1 chopped 1 latticed 1 advisers 1 grasp 1 activity 1 gooks 1 tissues 1 presence 1 urban 1 fabrication 1 peasant 1 swig 1 dumpster 1 nudged 1 sobered 1 reckon 1 chicks 1 lonely 1 slackened 1 brushfire 1 cow 1 beauty 1 fussy 1 cheyenne 1 virginia 1 mozart 1 snakes 1 sheriff 1 thailand 1 cans 1 stretch 1 grotty 1 solemnly 1 grafted 1 western 1 faced 1 cabbage 1 nipples 1 skimmed 1 mastermind 1 quart 1 bonus 1 jesse 1 surging 1 bijou 1 rosebushes 1 abundance 1 scavengers 1 beard 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 browning 1 barrel 1 meeting 1 geography 1 varying 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 alaska 1 levitate 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 maverick 1 nests 1 unstoppable 1 companion 1 swiped 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 engines 1 visions 1 tits - up 1 african 1 contact 1 famous 1 bearers 1 muertos 1 slippers 1 plane 1 wrestler 1 sizzle 1 quaaludes 1 seek 1 spider 1 sylvester 1 lavey 's 1 forcing 1 wrenched 1 barkin ' 1 forsythia 1 hunted 1 hung - over 1 fighting 1 pronounce 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 chick 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 respecting 1 tea 1 elocution 1 men 's 1 1927 1 surfing 1 half - finished 1 four - star 1 plinth 1 adrenalized 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 paragraphs 1 settlement 1 magician 1 widows 1 pouring 1 empire 1 yourself 1 proposed 1 farewell 1 frills 1 passion 1 unwieldy 1 bona 1 era 1 unclear 1 smellin ' 1 ransacked 1 rattlesnakes 1 additional 1 canasta 1 oil - stained 1 tickled 1 stare 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 twinkled 1 bustin ' 1 wrangling 1 trench 1 repressed 1 loaned 1 correspondence 1 chicanery 1 sneering 1 reformed 1 absently 1 spiel 1 whirring 1 pangs 1 freezing 1 turkey 1 admiring 1 whipping 1 curled 1 slug 1 clusters 1 hutchison 1 grief 1 shout 1 ahem 1 gunner 1 watery 1 ankles 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 ceremonial 1 biology 1 tiger - striped 1 quarters 1 hector 1 off - duty 1 impossibly 1 spoiled 1 grace 1 plus 1 necking 1 brillo 1 askin ' 1 yelm 1 quaked 1 denial 1 cup 1 gadgets 1 skins 1 zippo 1 peering 1 emergo 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 pattered 1 poger 1 bopped 1 laugh 1 arrange 1 magicians 1 sponge 1 mom 1 rotted 1 countless 1 sadistic 1 indicated 1 vow 1 threw 1 nebulas 1 power 1 self - made 1 gangrenous 1 traitorous 1 sneered 1 period 1 coop 1 strong - arm 1 inexorably 1 claim 1 heh 1 calming 1 deposits 1 pads 1 forbidden 1 mansion 1 mummy 1 players 1 flick 1 thy 1 stroking 1 groovy 1 sluice 1 plants 1 policeman 's 1 heavies 1 grating 1 exotic 1 adaptation 1 bend 1 patted 1 downed 1 aunt 1 speaking 1 cortez 1 argentina 1 systems 1 inherited 1 might ' ve 1 grip 1 sticking 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 add 1 surgery 1 essentials 1 swell 1 including 1 control 1 sue 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 bureau 1 february 1 revolves 1 mit 1 5 1 blankets 1 barb 1 kick 1 happens 1 content 1 phalluses 1 crypts 1 treads 1 peacock 1 timely 1 pussy 1 1926 1 wife 's 1 frowning 1 rolodex 1 agree 1 boston 1 fellas 1 transport 1 solely 1 festered 1 pill- 1 sifted 1 create 1 below 1 altered 1 vans 1 o'clock 1 lamb 's 1 pitying 1 shaped 1 gut 1 pinafore 1 critically 1 communion 1 adventure 1 grade 1 stalling 1 eerily 1 cultist 1 unannounced 1 methods 1 1947 1 shroud 1 nonstop 1 squeaked 1 prototype 1 t 1 latrine 1 laying 1 futility 1 sad 1 duration 1 american - controlled 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 shitting 1 mock 1 writing 1 wooly 1 marry 1 whack 1 ticket 1 parkinson 's 1 implements 1 undone 1 loosest 1 naw 1 drunks 1 rising 1 boulders 1 dented 1 corrections 1 suits 1 strangling 1 distinction 1 caller 1 champing 1 relative 1 packet 1 gasping 1 inverse 1 mannequin 1 saucer 1 ignited 1 forms 1 neutral 1 hampton 1 childhood 1 four - point - oh 1 mask 1 precluded 1 scans 1 who 's 1 spirits 1 heartbeat 1 shoved 1 impaired 1 salmon 1 bundle 1 post 1 nifty 1 sprinkling 1 lever 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 gaslight 1 muted 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pins 1 slope 1 oughta 1 pack 1 cistern 1 heaving 1 connection 1 closest 1 listening 1 mayor 1 procured 1 definition 1 spanish 1 bang 1 polka 1 prowlers 1 mesmerized 1 condensation 1 breathed 1 tumor 1 swedish 1 slobbering 1 sculptures 1 beast 1 amongst 1 regis 1 clinic 1 wild - eyed 1 middleweight 1 opener 1 monthly 1 bulldozer 1 prairie 1 highlights 1 joint 1 replied 1 alternate 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 horse 's 1 cooking 1 promotion 1 mysteries 1 manufacturer 1 husky 1 chock 1 wheezy 1 1895 1 coverall 1 unlit 1 winding 1 pick 1 upward 1 ambience 1 dyed - in - the - wool 1 discussing 1 grudgingly 1 tear 1 broadly 1 13 1 distinguish 1 graves 1 relics 1 saved 1 effects 1 healed 1 drained 1 newly 1 crumbling 1 date 1 oriental 1 anxieties 1 implication 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 install 1 leaded 1 wit 1 antibiotics 1 pistols 1 happening 1 crazy - mean 1 flesh - tone 1 shades 1 elevating 1 solitary 1 brings 1 high - tech 1 crusty 1 lind 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 closing 1 doomed 1 ambitious 1 15 1 battles 1 nip 1 jangling 1 isolated 1 sofa 1 model 1 national 1 ma 1 reserve 1 spooked 1 stand 1 streamers 1 neighbors 1 fist 1 undulating 1 blackberry 1 doorjamb 1 staid 1 addressed 1 stainless 1 explain 1 beginning 1 mid-'60s 1 rilled 1 knotty 1 highly 1 rifles 1 husbands 1 similarly 1 essay - worthy 1 briton 1 strictly 1 genial 1 musta 1 bums 1 wheat 1 peckers 1 futile 1 sooner 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 supervisor 1 clark 1 driver 's 1 double - headed 1 tiered 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 places 1 slight 1 rice 1 encouragement 1 smog 1 midwest 1 imposition 1 45 1 safely 1 attract 1 sailed 1 slip 1 injuries 1 lean 1 belts 1 blow 1 fabricated 1 primal 1 grieving 1 articles 1 prove 1 entertain 1 reputation 1 altar 1 hold - ups 1 disposed 1 graced 1 stalks 1 cart 1 bellevue 1 sauna 1 hymn 1 episodes 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 unusual 1 opaque 1 closet 1 trace 1 earned 1 extra 1 touched 1 bonfire 1 hinges 1 candlelit 1 goods 1 motto 1 wimpy 1 yards 1 snufalupagus 1 sun - dried 1 caw - ca - caw 1 groove 1 purple 1 spooky 1 toy 1 sucks 1 nicked 1 densely 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 trussed 1 crows 1 charity 1 clump 1 pseudo - honeymoon 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 henhouse 1 boredom 1 pistol - whipping 1 evident 1 hinky 1 faithful 1 aspera 1 malaysia 1 carousel 1 wandering 1 raising 1 tellin ' 1 lucrative 1 dawned 1 wally - dear 1 half - expected 1 ramming 1 bengal 1 everybody 1 kicker 1 waved 1 cemetery 1 pistol 1 butts 1 deck 1 reshaping 1 triangle 1 sledgehammer 1 bakkers 1 med 1 circulatin ' 1 budge 1 speaker 1 defeat 1 remains 1 tactical 1 morass 1 salute 1 tales 1 hotels 1 murky 1 faltered 1 movement 1 lazy 1 baroque 1 removed 1 varnished 1 cadence 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 violent 1 pixilated 1 noggin 1 godofbloatchemoshbaalpeeorbelphegor 1 luxury 1 demon 1 kelp 1 kindergartner 1 acquire 1 strain 1 nosed 1 calaban 1 separated 1 get - go 1 types 1 accepting 1 apex 1 monitor 1 rested 1 abroad 1 zigzag 1 hicks 1 land 's 1 puhlease 1 parlors 1 memories 1 revolvers 1 hunt 1 credit 1 determine 1 undulation 1 steadied 1 become 1 snapped 1 fuss 1 reams 1 motions 1 disavowed 1 burned 1 meds 1 louder 1 perfume 1 v - j 1 dental 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 cherry 1 hairspray 1 texture 1 buddies 1 pitched 1 pleased 1 assistance 1 swing 1 chose 1 stares 1 lead 1 leaves 1 caution 1 glaciers 1 shivered 1 receded 1 discipline 1 sip 1 wishes 1 phlegm 1 comic 1 resemblance 1 black - and - white 1 governor 's 1 blueprints 1 shoving 1 glittering 1 mustard - yellow 1 blackjack 1 unhappy 1 whisked 1 spouting 1 whose 1 ditty 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 photographic 1 cd 1 depicting 1 pillows 1 backward - slanting 1 coagulation 1 america 1 anarchist 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 encourage 1 engineering 1 slowed 1 scheme 1 lodged 1 complacent 1 bound 1 chauffeur 1 uncle 1 attorney - at - law 1 leg 1 october 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 reported 1 butted 1 fall 1 bowels 1 peruvian 1 terror 1 camel 1 tarot 1 pinching 1 docks 1 naturally 1 avocations 1 ineffable 1 happenin 's 1 conducted 1 superconductor 1 thoughtful 1 bayonet 1 transylvanian 1 featureless 1 patriarch 1 landscaped 1 shelled 1 forever 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 refuses 1 hanford 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 devil 's 1 specifically 1 army 1 movers 1 sprang 1 sadness 1 eyeballing 1 leaden 1 enjoyed 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 plushest 1 shakes 1 dumb 1 africa 1 circuit 1 ducking 1 court 1 milled 1 razed 1 clientele 1 backed 1 orphaned 1 introspection 1 progress 1 minor 1 lovers 1 sleepy 1 high - stakes 1 structures 1 elizabeth 1 reeled 1 performin ' 1 civilized 1 clanging 1 evolve 1 rolls 1 tropical 1 perturb 1 membranous 1 oh - so - cozy 1 countries 1 thermostat 1 towel 1 anti - mirror 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 bucks 1 appearances 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 intermarried 1 tuna 1 block 1 achilles ' 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 regards 1 grow 1 double 1 distinctly 1 sum 1 hoeing 1 edgy 1 hallucinatory 1 dabbing 1 greek 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 brief 1 crushed 1 array 1 dad 's 1 estimated 1 scowling 1 denture - perfect 1 steeped 1 streaks 1 allowed 1 what - have - you 1 site 1 net 1 we ' ve 1 gobi 1 laboratory 1 arcane 1 moped 1 walrus 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 remind 1 worst 1 slugs 1 marbles 1 barbwire 1 wizard 1 witness 1 shucks 1 imagined 1 gardener 1 knuckle 1 disney 1 badger 1 cubes 1 stalwart 1 stew 1 fluttered 1 wasps ' 1 abomination 's 1 afflicted 1 thousand 1 foul 1 avant - garde 1 craggy 1 nights 1 reasons 1 gatherings 1 half - dozen 1 miners 1 heel 1 witch 1 hem 1 run - of - the - mill 1 migrated 1 developments 1 marine 1 hiccupping 1 amassing 1 provoked 1 carted 1 magnet 1 remarkably 1 combed 1 thickened 1 joints 1 barbs 1 steer 1 homegrown 1 manmade 1 foyer 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 1954 1 emphasis 1 infection 1 tore 1 moon 1 vertical 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 sewage 1 tar 1 lispy 1 churning 1 skimpy 1 lassitude 1 slouched 1 waltz 1 coughed 1 walker 1 doodads 1 timber 1 mandarin 1 popular 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 caddy 1 ruins 1 fide 1 digger 1 feels 1 traffic 1 yorker 1 shocking 1 death - warmed - over 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 no - go 1 entrenched 1 benchwarmer 1 bandaged 1 livid 1 students 1 locally 1 reassured 1 rash 1 guy 's 1 countered 1 hennessy 1 recovered 1 retired 1 scabs 1 markers 1 folds 1 christmases 1 breed 1 cries 1 fantastic 1 denim 1 pitch 1 converted 1 y'might 1 illegitimate 1 steam 1 homestead 1 reserved 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 sensual 1 sharpened 1 buzzer 1 indispensable 1 putrescence 1 masonic 1 involving 1 litter 1 witches 1 weeks 1 epicenter 1 cider 1 tower 1 cars 1 formula 1 horizon 1 umbrella 1 wattage 1 leery 1 convolutions 1 increased 1 frequent 1 pop - eyed 1 pretend 1 frames 1 profs 1 domes 1 approached 1 weapons 1 haunting 1 grandma 's 1 disgusted 1 elongated 1 hanger 1 flanks 1 food 1 knick - knacks 1 vision 1 squishing 1 dray 1 cloth 1 warps 1 bits 1 one - time 1 bright 1 satan 1 flowed 1 rut 1 summer 1 titters 1 barked 1 aquarium 1 waste 1 push 1 bypass 1 precise 1 hand - sewn 1 hollowness 1 butlery 1 whiskey 1 populated 1 finest 1 jameson 1 operate 1 labor 1 license 1 extra - wide 1 bags 1 periphery 1 knot 1 evolution 1 sorcerer 1 explanation 1 prying 1 7 1 w - what 1 scholarship 1 tool 1 undersea 1 twittered 1 mount 1 unkind 1 impressive 1 doubled 1 sinews 1 snoqualmie 1 night 's 1 overrun 1 barn - b - barn 1 kamikaze 1 charred 1 orders 1 courted 1 staph 1 hong 1 pissed 1 alarm 1 complained 1 fragile 1 vaguely 1 massaged 1 tramping 1 aged 1 rimless 1 amazement 1 bosom 1 alcohol - fueled 1 something 's 1 duties 1 thewed 1 buncha 1 shining 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 nabbed 1 comforter 1 official 1 inattentiveness 1 solve 1 securing 1 ad 1 willies 1 link 1 grilled - in 1 lingered 1 bric - a - bracs 1 chat 1 thatcher 1 heating 1 leaks 1 airlifted 1 snowshoes 1 parlor 1 judgment 1 conical 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 northwestern 1 macabre 1 trash 1 expert 1 female 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 carter 1 bolted 1 incident 1 attack 1 regenerative 1 biblical 1 reeked 1 amalgam 1 prehistoric 1 dandelions 1 hardy 1 urge 1 nylon 1 intermittent 1 worshipers 1 dose 1 visited 1 motive 1 two - headed 1 supersymmetry 1 filaments 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 saturated 1 chaos 1 braids 1 adams ' 1 cotter 1 transferred 1 albino 1 brushloads 1 assure 1 haggard 1 morphine 1 demerol 1 squat 1 rounds 1 payback 1 wolf 1 slapping 1 centered 1 tackle 1 lunged 1 controlled 1 mood 1 rustling 1 stale 1 youngsters 1 x - ray 1 draped 1 furiously 1 legendary 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 oddly 1 frying 1 problems 1 numero 1 kirlian 1 lowered 1 engineer 1 hysteria 1 inched 1 pyre 1 ovo 1 elks 1 sections 1 reed 1 tripping 1 companies 1 1967 1 accessory 1 wasps 1 chemical - rich 1 beans 1 vienna 1 comprehension 1 crippled 1 seesawed 1 prohibitive 1 bow 1 signature 1 happenstance 1 gobs 1 inhalation 1 cinders 1 legible 1 elf 1 viciousness 1 intact 1 darted 1 radar 1 sonsofbitches 1 crackling 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 hallucinating 1 magnum 1 sharpness 1 subordinates 1 lookin ' 1 yapped 1 serrated 1 telemarketer 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 generator 1 brouhaha 1 washroom 1 frog 1 razzle - dazzle 1 glad 1 brit 1 hatched 1 helmut 1 spikes 1 tire 1 commanded 1 donated 1 babbling 1 written 1 unable 1 rap 1 dude 1 bullets 1 gritted 1 completed 1 buddha 1 coors 1 suffered 1 obtained 1 nickel - plated 1 tearing 1 wants 1 splinted 1 solemn 1 blitzed 1 apparently 1 multi - tiered 1 big - game 1 off - key 1 recessed 1 myself 1 echoed 1 headlock 1 proceeding 1 jellyfish 1 steiners 1 smartest 1 grains 1 painting 1 how 'd 1 dope 1 waaay 1 skips 1 high - class 1 sandy 1 acted 1 wear 1 stony 1 357 1 acuity 1 filigreed 1 pastures 1 loops 1 echoes 1 dollars 1 johnsons 1 lattice 1 legal 1 pegboard 1 statue 1 nuptials 1 diapers 1 trusted 1 fleeing 1 level 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 coupled 1 resistant 1 slap 1 yellowstone 1 youth 1 monogrammed 1 star - winner 1 threshing 1 perfectly 1 bicep 1 straightened 1 waded 1 puppy 1 wasted 1 apathy 1 waterlogged 1 indefatigable 1 they ' ve 1 lowed 1 troubled 1 yokel 1 shy 1 wits 1 studded 1 lawmakers 1 vandyke 1 dodged 1 doom 1 triple 1 craned 1 laureate 1 corner 1 reishi 1 cocktail 1 brother 's 1 aides 1 gourd 1 experimental 1 apace 1 mother 1 honor 1 beaming 1 industries 1 other 's 1 delivery 1 gnawing 1 nationalities 1 windup 1 leash 1 sixteen 1 gregarious 1 leered 1 glitter 1 originally 1 astra 1 limp 1 egregiously 1 screeched 1 unpleasant 1 slackly 1 nor 1 responsible 1 looks 1 sneak 1 wander 1 pinewood 1 predicting 1 reached 1 tracked 1 swarthy 1 hairline 1 argue 1 beef 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 must ' ve 1 transitions 1 finance 1 straw 1 socials 1 chandelier 1 fashion 1 esophageal 1 genuflection 1 quickly 1 bleakly 1 movie - star 1 trailing 1 moving 1 spur 1 muckety - mucks 1 promises 1 crapped 1 rushed 1 quivered 1 twenty - first 1 anywhere 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 undergrad 1 daylight 1 hitch 1 boor 1 mounted 1 sign 1 perimeter 1 ought 1 chucked 1 confessed 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 thirty 1 influence 1 pornography 1 flytraps 1 floating 1 stashed 1 madmen 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 puppets 1 snares 1 resolve 1 unmade 1 magically 1 bumpin ' 1 step 1 mesh 1 balloon 1 stress 1 neurotic 1 confiscated 1 brushed 1 skipped 1 sunken 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 rag 1 tradition 1 patriarchs 1 dodgers 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 crowded 1 thereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfill 1 fouled 1 obliterating 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 trap 1 bacterial 1 bulb 1 pimply 1 paunch 1 pull 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 plodded 1 dread 1 robbin ' 1 divide 1 sinister 1 gait 1 keyholes 1 speculation 1 color 1 stitches 1 prodigy 1 hurled 1 watered 1 mindless 1 discounting 1 crowned 1 florid 1 reading 1 distanced 1 axe - handle 1 farmin ' 1 android 1 adventures 1 superconducting 1 youngish 1 expectations 1 jumpsuits 1 mitigated 1 translucence 1 shelf 1 briars 1 moines 1 suing 1 snaky 1 enfolded 1 blooms 1 aerospace 1 palpable 1 shabby 1 chestnut - paneled 1 betcha 1 rn 1 twenty - mile - long 1 theoretical 1 inevitable 1 refrigerator 1 tacked 1 railroad 1 witch 's 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 backseat 1 loading 1 purple - black 1 ivory 1 louise 1 gruffly 1 screams 1 screening 1 sonny 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 trophies 1 unspeakable 1 constellations 1 shutting 1 books 1 doolittle 1 hosiery 1 baked 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 luctor 1 talkin ' 1 preposterously 1 baritone 1 spoken 1 scion 1 buckles 1 wings 1 circled 1 vain 1 garb 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 stepped 1 capabilities 1 goat 1 cursed 1 patio 1 cons 1 paint 1 snap 1 conveyed 1 bracketed 1 champagne 1 psychedelic 1 jostled 1 granite 1 prospect 1 contacted 1 fish - black 1 successful 1 sandals 1 handily 1 minimal 1 technician 1 headed 1 decaying 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 ate 1 cupped 1 jacob 's 1 ivy - covered 1 comrades 1 unfaithful 1 unseasonably 1 gardener 's 1 rankled 1 imperial - era 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 landowner 1 acknowledging 1 awhile 1 ab 1 reign 1 spinning 1 sang 1 general 1 century 1 tent 1 spelled 1 bourbon 1 agreed 1 manure 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 lobbyist 1 subsided 1 five 1 confusion 1 clock 1 closer 1 senses 1 cavernous 1 granddaughter 1 cathedral 1 semi - valuable 1 pointy 1 heightened 1 gently 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 adult 1 sidelines 1 crow 1 seem 1 whispers 1 flowing 1 falls 1 interviewed 1 elephants 1 clung 1 schematics 1 well - digger 's 1 raucously 1 babies 1 organisms 1 souvenirs 1 vineland 1 eats 1 tunnel 1 tendons 1 contours 1 cookbook 1 sneaked 1 terminated 1 unearthed 1 blank 1 boss ' 1 boars 1 expense 1 acting 1 tube - feeding 1 social 1 bloom 1 suet 1 helped 1 hunter 1 modern 1 pathetic 1 bees 1 kennedy 1 lines 1 lampposts 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 goddesses 1 glinted 1 overtones 1 photographing 1 ballooned 1 subatomic 1 hypermutation 1 minus 1 paddy 1 whizz - bang 1 greener 1 remembrance 1 favored 1 extremities 1 bloodshot 1 kiln 1 spirit 1 involvement 1 thumbed 1 mattocks 1 investigation 1 certainty 1 obsidian 1 foolishness 1 jew 1 cavalry 1 traces 1 uppers 1 gawk 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 strikes 1 visitors 1 fart 1 where 'd 1 glom 1 yeats 1 imploded 1 greed 1 assholes 1 latest 1 works 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 genius 1 calves 1 residence 1 thirst 1 peaceful 1 mornin ' 1 sadly 1 nauseated 1 praised 1 divorces 1 butter 1 instincts 1 dour 1 listen 1 unfiltered 1 spectrum 1 things - to - do 1 foundation 1 improvements 1 metals 1 cranky 1 swanky 1 hips 1 revolver 1 marconi 1 jacket 1 floorboards 1 underground 1 hugged 1 informed 1 flyin ' 1 aborigines 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 repair 1 fountain 1 scientists 1 jd 1 standard 1 trousers 1 community 1 pair 1 deed 1 feared 1 success 1 leap 1 carbines 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 vases 1 cigs 1 freakishly 1 lantern 1 implicated 1 appearance 1 keyhole 1 h 1 quaint 1 destroy 1 seriously 1 feces 1 ramrod 1 chopping 1 structure 917 .
proboscis - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 proboscis 544 the 320 a 281 and 217 i 192 of 160 to 156 was 129 in 108 my 77 on 74 with 71 it 68 me 60 he 56 for 53 that 46 you 44 his 41 were 41 from 39 as 39 had 39 at 34 said 33 an 30 what 29 cruz 29 her 28 by 28 they 26 or 26 if 26 hart 23 she 23 this 23 like 22 one 22 did n't 21 but 21 been 20 was n't 20 into 19 up 19 too 19 over 18 some 18 about 16 no 16 we 16 back 16 be 16 there 16 when 16 through 15 got 15 all 15 out 14 even 14 mounds 14 its 14 him 14 know 14 down 13 right 13 where 13 car 12 did 12 more 12 so 12 are 12 i 'd 12 do 12 not 11 something 11 way 11 our 11 george 11 how 11 their 11 time 11 piers 11 face 11 while 10 i ' m 10 after 10 man 10 them 10 hand 10 door 9 rob 9 would 9 who 9 just 9 much 9 only 9 yeah 9 road 9 off 9 couple 9 then 9 here 9 could n't 9 see 8 going 8 behind 8 he 'd 8 cruz 's 8 mima 8 girl 8 maybe 8 light 8 because 8 across 8 side 8 around 7 say 7 ai n't 7 do n't 7 went 7 penny 7 heard 7 almost 7 kids 7 okay 7 wanted 7 now 7 chevy 7 few 7 call 7 eyes 7 had n't 7 took 7 still 7 thought 7 looked 7 asked 7 guy 7 which 7 shirt 7 enough 7 us 7 along 6 carly 6 real 6 get 6 they 'd 6 than 6 your 6 other 6 hung 6 well 6 world 6 made 6 turned 6 lot 6 began 6 bit 6 hell 6 nothing 6 home 6 rock 6 long 6 let 6 sylvia 6 shoulder 6 tried 5 ran 5 hear 5 truck 5 show 5 could 5 hair 5 near 5 many 5 kept 5 radio 5 x 5 great 5 smiled 5 woman 5 came 5 hart 's 5 again 5 against 5 mind 5 another 5 row 5 windows 5 waited 5 is 5 cell 5 phone 5 we 'd 5 told 5 hours 5 valise 5 open 5 have 5 caught 5 started 5 miles 5 among 5 trees 5 six 5 yet 5 put 5 myself 5 counter 5 before 4 gone 4 frickin ' 4 ear 4 wheel 4 milk 4 tv 4 bad 4 who 'd 4 hill 4 never 4 coffee 4 cheek 4 those 4 away 4 hush 4 past 4 under 4 button 4 neck 4 piece 4 sure 4 voice 4 any 4 look 4 parking 4 there 's 4 left 4 insects 4 last 4 hit 4 make 4 trailer 4 could ' ve 4 worried 4 hard 4 sound 4 field 4 would n't 4 days 4 place 4 studied 4 front 4 police 4 everything 4 poger 4 old 4 during 4 according 4 station 4 getting 4 ray - bo 4 might 4 legs 4 thanks 4 two 4 close 4 blood 4 cars 4 sun 4 between 4 book 4 beetle 4 friend 4 called 4 window 4 night 4 victoria 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 anything 4 thing 4 high 4 picture 3 dropped 3 belonged 3 cool 3 resembled 3 people 3 really 3 rocks 3 better 3 piers ' 3 grounds 3 recognize 3 set 3 agent 3 white 3 nasty 3 russell 3 scotch 3 want 3 gas 3 talking 3 little 3 passed 3 gave 3 bug 3 brother 3 buildings 3 follow 3 chest 3 slumped 3 creek 3 someone 3 whole 3 would ' ve 3 regarding 3 parked 3 seen 3 blind 3 park 3 probably 3 less 3 decided 3 paper 3 next 3 toward 3 uh 3 big 3 middle 3 film 3 handed 3 glass 3 engine 3 inside 3 somebody 3 seemed 3 except 3 nobody 3 washington 3 broken 3 reports 3 office 3 news 3 stood 3 remember 3 comanche 3 also 3 cut 3 coming 3 broom 3 camera 3 catch 3 floated 3 dirt 3 dying 3 guys 3 clouds 3 mean 3 brain 3 perhaps 3 trying 3 shrugged 3 knew 3 nature 3 south 3 things 3 somethin ' 3 bar 3 smiling 3 line 3 olympia 3 earth 3 lunch 3 although 3 black 3 ticket 3 details 3 talk 3 dog 3 directions 3 blue 3 drive 3 happening 3 moment 3 static 3 blackberry 3 sky 3 mouth 3 we 're 3 cold 3 stared 3 seat 3 answer 3 signs 3 hands 3 bark 3 driver 3 thinking 3 wan na 3 three 3 court 3 jumped 3 skin 3 moon 3 tight 3 were n't 3 exactly 3 hey 3 loose 3 friends 3 beer 3 pocket 3 faded 3 pulled 3 tone 3 actor 3 taxi 3 canadians 3 pale 3 idea 3 slightly 3 laughed 3 tourist 3 point 3 take 3 impossible 3 finally 3 drove 3 ray 3 either 3 walked 3 tell 3 fired 3 name 3 buried 3 head 3 latest 3 she 'd 3 click - click 3 years 3 scene 2 swarm 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 america 's 2 matter 2 goddamned 2 local 2 fish 2 exec 2 breath 2 fresh 2 figured 2 serious 2 keep 2 em 2 adores 2 feeding 2 la 2 already 2 cracks 2 um 2 deal 2 waitress 2 happy 2 buford 2 smacked 2 capture 2 missed 2 polite 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 shut 2 witnessed 2 concrete 2 doing 2 go 2 universe 2 tree 2 third 2 geological 2 casting 2 edges 2 batteries 2 c'm on 2 stuff 2 haplotype 2 late 2 we 'll 2 marriage 2 portland 2 rolled 2 entire 2 hillocks 2 sea 2 delicacy 2 he 's 2 fat 2 god 2 surprised 2 wearing 2 lips 2 college 2 wrong 2 dark 2 remaining 2 german 2 fast 2 peeling 2 gate 2 kiosk 2 running 2 man 's 2 beyond 2 rickety 2 picked 2 suggested 2 kinda 2 canada 2 later 2 ucla 2 dear 2 metal 2 proboscis 2 shit 2 features 2 goes 2 notice 2 motion 2 angle 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 soon 2 theory 2 george 's 2 without 2 pictures 2 wounded 2 definitely 2 interested 2 shadows 2 wave 2 kind 2 new 2 finger 2 inspector 2 rubbed 2 bounty 2 certified 2 money 2 anyone 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 most 2 stop 2 stolid 2 rang 2 platform 2 explained 2 plates 2 ached 2 good 2 state 2 fly 2 least 2 depending 2 collapsed 2 tasted 2 skull 2 stuck 2 bus 2 everywhere 2 themselves 2 harry 2 movies 2 impression 2 wake 2 adored 2 music 2 else 2 likely 2 racing 2 course 2 paved 2 glanced 2 boys 2 university 2 loud 2 monument 2 view 2 sucked 2 forest 2 tavern 2 cab 2 none 2 followed 2 strange 2 abandoned 2 air 2 cops 2 moony 's 2 various 2 keening 2 lion 2 crying 2 norway 2 donnie 2 managed 2 proved 2 girlfriend 2 best 2 having 2 pressure 2 far 2 donkey 2 mess 2 damp 2 shot 2 pink 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 realized 2 caused 2 ruined 2 slacks 2 such 2 played 2 guess 2 falling 2 forth 2 teeth 2 closed 2 o 2 lem me 2 buddy 2 throat 2 use 2 despite 2 shiny 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 distant 2 ice 2 pointed 2 nearby 2 returned 2 root 2 grinned 2 greasy 2 bullshit 2 basque 2 imagine 2 lights 2 activity 2 lots 2 ladies 2 flesh 2 ended 2 check 2 certain 2 aldon 2 occasionally 2 clipped 2 heads 2 utterly 2 think 2 johnny 2 harvest 2 era 2 pointing 2 does 2 coop 2 wondered 2 british 2 patted 2 flutter 2 might ' ve 2 let 's 2 unless 2 mostly 2 fingers 2 frowning 2 anyway 2 adventure 2 darkness 2 stirred 2 bro ' 2 lady 2 jar 2 dented 2 pressed 2 slope 2 connection 2 whatever 2 playback 2 oh 2 feet 2 bag 2 somewhere 2 life 2 subject 2 odd 2 pushed 2 junk 2 fist 2 brand 2 yanked 2 map 2 dull 2 california 2 ago 2 observation 2 niro 2 trick 2 girls 2 unusual 2 primitive 2 hood 2 own 2 associates 2 run 2 frame 2 built 2 bones 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 several 2 black - and - white 2 unhappy 2 answering 2 border 2 america 2 slowed 2 bastards 2 latin 2 professor 2 silence 2 goin ' 2 block 2 shots 2 considered 2 photos 2 direction 2 will 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 usually 2 blinking 2 nice 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 percent 2 stars 2 partition 2 stuffed 2 fifteen 2 de 2 tired 2 assassin 2 columbia 2 weeks 2 civil 2 deep 2 ya 2 felt 2 same 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 ass 2 official 2 asian 2 rostrum 2 though 2 secret 2 am 2 pattern 2 eastern 2 cameras 2 path 2 since 2 ever 2 dunno 2 that 'd 2 wooden 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 dude 2 species 2 crash 2 ready 2 tiny 2 legal 2 vehicle 2 garden 2 says 2 wasted 2 corner 2 broad 2 muddy 2 evergreen 2 used 2 story 2 press 2 sneak 2 ground 2 beneath 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 haplogroup 2 fashion 2 festival 2 scratched 2 posted 2 sign 2 instead 2 ask 2 low 2 cigarette 2 fell 2 read 2 patio 2 paint 2 wore 2 photographs 2 these 2 heavy 2 greyhound 2 five 2 glance 2 street 2 modern 2 completely 2 bees 2 looking 2 simply 2 ride 2 stump 2 huh 2 works 2 stomach 2 bought 2 times 2 scientists 2 pair 2 team 2 saw 1 nape 1 descended 1 issue 1 bonkers 1 diagonal 1 strained 1 farms 1 dubbed 1 hash 1 gray 1 experts 1 medicine 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 satanic 1 threshold 1 corn 1 airplane 1 inarguable 1 expressions 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 geiger 1 curves 1 axles 1 tromp 1 favor 1 miracle 1 bench 1 arc 1 primo 1 superstar 1 injected 1 sheets 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 booth 1 uh - huh 1 terminals 1 giving 1 noting 1 tasers 1 polo 1 tables 1 whoa 1 owned 1 wo n't 1 trouble 1 source 1 bowled 1 risking 1 penalty 1 environs 1 hacked 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hairs 1 jounced 1 drill 1 thumping 1 abiding 1 eligible 1 parade 1 daydreams 1 cooked 1 danced 1 honorary 1 p 1 los 1 begging 1 drunk 1 stone 1 swath 1 unwashed 1 panel 1 breeding 1 mutilations 1 differently 1 mediterranean 1 saying 1 fumes 1 dripped 1 castrati 1 fold 1 laxative 1 esophagus 1 position 1 subprocessor 1 holding 1 bragging 1 americans 1 table 1 green 1 listings 1 yellow 1 crammed 1 sylvie 1 midlife 1 bounded 1 vast 1 spat 1 two - lane 1 anti - democrat 1 motherland 1 country 1 torch 1 job 1 streak 1 expression 1 pro - gun 1 organic 1 saint 1 speculate 1 narrowed 1 lineage 1 one - star 1 research 1 burial 1 tee - shirts 1 bring 1 that 's 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 lid 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 locations 1 spied 1 relived 1 erratically 1 beetle 's 1 alcove 1 debacle 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 regular 1 pass 1 squinted 1 eating 1 creation 1 dinero 1 gregorian 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 anxious 1 underage 1 funk 1 passengers 1 object 1 sticks 1 existence 1 argyle 1 slavic 1 mumble 1 rhythmic 1 tumbled 1 tell'ya 1 dish 1 dense 1 boy 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 planning 1 dogshit 1 haunted 1 academic 1 radio - controlled 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 hot 1 reagan 's 1 self 1 frightful 1 belong 1 dad 1 character 1 smear 1 grateful 1 foreign 1 rather 1 hand - cam 1 whitewashed 1 plain 1 scrawny 1 bleeding 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 volume 1 distorted 1 van 1 warbles 1 pinwheeled 1 marijuana 1 bottles 1 key 1 fried 1 foot 1 rob 's 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 gargoyle 1 monks 1 die 1 knife 1 becoming 1 cook 1 iceberg 1 construction 1 brake 1 sorcery 1 natural 1 2 1 humming 1 card 1 nope 1 creepers 1 grey 1 mom - and - pop 1 cotton 1 staggered 1 stray 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 prisoner 1 coed 1 psychos 1 hungry 1 spoiling 1 mucho 1 lane 1 brochure 1 astronauts 1 intervening 1 inherit 1 season 1 grille 1 mercifully 1 blame 1 featured 1 listened 1 erased 1 reared 1 glint 1 tie 1 bullet - raddled 1 melted 1 coils 1 depot 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 jobs 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 calculate 1 shoot 1 silent 1 genes 1 frustrated 1 trapped 1 action 1 starred 1 brightly 1 long - overdue 1 scripts 1 bumper 1 bare 1 disconnected 1 flashes 1 incipient 1 braked 1 turning 1 planned 1 scrum 1 coax 1 waffle 1 amok 1 alpha - alpha 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 chanting 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 molded 1 thrown 1 entomologist 1 dusk 1 crap 1 astonished 1 succumbed 1 hock 1 spilled 1 cadillac 1 dare 1 match 1 dewdrop 1 knowledgeable 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 damned 1 wow 1 riding 1 angular 1 series 1 dilapidated 1 vintage 1 nervous 1 canucks 1 alone 1 marathons 1 retribution 1 j 1 gulf 1 mailboxes 1 questions 1 splashed 1 unsteady 1 farce 1 munching 1 wonders 1 slew 1 cough 1 parole 1 illusions 1 brick 1 dirty 1 broached 1 fortune 1 clearing 1 writhing 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 possible 1 thingy 1 diner 1 feedback 1 fluids 1 hunky - dory 1 poured 1 bud 1 penis 1 turn 1 iron 1 monologue 1 roiled 1 agricultural 1 letters 1 convicted 1 dumbly 1 irons 1 lacked 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 appealing 1 bickering 1 rocker 1 moments 1 grandfather 's 1 crouched 1 nerve 1 shag 1 decrepit 1 accepted 1 mudslides 1 waistband 1 jump 1 end 1 pagan 1 urged 1 reach 1 purely 1 rust - red 1 europeans 1 discern 1 violence 1 butt 1 envelope 1 admonishment 1 counters 1 technology 1 reassure 1 endless 1 suspected 1 unwholesome 1 ankle 1 image 1 shrines 1 chambray 1 chair 1 squeals 1 footage 1 order 1 bravado 1 arrow 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 data 1 highway 1 gust 1 camouflage 1 etiquette 1 glovebox 1 whistled 1 gleamed 1 draining 1 stylish 1 doctored 1 lancelot 1 d 1 hitchhikers 1 challenged 1 teenage 1 beady 1 eggs 1 rhino 1 screwing 1 repeat 1 eternal 1 yo 1 indigestion 1 birthday 1 disappointed 1 smoke 1 npr 1 collectively 1 child 1 crummy 1 comfort 1 jolted 1 onto 1 returning 1 steep 1 time 's 1 burst 1 phones 1 jersey 1 cooled 1 flung 1 reviewed 1 mum 1 pal 1 sugar 1 boots 1 spaces 1 snort 1 nose 1 corpse - slack 1 sloe - eyed 1 tripped 1 vertebrae 1 mulled 1 expensive 1 boondocks 1 illuminated 1 scuttle 1 leisurely 1 rasp 1 grit 1 snuff 1 spattered 1 lying 1 cutting 1 absurd 1 diorama 1 calls 1 firewood 1 fields 1 geology 1 profile 1 shiver 1 special 1 convoluted 1 brambles 1 kidnaper 1 voices 1 prettier 1 loudly 1 busted 1 admirers 1 leaning 1 changed 1 father 1 crept 1 shed 1 accidentally 1 audience 1 thresholds 1 flailing 1 handles 1 humpbacked 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 corrugated 1 forward 1 hoped 1 beat 1 tempted 1 compared 1 nuts 1 swirled 1 welcome 1 detour 1 marks 1 ten 1 insides 1 sake 1 stools 1 method 1 choir 1 regulars 1 prey 1 flip - flops 1 island 1 blob 1 fence 1 report 1 authorities 1 fuzzy 1 utopian 1 b - movie 1 passenger 1 sipping 1 desert 1 orchids 1 migration 1 3 1 information 1 plane 's 1 lemmesee 1 hat 1 hare 1 delivered 1 mountains 1 scads 1 dappled 1 roster 1 quietly 1 ugly 1 fatter 1 part 1 gal 1 fact 1 hola 1 piss - stained 1 ungainly 1 knows 1 brutes 1 fists 1 basket 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 dribble 1 garbage 1 robot 1 flags 1 expos 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 recall 1 patches 1 crush 1 commercials 1 disturb 1 coffin 1 festooned 1 clunk 1 mother 's 1 welted 1 pasture 1 uninhabited 1 west 1 traced 1 marking 1 sparkled 1 screen 1 cleared 1 convinced 1 blackballed 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 ranks 1 thickets 1 tobacco 1 enthusiastically 1 maze 1 joke 1 exclamation 1 filmmaker 1 purring 1 attitude 1 shortcuts 1 pen 1 criminals 1 extravaganza 1 feast 1 receiver 1 tall 1 fixed 1 accent 1 sloughing 1 textbook 1 received 1 fanciful 1 hi 1 sunrise 1 agrarian 1 proctors 1 cuffs 1 portraits 1 time ' 1 pickups 1 fluorescent 1 tricky 1 seein ' 1 science 1 crowd 1 cheeks 1 m 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 palm 1 robust 1 worry 1 scraped 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 shimmering 1 younger 1 mob 1 applied 1 fabric 1 eat 1 liked 1 looped 1 plunge 1 cat 1 throngs 1 liquor 1 ahead 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 instructions 1 squeezed 1 whatch 1 joining 1 certainly 1 middle - aged 1 vacuous 1 clothes 1 gourds 1 playing 1 narrowing 1 flickered 1 busy 1 dedication 1 brush 1 missing 1 suspect 1 strings 1 airspace 1 syringes 1 barely 1 smoldering 1 keen 1 peculiar 1 dissipated 1 pursed 1 political 1 phantoms 1 laughing 1 razor 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 floodlights 1 i ' ve 1 fifteen - martini 1 blooming 1 jittering 1 spell 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 disappeared 1 stamped 1 elephant 1 migrations 1 shift 1 hon 1 hardcase 1 dash 1 des 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 ant 1 chittery 1 older 1 passable 1 buzzing 1 flyers 1 hundred 1 why 1 fond 1 consider 1 freeze 1 twitching 1 zombie 1 foam 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 mitochondrial 1 funny 1 specific 1 chlorine 1 drawled 1 critters 1 american 1 toiletries 1 withdrew 1 whirred 1 neighborhood 1 stoplight 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 muttered 1 significance 1 gun 1 drone 1 hurt 1 ash 1 what 's 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 casino 1 pastels 1 masses 1 restroom 1 ex - brother - in - law 1 honking 1 vein 1 g 1 northwest 1 entered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 sweltering 1 scowl 1 powerful 1 rum 1 besides 1 sprinkled 1 actor 's 1 fractured 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 over - glossed 1 acres 1 detachment 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 culture 1 movements 1 genetic 1 have n't 1 worse 1 lone 1 wildly 1 mad 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sex 1 bulletproof 1 doused 1 headline 1 giggling 1 bob 's 1 worth 1 migraine 1 ball 1 chicano 1 gnarled 1 stacked 1 spelling 1 bikers 1 tails 1 whip 1 towards 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 mall 1 upside 1 imp 1 trolling 1 leaned 1 thirsty 1 hitcher 1 three - dee 1 sank 1 screwed 1 evils 1 r 1 fixation 1 preened 1 marker 1 straight 1 early 1 scholarly 1 baby 1 hose 1 shoulda 1 give 1 gardena 1 vendors 1 gaze 1 materializing 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 being 1 scanned 1 troglodytes 1 possessed 1 examined 1 rebuttal 1 idled 1 sneaking 1 booths 1 cashier 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 may 1 why'nchya 1 hummocks 1 gravel 1 bridges 1 miscellaneous 1 keloid 1 nothingness 1 glances 1 relieved 1 seattle 1 ah 1 blocks 1 hesitated 1 regard 1 babe 1 jesus 1 glare 1 walk 1 battle 1 rocked 1 cowboy 1 flickering 1 clicked 1 professionals 1 exploded 1 hyenas 1 stern 1 pollen 1 clumps 1 wraparound 1 writer 1 contemplated 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 tattoos 1 loan 1 carried 1 capitol 1 petulant 1 fast - living 1 admit 1 wired 1 asphalt 1 lied 1 sweater 1 maple 1 scents 1 aboard 1 predators 1 shacking 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 seventh 1 hunkered 1 1890s 1 golden 1 ragtag 1 grainy 1 pad 1 paw 1 picnic 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 pleating 1 especially 1 standing 1 enthralled 1 rush 1 precisely 1 incomprehensible 1 razor - sharp 1 reduviidae 1 1970s 1 cash 1 glacial 1 lizard 1 windshield 1 bubble - screen 1 rigs 1 awesome 1 fierce 1 dialed 1 dispassion 1 mushroom 1 mistress ' 1 dial 1 godforsaken 1 sap 1 lagged 1 rolling 1 rubberneckin ' 1 illuminate 1 piled 1 page 1 thorny 1 obscurity 1 glowing 1 musty 1 bluegrass 1 greater 1 entomologists 1 shape 1 wasteland 1 rows 1 dangerous 1 badly 1 pall 1 edge 1 breakdown 1 ancient 1 cruised 1 overgrown 1 laundromat 1 vigorous 1 glared 1 telescopes 1 grange 1 16 1 ultraviolet 1 negatives 1 cancelled 1 elevated 1 exhibition 1 erect 1 rufus 1 christ 1 afraid 1 rancid 1 shortly 1 crewcut 1 ads 1 human 1 personality 1 twice 1 wistful 1 jewelry 1 floorboard 1 autograph 1 hills 1 bro 1 angry 1 planks 1 blighted 1 coiled 1 primate 1 tossed 1 nine 1 comeback 1 dashes 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 globe 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 filled 1 daddy 1 has 1 string 1 rustled 1 heaves 1 imitation 1 x - whatsis 1 attraction 1 animated 1 grunted 1 erupted 1 olive 1 reason 1 diner 's 1 suddenly 1 novocain - numb 1 stretched 1 politely 1 tin 1 separation 1 math 1 boom 1 unfathomable 1 strapping 1 half - rotted 1 metronome 1 flower 1 everything 's 1 cra - zee 1 shooting 1 band 1 words 1 boxy 1 alongside 1 week 1 shallow 1 until 1 charm 1 switched 1 ditchward 1 citizen 1 files 1 dogwoods 1 lamp 1 queen 1 dishwasher 1 dried 1 gouging 1 suitably 1 con 1 did'ya 1 testimonials 1 compadre 1 banks 1 drops 1 toys 1 leon 1 rare 1 grabbed 1 threatened 1 rusting 1 slapped 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 notion 1 message 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 fleshy 1 hoarse 1 socks 1 enclave 1 halo 1 nodded 1 wags 1 softly 1 out - of - state 1 lode 1 dictated 1 marketable 1 moved 1 effect 1 transmission 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 search 1 sudden 1 perspective 1 jags 1 demonstrably 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 major 1 wholly 1 primary 1 yore 1 obscured 1 above 1 help 1 play 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 not - so - mild 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 circuits 1 learned 1 million 1 digestive 1 temperate 1 obviously 1 scum 1 carly 's 1 debated 1 practical 1 seal 1 dancing 1 board 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 cumulus 1 giggle 1 chopped 1 guts 1 birds 1 presence 1 god 's 1 stupor 1 wriggled 1 setting 1 somesuch 1 shouted 1 thank 1 type 1 beak 1 situation 1 simultaneously 1 eye 1 magnesia 1 stretch 1 swam 1 whatchyacallem 1 video 1 top 1 crimp 1 mosquito 1 meeting 1 bunch 1 directly 1 prayer 1 alaska 1 ass - end 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 rundown 1 unhinged 1 nests 1 government 1 camouflage - green 1 kliegs 1 reverse 1 bobbing 1 celebrity 1 killing 1 ajar 1 promised 1 smirk 1 ex 1 sorta 1 lipizzaner 1 river 1 fine 1 gypsies 1 chick 1 vietnamese 1 boot 1 hide 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 tea 1 men 1 waiting 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 capricorn 1 666 1 descending 1 horse 1 known 1 gig 1 nuzzling 1 huntin ' 1 word 1 exuberance 1 atop 1 mug 1 ham 1 black - rimmed 1 trench 1 person 1 kingdom 1 wrinkled 1 fire - yellow 1 hated 1 kissed 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 mammals 1 clancy 1 blackjacks 1 corresponds 1 shout 1 fled 1 someone 's 1 jeans 1 biology 1 alpha 1 redwoods 1 detail 1 fries 1 giant 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 cup 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 tributaries 1 center 1 anywho 1 spiked 1 yahoos 1 mom 1 josey 1 bellying 1 threw 1 program 1 lighted 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 wharf 1 indian 1 flick 1 groovy 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 exotic 1 bib 1 bizarre 1 motley 1 taillights 1 beeped 1 bend 1 swiftly 1 misfiled 1 speaking 1 slunk 1 red 1 predatory 1 fuckall 1 development 1 mine 1 lurking 1 zen 1 bye 1 wrapped 1 nicely 1 payday 1 ants 1 horatio 1 swell 1 tourists 1 5 1 jillion 1 fuckin ' 1 outboard 1 flowers 1 pants 1 chilled 1 buses 1 below 1 vans 1 frozen 1 shaped 1 deeper 1 mystery 1 amplified 1 regaling 1 drink 1 sky - high 1 gorillas 1 pumps 1 runaway 1 whispered 1 punched 1 i-5 1 cows 1 squawking 1 comment 1 symbols 1 judging 1 60s 1 posture 1 kudzu 1 whined 1 steel 1 suits 1 vibe 1 beat - to - hell 1 dots 1 mannequin 1 doughy 1 mobile 1 neutral 1 freakin ' 1 height 1 who 's 1 splash 1 shoved 1 beechnut 1 post 1 tile 1 shared 1 paused 1 opposite 1 miami 1 pack 1 repetitious 1 hittin ' 1 accelerated 1 war 1 rig 1 climbed 1 lip 1 ravage 1 floppy 1 sales 1 flatbeds 1 rational 1 hi - fi 1 beast 1 weak 1 ronald 1 wild - eyed 1 blazing 1 wide - brimmed 1 grass 1 experiencing 1 contributing 1 sour 1 cycle 1 options 1 predicted 1 replied 1 helping 1 hapless 1 filter 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 hydrochloric 1 speck 1 recording 1 loitering 1 siphon 1 emotional 1 southbound 1 spaniard 1 radiation 1 distaste 1 bubbling 1 pick 1 plastered 1 reminded 1 exits 1 drained 1 receiving 1 paroxysms 1 polyester 1 date 1 buy 1 implication 1 raid 1 satanists 1 vague 1 edited 1 soldier 1 shades 1 gawd 1 crusty 1 battery 1 loomed 1 every 1 high - pitched 1 litany 1 distances 1 national 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 shampoo 1 infractions 1 undulating 1 calling 1 cattle 1 drama 1 clicking 1 heat 1 shuddered 1 squirming 1 soil 1 measured 1 beside 1 study 1 invaded 1 brewskis 1 proposition 1 buzzed 1 visit 1 inhuman 1 case 1 milling 1 sos 1 bygone 1 seam 1 doncha 1 lolling 1 lean 1 blow 1 roles 1 articles 1 skimming 1 tickle 1 altar 1 smoked 1 cooperate 1 x - group 1 dead 1 together 1 pumping 1 stalks 1 doomsday 1 fracas 1 guessed 1 formed 1 photo 1 trace 1 earned 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 yards 1 ferret - pink 1 roar 1 cheap 1 head - on 1 an ' 1 dentist 's 1 nicked 1 poplar 1 footpath 1 wound 1 sensation 1 truly 1 poked 1 traumatic 1 allen 1 varied 1 shuffled 1 monoliths 1 papered 1 happened 1 thick 1 impact 1 antiquated 1 nail 1 random 1 calgary 1 mexico 1 molasses 1 oil 1 please 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 prohibiting 1 civilization 1 exhalations 1 taser 1 farm 1 opened 1 paperwork 1 defeat 1 collection 1 channel 1 hog 1 glazed 1 murky 1 movement 1 plug 1 large 1 removed 1 mayhem 1 relatively 1 mini - crusade 1 tricked - out 1 junctures 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 grand 1 bulk 1 separated 1 rapist 1 clenched 1 schtick 1 memories 1 credit 1 unpaved 1 applies 1 orphan 1 trembling 1 bunker 1 initial 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 fuss 1 central 1 coronas 1 meds 1 history 1 one - quarter 1 fit 1 entering 1 clank 1 swaying 1 buddies 1 operator 1 generations 1 murmuring 1 swing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 foggy 1 receded 1 mud - encrusted 1 kite 1 hollow 1 alders 1 farmhouses 1 paranoia 1 niagara 1 bulletins 1 nervously 1 mile 1 heart 1 water 1 hind 1 second 1 microsecond 1 mechanical 1 footsteps 1 versus 1 dazzled 1 leg 1 subdivision 1 nascar 1 canyon 1 terror 1 work 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 it 's 1 landing 1 unto 1 itched 1 images 1 shrill 1 service 1 ways 1 emerged 1 forever 1 pro 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 engulfed 1 6 1 feeling 1 inaccurate 1 stickers 1 outta 1 opportune 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 engineers 1 screw 1 structures 1 greedy 1 mixed 1 collisions 1 sylvia 's 1 weight 1 prowler 1 stock 1 full 1 tough 1 dead - heads 1 dreamt 1 penetrating 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 aliens 1 bucks 1 recognized 1 limit 1 loves 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 y' all 1 hidden 1 however 1 extinct 1 grow 1 bird 1 calved 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 crushed 1 drowned 1 chums 1 jug 1 bounced 1 site 1 robert 1 year 1 net 1 algid 1 shadow 1 75 1 announcer 's 1 shambling 1 muscles 1 comedy 1 bush 1 shawl 1 wharf - side 1 screeching 1 motion - sickness 1 shucks 1 communiqu 1 glimpse 1 filthy 1 colombian 1 too - small 1 gramophone 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 craggy 1 breakfast 1 possession 1 private 1 listed 1 montana 1 mohicans 1 cover 1 maternal 1 developments 1 hiccupping 1 marine 1 forged 1 watchdog 1 combed 1 rain 1 hunters 1 very 1 intoned 1 winches 1 welter 1 odds 1 beefy 1 churning 1 slouched 1 eon 1 coughed 1 dry 1 became 1 carson 's 1 numbers 1 ruins 1 overhead 1 strip 1 monotone 1 smashed 1 handle 1 eh 1 equipment 1 dress 1 blurry 1 ambient 1 dedicated 1 bringing 1 lining 1 reputable 1 stopped 1 etymologist 1 zippers 1 retired 1 cold - cocked 1 typed 1 amen 1 pitch 1 waitresses 1 rusted - out 1 improbable 1 ukulele 1 pricked 1 tryin ' 1 companions 1 elementary 1 sat 1 tower 1 losing 1 sundress 1 inspiring 1 argued 1 stampede 1 cop 1 bottomless 1 approached 1 hungrily 1 remembered 1 often 1 intensity 1 wales 1 thus 1 bits 1 chirr 1 supercalifragilisticexpialidocious 1 aquarium 1 changes 1 hold 1 described 1 whiskey 1 hemp 1 indicate 1 named 1 operate 1 labor 1 prison 1 periphery 1 starry 1 great - grandma 1 hour 1 tracks 1 toddler 1 relay 1 scholarship 1 expiration 1 sent 1 occupied 1 mounds ' 1 impressive 1 profanity 1 pavilions 1 crawl 1 motor 1 coke 1 alarm 1 graduated 1 raised 1 royal 1 rejoinder 1 smelled 1 broadcast 1 nostrils 1 broke 1 protest 1 inexplicably 1 chattering 1 slot 1 feed 1 lingered 1 man 'd 1 space 1 lives 1 truth 1 hollywood 1 weeds 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 1950s 1 savage 1 poses 1 female 1 fake 1 inciting 1 heroic 1 clove 1 firearms 1 reeked 1 prehistoric 1 branch 1 fuel 1 kill 1 wisely 1 suchlike 1 haggard 1 presumably 1 squat 1 women 1 thirty - six 1 angeles 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 stale 1 furiously 1 children 1 day 1 hay 1 lulled 1 contortions 1 engineer 1 suppose 1 needle 1 hole - in - the - wall 1 garbed 1 faces 1 companies 1 costume 1 single 1 signal 1 wasps 1 drew 1 yuppie 1 copping 1 mildly 1 comprehension 1 plexiglass 1 television 1 contrary 1 signature 1 shoes 1 dna 1 knocking 1 admitted 1 redneck 1 darted 1 intact 1 appeared 1 backward 1 ding - dong 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 lookin ' 1 propped 1 displeasure 1 bleach 1 lethargic 1 glad 1 vengeance 1 reno 1 warn 1 low - gliding 1 macaroni 1 cared 1 toe 1 erectile 1 quote 1 seismic 1 mike 1 depiction 1 stream 1 conjured 1 spare 1 headlock 1 non- 1 parted 1 miscreants 1 dope 1 reparation 1 dreams 1 trip 1 response 1 pecker 1 weird 1 dialing 1 dredged 1 clad 1 rights 1 specialty 1 bust 1 pastures 1 native 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 tribal 1 spain 1 machinery 1 walking 1 bank 1 covered 1 dirty - faced 1 slap 1 samoan 1 wispy 1 knees 1 unhitch 1 they ' ve 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 struggle 1 rodeo 1 holiday 1 handmade 1 pacific 1 boarded 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 near - fainting 1 unreasonable 1 weighed 1 deals 1 marmalade 1 intersected 1 cluster 1 mother 1 rude 1 shook 1 dust 1 driver - side 1 grandfather 1 retiree 1 prosthesis 1 unpleasant 1 true 1 pontiac 1 grabs 1 incongruously 1 looks 1 background 1 chastely 1 sven 1 remote 1 leaf 1 goodbye 1 meninges 1 believe 1 burrow 1 high - centered 1 flee 1 reveal 1 trailing 1 moving 1 muckety - mucks 1 anywhere 1 solid 1 debate 1 creepy 1 garble 1 mounted 1 change 1 springs 1 longingly 1 thirty 1 yellowish 1 stashed 1 smoker 's 1 expecting 1 beneficial 1 faring 1 unnatural 1 confiscated 1 ghetto 1 rag 1 schoolmates 1 familiar 1 machine 1 crowded 1 absentee 1 assumed 1 forehead 1 dysfunction 1 washington 's 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 child - god 1 pull 1 monkey 1 thirty - second 1 swearing 1 small 1 dread 1 wind - burned 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 found 1 hurled 1 elicit 1 click 1 staring 1 diagrams 1 bigger 1 adventures 1 canadian 1 maples 1 gaggle 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 vice 1 sunk 1 unsettling 1 dozen 1 swallow 1 moines 1 zilch 1 skinny 1 chugging 1 shabby 1 nearly 1 complicity 1 sensational 1 jeeps 1 held 1 clear 1 pierced 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 rerun 1 fiddle 1 minute 1 tampered 1 purposes 1 bullet 1 school 1 secretaries 1 suffer 1 talkin ' 1 stealthy 1 pause 1 turns 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 once 1 cursed 1 killed 1 anesthesia 1 dangerously 1 adrenaline 1 expired 1 seamy 1 jailing 1 navigated 1 sunburn 1 starlet 1 headed 1 withdrawal 's 1 preserve 1 trailers 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 joined 1 amid 1 comrades 1 flare 1 manila 1 past - due 1 version 1 payout 1 desperado 1 sprint 1 tag 1 exploits 1 correct 1 u - turn 1 momentary 1 80s 1 watcha 1 general 1 hypotheses 1 spelled 1 two - tone 1 lovely 1 deep - space 1 quiet 1 bitter 1 closer 1 fooled 1 club 1 prepared 1 list 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 extremely 1 complain 1 tunnel 1 speeding 1 flirting 1 cloud 1 thrum 1 raise 1 gotten 1 hunter 1 pathetic 1 homes 1 acid 1 safety 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 rote 1 poster 1 unlike 1 controversy 1 chance 1 beers 1 scoop 1 convertible 1 instant 1 favored 1 imagery 1 glue 1 cinder - streaked 1 scout 1 wreckage 1 tube 1 thumbed 1 indices 1 armpit 1 schmuck 1 bagged 1 marooned 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 glasses 1 limbaugh 1 stalled 1 epiphany 1 swivel 1 stacks 1 mart 1 drowsed 1 abc 1 mosey 1 hang 1 crossed 1 shop 1 rear 1 phenomena 1 squirted 1 listen 1 spectrum 1 derelict 1 q 1 touching 1 shake 1 football 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 lowlife 1 reduced 1 repair 1 discotheque 1 live 1 tepid 1 doldrums 1 soul 1 confessing 1 deed 1 melodrama 1 reddening 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 h 1 consumed 1 chitin 1 structure 1 oh - two 1 woulda 923 .
she pulled on one of the tiny buds , the minuscule flower dry between her forefinger and thumb .
thanks , bud .
teaching my buds to play blackjack .
` ` oh , gim me a bud lite . ''
i had to nip it in the bud .
distractions were dangerous and if not nipped in the bud , could get you killed .
i still have several hours of bus ride ahead of me , so i plug in my ear buds and load up the zombie - shooter that i downloaded the last time i had service .
i remember the first time i became capable of observing outward objects with any kind of pleasure , i perceived that the fallen leaves had disappeared and that the young buds were shooting forth from the trees that shaded my window .
from her knee caps and shins sprouted sapling branches , speckled with buds .
rexburg stepped back from the table , pulled the ipod buds from his ears and let them dangle at his side , his mouth slightly open and his hands trembling for the first time in two decades of slicing open corpses .
they d grown from the same roots and all these years later flowered the same buds .
the impossible coffee , straight from her taste buds to mine , and who was going to explain that ?
his taste buds must be changing or something .
it seemed to be helping , thoughfor at last a bud began to form .
fergus had recipes , techniques and taste buds devoted to butter and enjoyed arguing butters superiority over all other culinary devices .
the gardeners had apparently spotted them too and hurried away before they got there and picked off the best buds .
that s what flesh tasted like as it rolled across my tongue , sweeping across every taste bud before easing down my throat and into my stomach .
i downed every last drop of it , the chalky texture and faint milk flavour heavenly to my deprived taste buds .
she probably thought i d rather spend the time with my high school buds at saucy sallys only to leave with no money and bad case of blue balls .
colins kisses left her breathless , laying her down on a chaise , surrounded by flowers , her senses left her when he unzipped her jeans enough to reach inside , rubbing her , thrusting his fingers in , bringing her to the brink before he pulled her jeans down , sucking hungrily on her bud , sending her crashing over the edge , screaming out his name .
a hanging garden , buds and blooms fat with fertility , green with health .
a satisfied grin aligned vincents wide lips , as if the taste of that bastards blood still lingered upon his taste buds and its residue had never been sweeter .
as ron passed timothys camaro at about eighty five , he yelled out his window along with a cocky laugh , make that a case of bud ya here .
she devoured all five before her taste buds could even get a message to her brain about what she was eating .
but then they seemed to have nipped it in the bud , and they d thought all that was left to be done was the mopping up .
the ear buds were yanked from my ears when one of the kids snatched the phone from my grasp .
i d never turn my back on my buds .
` ` again , i ' m real sorry bud .
of course , beautiful as she is , i would nt have lead in my pencil without help , the old man said as he popped open another bud .
the sensation on her taste buds was utterly sweet , and her delight was nearly orgasmic .
in theory they should have furnished objective proof of the transformation of the boys face , like a speeded - up film - sequence of a bud opening to flower .
i choked it down and considered for a minute that perhaps i was just coming down with a cold and being deceived by my taste buds .
all of them were covered with blooms fifteen or twenty , at least but the church shrubs only had three or four tightly closed buds on each rose tree , the rest were the pods with a few wilted petals hanging sadly to the side , which the gardener was snipping off .
i guess you did nt notice there are only two or three buds left on each bush .
the roses grew fresh buds , lots of them .
chapter 8 charlie farro & a sign from god the low riding moon was bright as charlie farro drove his battery operated scooter along rows of his plants- stopping briefly every couple of feet to inspect the buds and trim those that looked ready for harvesting .
after setting the basket of marijuana buds on a table made out of a large old wooden cable spool , charlie opened his jug of home brew whiskey and had a sip .
cha - ka seized a marijuana bud , quickly climbed back to the roof , looked down at the man , and scratched her butt while gnawing on the bud .
cha - ka seized a marijuana bud , quickly climbed back to the roof , looked down at the man , and scratched her butt while gnawing on the bud .
she chewed on a marijuana bud and considered matters .
it was time to nip this in the bud .
else you re on your own bud .
unless ... unless sven could spot the cigarette bringer now , outside , and nip the problem in the bud .
in hopes to make the two into best buds he picked up the unnamed black kitten and carried it to josh 's room .
if there is even a whisper that some of the other masters are thinking if they took me over , they d be more powerful than jean - claude , we need to nip that idea in the bud .
we clicked the bud cans together and drank .
was it like one of the baseball - card trades you do with your buds ?
there he had been on that hot day in los angeles , laughing like mad in his wet pierre cardin suit , bottle of bud upraised in one hand like a trophy , everyone else laughing right along with him ; they were all having a great old time , he had been pushed into the pool just like in a movie and they were having a great old time , hardy - har and hidey ho , welcome to the wonderful world of too drunk to know better , let 's see you write your way out of this one , marinville .
that the guns were his main objective , the bottles of bud just an extra added attraction .
he reached for it with his right hand , the one he 'd cut on the bud bottle , without even thinking about it ; the torch he continued to hold up at the side of his head with his uninjured left .
the argument that might have nipped christmas with the family in the bud had been averted .
now , however , the berries were just tiny buds , green and inedible .
it was not a bud or a bloom but a whole goddam garden , the fear , the horrible fear that he was not here .
it is still there ; stan uris 's severed head beside mike 's sixpack of bud light , the head not of a man but of an eleven - year - old boy .
reggie eats with steady , serious attention , killing three cans of bud with the meal .
if we want to nip it in the bud , as it were .
' you get those in there and go back for the fucking bud .
get back in there and run me out a case of bud . '
when i was six , when jack - o was six , when - he got the bud and stumble - staggered out through the door again ... and the tall , rangy cowboy with the big hands , the one who looked like randolph scott , was standing there , looking at him .
jack stood with the case of bud dragging at the ends of his arms , staring into those yellow eyes , and suddenly a horrid idea hammered into his mind : that this had been the lurker in the tunnel - this man - thing with its dead yellow eyes .
clusters of buds grew on these amputated fronds .
' a bud , ' the lightning rod salesman said .
she had never approved of the onefor- the- road philosophy , or of men who drive with a can of bud leaning against their crotches .
two six - packs of bud fell over .
he grabbed a quart of bud and headed toward the living room .
there , framed against the ruins of a derelict carnival , she discovers an old woman gathering the flowering buds from a cactus .
were not exactly buds .
summer , contrary to expectations , had not bloomed and blown into rosy heat , but had chilled in the bud and taken mildew ; the gloomiest july had led onto a grey august .
half - a - dozen freshmen were shooting pool , drinking bud light from cans they had smuggled into the building using adidas sports bags .
the others watched , nursing their bud lights .
i put in my ear buds and decided to go for classical today .
the buds on the trees ache to open .
they thought she was talking about selling peyote buds and willy tried to make a mental note to himself to try to score some of those from her sometime cause he never got a chance to try buds and they sounded real interesting to try out sometime .
they thought she was talking about selling peyote buds and willy tried to make a mental note to himself to try to score some of those from her sometime cause he never got a chance to try buds and they sounded real interesting to try out sometime .
the top was all leafy and dry , as her taste buds felt right now .
my bud is up there waiting for me to get back .
mine really looked like a bud that had been stepped on .
while a post - doc in the desert , walt had chomped peyote buds with the best of them , frequent strip joints , and gotten drunk in cowboy clubs .
specially with a can of bud in them .
my mouth filled with saliva and my taste buds rebelled .
i figure i ve got ta nip that in the bud before she s a teenager .
she grabbed it up and took a big swallow , burning off most of her taste buds in one fell swoop .
bricks taste buds raised a question , as he and spiritwind stumbled down the corridor towards the reception hall that had greeted their arrival the day before .
he preferred the fine down of a pre - pubescent vaginal bush and the puffiness of newly emerging buds , of just beginning breasts .
after a few minutes of quiet contemplation , spat followed down the hallway to the bathroom , where with as much care and attention that went into its application , she meticulously removed all the make - up that remained on her face with cotton wool buds .
the zig - zagging trail of their wake etched into the iridescent blue waters of the caribbean brought to mind another case of mine , le bourgeon de la folie [ or the bud of folly ] , which i had cut my teeth on so many years past .
civilisation was not yet on the back foot but clearly there were a lot of people who believed that this failure to enunciate correctly was allied with a general cheapening of social behaviour , something which clearly needed to be nipped in the bud .
my taste buds have been destroyed .
having just about destroyed all of his taste buds through decades of incessant smoking , gout could barely detect the sulphurous aftertaste at the best of times , his breath being more caustic ; besides , complaining was not his way , so he said nothing about it .
the ear buds were not so much for plugging his mind into the asinine in - flight entertainment system , as for visibly signalling to anyone sitting beside him , that he did not wish to partake in idle conversation ; that childish , excitable chit chat that holidaymakers unconsciously get caught up in once their fasten seat - belt light switches off .
spotty always got very hazy when he mentioned bud and the gang , he did nt trust them and inch , that much was clear .
be not afraid of lateness the clock can not cry for you do not remind , of churchs chimes laggards are fine , and few be not afraid of lateness tis the spring that s never prompt when rain gusts blow off new - born buds underfoot , they are soon tromped .
were coffee buds .
richard endured an hour and a half of terror , during which the bmibc and his buds killed the bottle of jack , told a few dirty jokes , told a few racist jokes , and generally had a good time raining abuse on jews , blacks , and gays without favoritism .
nev and moshe have become buds , and moshe lets nev hang out and give them shit .
he needs to nip this in the bud .
she and catherine were close buds .
mike was reaching into the cooler for another bud light when gary opened the door leading to the rooftop .
mike reached into the cooler and threw gary an ice - cold bud light .
she had to nip this one in the bud , but first she had to ferret out who the snitch was that broadcast to the world that the woman came into their home uninvited and ended up in her underwear .
charles and the russian czar were buds ; ergo charles town with its huguenot population was a good place to live .
ever since his cancer got worse his taste buds seemed to grow more susceptible .
if we move fast we can nip this in the bud .
adding crest to my colgate , i focus on plaque and taste buds , not the trash can in the corner .
but it was all too uncertain and confusing , and a part of her only wanted to nip it in the bud the first chance she had .
the rose buds -- stealing back the spotlight -- now opened the same way they closed : one petal at a time .
they gripped the hole and lifted their bodies into view , which turned out to be enormous potatoes -- bud 's spuds to be exact , guaranteed to be the biggest , the ugliest , and the hardest to scrub .
not because the taste did anything dramatic to his taste buds , but rather because he could nt sweeten it ; he was unable to make his aged hand extend to the sugar bowl in front of him , and return with a significant number of crystals .
he moved to the vanity table and rubbed make - up remover on his face , wiping it off with cotton buds .
i m making you a dinner to explode your taste buds .
i m not sure exploding taste buds is a good thing .
and ill throw in a large can of bud with it waddya say ?
laughed kyle , gulping his bud .
kyle threw his crushed empty bud to the ground and they all followed him out .
when he settled it against the front of the house , she saw that there was one bloom and a few buds .
artie , at this point in time at least , is n't very loaded , so 's it 's easy , altogether , easy as sin , pumpkin pie or a bud pitcher - binge on sunday .
i will suck all the coffee out of your taste buds and drink it down myself , the first voice replied .
from bud to bud lite .
from bud to bud lite .
cut down the calories and other unhealthy stuff in the fresh bud .
there were a total of 27 previously undiscovered packages of marijuana , now universally referred to as bud lite , in the ford van , weighing a mere 35.2 pounds because of their desiccated condition .
a few years down the legal medical marijuana road , after a similar border seizure , a more prolonged and far greater sigh would later rise over the streets of tucson when the word got out to the firmament of local dope smokers that a load of righteous bud was caught at the border .
the expression on his face one generally reserved for such occasions as just sitting down to a home cooked meal with his grandma who was born without taste buds .
i took out the beatles white album vinyl lp and scanned the sleeve for any nuggets jammed into the creases ( i used the white album vinyl sleeve to chop up my buds and roll my joints .
i stumbled about the apartment , checking under every nook and cranny , thinking that i must have stowed a bud or two somewhere , at some point , and just forgotten about it .
the egg , cheese , avocado , fire roasted salsa , and tabasco delighted his taste buds .
he 'd nipped that dave - and - bilj thing in the bud .
after teasing himself long enough to heighten his taste buds he approached the main slab and slid his knife through its entirety with minimal effort .
were also testing .. cheese heaven : the only cheese snack that transports your taste buds to paradise .
fate nipped any rebellion in the bud with a self satisfying retort .
the soft , vanilla essence assumed entirely liquid properties and trickled down his throat , caressing each taste bud as it passed .
i feel like i need another set of taste buds just to be able to appreciate all the flavor .
my taste buds were asleep and so was i ... sleep - walking through the day .
toss it to the back of your throat , bypass the taste buds .
of course , this place is small enough that everyone figured that out right away and nipped it in the bud .
soon the count and his captains will be preparing to ride and nip treachery in the bud .
the rain had stopped and the clouds parted , drawn aside like curtains , uncovering the lank assemblies of sorry bushes to either hand , buds and fruit shimmering in icy wonder , clustered like dead mice .
he had simply lost what he had gained , his right arm severed , hacked in one stroke from his shoulder , perhaps another there to bud , or his withered own to show .
the buds of flowers , compact and opening , bloomed from a nest of twisted stems between her gently sloping shoulders .
she only thought that on the coldest days , or days when her bones ached , and she felt old before her years , in need of some human warmth , some soft human voice to say nothing in particular , just make a soothing sound , the feel of warm , strong arms around her chilled and aching body when the night should have been over long ago , but lasted longer and longer , damper and colder , until the solstice brought slightly shorter nights , slightly longer days and within days , the appearance of tiny , tentative buds , if she looked very , very carefully .
stillbird enjoyed the crispness of that last snow beneath the brilliant blue sky and walked miles every day sniffing the air and examining everything in her slow , serious way , so focused on the birds that took flight before her step , the buds that gave the trees a lacy look in the morning sunshine .
spring , summer , fall , winter : each season bringing its own glorious beauty to the land , and stillbird lost herself in their ebb and flow , walking night and day to find the earliest buds of color in the late march breezes that came warm from a far off sea , before winters last brilliant blaze of ice and snow , and then finding the remnants of wet weather springs that dried up almost , but not quite , in the mid - summer , where she would steal a secret coolness from the entrance to vast caverns beneath their home , where puddled a few drops of sacred silver water .
that winter was mild but late , even after the buds had grown bright and ebullient upon the trees , there was one last long snowstorm .
the buds that she had to get right up close to to see in january and february were now fat and colorful , pink and pale green and yellow , creating a cloud of lace around the graceful limbs of trees and the tangle of low - growing bushes that grew up in the patches of light , where the taller trees had been cut for firewood and timber to build cabins .
she wandered outside anyway , noticed daffodils were in bud out in back along the fence shaded by bushes .
five april the clockmaker could smell the springtime fragrance and imagine the pink and white and pale green buds spreading out like a graceful , lacey net over the trees .
the trees caught the wet , sticky , snow in wide nets of buds and young leaves and the branches broke beneath the weight of it .
pulling the bud from the plant , he swallowed it , closed his eyes , and fell through the floor .
it grows further , leaves cover the stalk , then comes a small flower bud .
at the end of the spear there was a flag with the image of a bud of a lotus inside , in the middle of which was a pyramid , an eye , and also some hieroglyphs and pictures .
the street is quiet and lined with trees that are just starting to bud .
a few times a week , morgen and i walk down the trail behind our cabin , muddy from the spring thaw , and look at the tree branch buds .
pick some basil ; pinch its buds .
behind him on a spit of land , which he could easily see if he chose to turn to look , bett was kneeling over a bed of flowers breaking soil or pinching buds as if nothing had happened .
angling a crutch and hopping back a step for better balance , she bent over and pinched back the buds .
she got on , sunk into her seat like she was in for the long haul , and plugged in the ear buds to her ipod .
where his mother preferred vodka and cranberry juice to lighten the load of parenthood , mogley seemed to lean toward bud light .
were blood relations , but that does nt make us best buds , ellie said .
the rose bushes were in full bloom , laden with buds full of red and white petals and dark green foliage .
because i was a nice guy and did nt exclude him , our moms assumed we were best buds .
she felt as if new buds had blossomed inside her .
very soon there would be an explosion of spring , as buds and perennials began to emerge from their winter slumber .
tiny blossoms were already appearing and the branches of trees were full of emerging buds .
a smell that stimulated taste buds as much as the nose .
to springs luscious re - gathering of life ; the stretching of branches into twigs into buds into leaves ; the rushing fever of life ; the gigantic stirring , the vast billowing of purpose that drapes even the sky with smile ; the return of geese , swans , and swallow ( and wait until you hear this ) ; even brother bear , much thinner now but in a better mood for all that , stretching , looking around for life to do .
they want their eyes to process every molecule of flavor that beckons to the taste buds .
i m interested in how personalities develop , and how people decide they like things or do nt like things , like why some people like one kind of food and others do nt , even when everyones taste buds are biologically the same .
the council is putting pressure on the school management to nip these tendencies in the bud .
among the fundamental necessities that for the growth of a small bud are needed , the hurry is not contemplated .
he looked across the ravine , where binny and randy were taking a break , sitting on rocks and chatting like old buds .
i only hoped that intoxication would numb my taste buds .
before they had bought their two - four of bud , another guy arrived .
a woman waiting for them had a radio linked to kathy 's ear bud .
especially since now you and chief esteppa were buds and that the first class down on the reefer decks needed someone to help hump the food up four decks and so esteppa came in to your locker the next day and said kieffer how you say your gaddamn name you bastard you want to work on the reefer decks [ 38 ] with leonard ?
and the mustache guy reaches over and taps you on the shoulder and says thanks bro for last night and you say for what and he says for leaving like 90 pesos with the house when you went homefucking rita hooked us up solid she said you looked like you were going to puke and went home but that you left all this money for us so me and wilkies here we tag - teamed that little one and then mike came in and he had a go too and all had about five more beers each before your cash ran out and we had to get the hell out of there because it was 1145 and we had to grab a cab and came over the quarterdeck at quarter after but our bud devons had the deck and he let us go so thanks bro .
suddenly , garrett is by my side , drinking a bud .
garrett cocks his head , closes an eye and peers deep into the lip of his bud with the other , apparently attempting to commune with a spirit in the beer who knows the reason for his return .
i understand your hesitance to try it , as i was hesitant myself , but my logic is that if human taste buds can develop such a delight for something that it becomes a delicacy in their corner of the world , it ca n't be so bad .
i put in my ear buds and turned on my mp3 player .
i put in my ear buds and cranked up my mp3 player .
i closed my phone , put my ear buds back in and blasted my music .
amelia closed her eyes and sent the feeling - thought to everyone surrounding the pyramid and as she did this she saw a vision begin to reveal itself , like a movie affecting all of her senses , where she saw a bud quickly unfolding into a fragrant rose .
she watched him now , the way the leaves trembled in his fingers before he carefully snipped them away , how he gently made sure to cut above the buds so he would nt compromise the bloom that would come later in the summer .
i ve given domino a few calls myselfyou know , we ve always been buds , and then i had to congratulate him .
if we perceive the world only with strict mathematical eyes we lose the sense of wonder and energy provided by that of our emotional eyes that see the beauty of all nature , or that of our ears that appreciate its sounds and the sounds that we ourselves create in music , or that of our taste buds that define sensations that can not be expressed in either adequate words or equations .
he had ignored it but the racket was there , audible even over his ear buds .
bob leaned his head back and swallowed a big gulp of bud .
the oaks began to fill out their brown branches with light green buds on the verge of filling out into dense blankets .
he focused on the branches of the trees that spat out clumps of green and red and yellow buds .
and when he drove again , the buds bunched together like a large crowd at a baseball game , shading in the bright colors as a whole .
the sun was shielded out by the thickets of branches and newly green buds with small pinkish flowers popping out around bunched up lavender berries .
the chirps of sandpipers and king fishers echoed spring songs til the tunnel of branches and buds collapsed and the brush fell back , creeping alongside the trail as the sun and the sound of sea enveloped him whole .
the large oaks yellowed with fresh buds .
vanessa grips the edge of her seat around every curve and her eyes go a little wide and fearful flicking now up to the curving black trunks of the naked trees just coming into bud that whir past like the lines of the bar - code she is n't used to this she comes from the city she grew up in the city in a jersey suburb anyway that 's close enough she works in the city in among high rises and the smog and the sound and the slow deadening crawl and she is not used to this unbound almost reckless speed .
joanna rests her head in her hands there is a little window above the desk looking out into the yard there are the trees waving icily in a chill wind the first buds of spring dying frostbitten on the points of its limbs she pushes her fingers into her hair rests her head down she knows that she looks like david did as he often did when wrestling with his art the unconscious mimicry makes her skin crawl and she lays her head flat on the desk her ear to the heartbeat of the pine wood .
it was tom who could remember what it looked like to see a great old beautiful tree lying dead on the ground , buds still breaking for weeks with the insistent force of life still coming from the great fuse of its trunk .
the birds songs in the sunrise and the sound of rain , the jewels when buds burst on the trees , the graceful curve of grasses , the frogs , the flowers and clouds and the sun and the wind and the earth , its all i need .
at first , he would feel something which felt like a pinprick upon the taste buds , as though he could sense the scattered molecules of their flesh in spite of their physical distance from him .
i know you guys were buds , he says .
sorry about your bud tim .
thanks for the buds .
buds on a few trees were fought to awaken .
it was imperative to nip all of this in the bud , straight away .
as they took their first sips , both declared they preferred bud .
chad looked out the large dining room window , it overlooked a gently sloping back yard leading to a row of trees with large panicles , just beginning to bud .
those buds will soon burst into amazing blue flowers .
he would watch and wait patiently for young sprouts to appear and grow , for leaves to form and reach toward the sun , for buds to open and burst forth with their joyous colors .
eat cactus buds .
alex studied the delicate rather homely looking plant with its tiny pastel pink buds .
the details of the delicate leaves , the subtle shifts in color of the newer buds , the dappling of sun and shade below the broad leaves of the poplars above .
within its walls are a thousand red rose bushes which never cease to bloom , and each time a child is born in our lineage , which has spread in many branches through all the countries of the world , a new bud sprouts from the leaves .
soon after , as the rose buds sprouted outside , the countess bore a little boy .
small buds pushed through the ground , unfurling to reveal leafy , vibrant ferns that reached out in all directions .
it greatly deserves the name as the land of two leaves and a bud .
the strict restrictions had reduced the patient to search for opportunities to indulge her taste buds .
she thoroughly enjoyed the perfect balance of sweet and spicy as the caramel sauce with chili and cilantro saturated her taste buds .
my images of claire and i turning into sex and the city best buds disappeared , and i spent the rest of the day launching rsum rockets into cyberspace .
or the deer tooth nip it in the bud .
right now , this very minute in central north carolina , the millions of imported bradford pear trees planted there over the last half century are in full bud and ready to burst into magnificent bloom at the invitation of the first warm and sunny afternoon .
the buds were always tightly sealed on that day , still guarding against the threat of frost .
one year on march 6th , the buds were dusted with snow .
but regardless the weather or the temperature , by march 6th i could always feel the promise of spring vibrating in those buds , a vibration that seemed almost a sound , almost a shrill pitch of expectation , maybe not audible to the woods or the fields or the sky but screaming in my imagination .
screaming out for the potential held in a tiny white bud , potential that will , if left alone , unfold according to a natural orderbud to flower , flower to leaf , leaf to fruit ( though the fruit of the bradford pear is tiny and inedible to humans , but much loved by robins !
the mixture of white wine , burger , fries and banana milkshake had theo 's taste buds all over the place .
the trees were beginning to form the buds of spring leaves .
it went on to put out boldly though the hard knot of a new bud .
now he felt as fragile as any bud .
to stop this in the bud , he figured he d tick off the one program for which he had no interest , nursing , and which obviously would have no interest in an eleven year old boy .
once he even opened up a six - pack of contraband and began pouring cans of bud into the sidecar .
that s what s freaking out my bud .
when one started to wilt , to die , it was quickly removed and replaced with a new , tight bud , which would flower in a day or two or three , yellow or white or pink or red ; it would hold forth its resplendent beauty for another couple of days , and then begin wilting .
yaeko mourned the flowers deaths ; she would tell the new buds about those they were replacing , about their beauty and how cherished they were in her hospital room .
she stood there for a long time , transfixed by the total weirdness of it all , absentmindedly pulling at the low vegetation brushing her left hand , yanking pungent buds off it , staining her palm green .
but this was quite deliciousa smooth , almost chocolate taste , just teasing her taste buds , combined with a hint of some mysterious fruit .
oaks are happy to hang onto dead leaves until springs buds push them away , so he could nt see into the oak above the cabin to check on the woodpecker .
then the fish felt the mans face with the leading edges of his fins , which were covered with taste buds .
maisy pulled the ear buds out of her ears and closed her laptop .
the roses formed beautiful buds , but instead of blooming , the petals invariably exploded and fell to the ground like trash .
warm tomatoes also did nt do anything for her taste buds .
he has a tattoo just above the white bud of his nipple on the left side of his chest , a bright red heart with a crack down the middle and writing in dark blue just above that says ` ` loretta . ''
' let 's go nip some rabbits in the bud , ' because that 's what i really liked , to find baby rabbits .
his taste buds were one of the first lines of defense for a company still crawling in diapers .
her mouth tasted like cigarettes and beer , and everything else tasted like bourbon , even her pussywhich got in front of my face somehowand the buds of her nipples , which were the dark , red - brown color of dried rose petals .
you have to nip this sort of behaviour in the bud , mr wallace .
i watched people find chairs , some taking out laptop computers , others pulling out their ear buds .
most people here had tabs or phones , or sat , faces impassive and unlined , as ear buds played a private sound track .
i guess , i said , but i must have slept through the seduction part unless you thought the encounter with billy ray and his bud , what s his name , took care of that .
anyone from then will tell you thatwe were buds .
did your bud ever tell you about her older half sister , mia ?
these may very well be undercover enquiries , and so you ll appreciate how keen i was to get in touch with you and set our relationship off on the right foot ; nip things in the bud , so to speak , before anything gets jeopardised .
he tapped his ipod , chose jimmy eat worlds the middle , inserted the ear buds and picked up pruning shears to start the job of trimming the twelve mock orange shrubs that line the driveway .
along with his programs output , he could then use all the information he had to predict the possible outcomes ... to help identify the good guys and the bad guys in a case kind of like a western you always knew the good guys in a western they always wore white hats and the bud guys always wore black ones organizing general groups together it was just another way that his mind worked its what made his program so much more valuable than just another statistical analysis processer it helped him identify the players positions in a case it gave him an edge .
it caressed my taste buds and went down smoothly .
the long and twisty driveway lined with huge oak trees just starting to develop small green buds with the onset of warm spring weather .
my taste buds were in ecstasy .
i could envision hanging out at the bar with my chicago buddies anna and jared , checking out guys and talking about them through the cool ear buds .
taste buds in overdrive , i put all thoughts of simon out of my head .
even my horn will be black as you can see from the bud .
she touched one of the buds on the azalea bush as if coaxing it to bloom .
flowering magnolias and red buds hugged the fence along the brick drive .
maybe if he self - reports to the irs , pays the back taxes plus interest and penalties , we can get this nipped in the bud before the fbi shares what it knows with their brethren .
ben and i are best buds .
i was in what pia and all her british buds might call a sticky wicket .
it spoiled my taste buds .
i like to shake things up once in a while , perk up your taste buds , get your attention .
sure man , were best buds .
the two hugged , left the bake shop , stomachs and taste buds satisfied , and went on about their day .
i fought a gag then moved onto my overly greasy cheeseburger willing my taste buds to not be offended .
i was huddled between dylan and rudi , who was picking at a salad , convincing my taste buds the mystery meat inside the tacos was actually ground beef .
kyle jumped , ripping the buds out .
even the red and blue and yellow houses flanking them , hundreds of years old , looked like they stood a little taller next to a tree in bud .
guilt threatened to send him packing , but tonights images sent another message , and he ordered not one but several buds .
the temptation to erase the memory with a case of bud is almost more than i can handle .
greasy on the digestion , but memorable on the taste buds .
bud sipped his coffee then set it on an empty stainless steel examining table .
he d totally done the right thing there nipping that in the bud .
the smells wafting through first of garlic then cinnamon resulted in a combination that teased the taste buds and all love wanted at the end of his meal was a cup of coffee and a cigarette .
locals of all ages basked in the warm sunshine , playing frisbee , drinking bud lite , and otherwise trying to ignore the speakers at the mike .
whoever it was , i m surprised somebody did nt see them hightailing it , tyler said and took a long pull from the bud .
mesa found a table and watched hardy , still walking gingerly on his left foot , bring her an amstel light while he clung to his usual bud .
katia , delilah whispered through the ear bud .
from that point , raymond told her , he and wright were buds and the fbi had an investigator working full - time trying to locate the insured .
the first bite sent my taste buds into overdrive .
my mouth was already watering , and my taste buds would never forgive me if the ribs did nt show up in twenty minutes .
of all the stuff floating around in my head , that s the one i can nip in the bud .
march had arrived , and she hoped the leaf would hold on until the first buds appeared .
a greasy looking guy with a gold band on his left hand was a couple of stools away sipping a bud .
he picked up his bud and made his way across the darkened room , taking a seat next to the drummer .
the right sort of response from hauptmann could have nipped many of her problems in the bud .
its your job to find out who that is and nip it in the bud before something worse happens .
she slowly draws out the sewing instrument with her right index finger and thumb grasping the homemade bud of silver thread shaped into a gripping ball .
from the small refrigerator he took a can of bud , popped it and took a long swallow .
back in the apartment , he popped a bud , rolled a joint and sat back to relax .
a bud can rolled on the floor at his feet .
he went to the refrigerator for a bud and his glance went to a stack of brownish disks on a plate .
he grabbed three cookies , popped the can of bud , sat on the couch munching , drinking and trying to figure some way of getting to patels chemicals .
he stripped and languished in a hot tub , washing off the grime that had accumulated in the salvation army fleabag , sipping from a can of bud .
while he retrieved the last can of bud in the six - pack , he noticed the stack of chocolate chip cookies that remained in the plate on the refrigerator shelf .
i close my eyes , she sang with her ear buds .
rachel reached and grabbed the cord to karas ear bud and yanked them out .
` ` make that a bud light . ''
tree branches were still bare , but thick buds had formed on them , a hint that flowers would soon burst forth .
alice took a nod , ripped open the case of beer - bud lite , i saw , like these islands just needed a bunch of cans of bud lite to compliment their natural beauty - and handed cold beer out .
how about a bud ?
he was always very friendly to those close to him , whether it was his sister or his buds .
you guys are my buds and all and i d never do anything to hurt you .
putting his hand straight out toward cory , jason said , best buds ?
cory grabbed it , pumped it once , smiled and said , best buds .
the kitchen was bleak : an open box of cereal , hungry man canned soup , an opened carton of cigarettes , a half - gallon of milk gone sour , and the remains of a twelve - pack of bud .
come to think of it , a beer would hit the spot , an icy - cold bud lite in a frosty mug .
make one a bud lite , i said .
he selected a small bud from the bigger stem of buds and began to remove the stems and seeds .
he selected a small bud from the bigger stem of buds and began to remove the stems and seeds .
can i get a bottle of bud ?
are the days as sweet as cathleen , or some hawaii bud ? ''
` ` i have some wisconsin skunk bud that is truly a creeper of the one - hit variety .
` ` i am comparing the wisconsin skunk bud to this commercial mexican .
i expect most of the local bud will have that ketane taste to it .
the pasture 's tidy four - board fence dipped and rose with the hilly terrain , and the trees that were clumped on hillsides too steep to be mown were in full bud , their colors an echo of autumn .
* * * * * * chapter 12 : spring , and the trees were showing beginning buds of leaves .
it simply arrested our taste buds , she smiled at him as she said this , as if laughing at some private joke .
it has a blend of flavors and textures that enchanted both our imaginations and our taste buds , she declared .
rich , exquisite cupcakes that tantalized the taste buds ; my mouth watered just walking past the place .
but you can see i had to nip it in the bud .
two bottles of bud , cracker barrel cheese , a half tub of hummus .
nip it in the bud , tal .
nip it in the bud .
he grimaced as the brandy met his taste buds and he got that unmistakable hot sensation down his throat .
better nip this in the bud .
i shout , being all best buds again .
charlie was flipping channels with two of his buds , clark and james .
so let 's say you go to a party and you 're drinking a can of bud and because you 're a loser with self - esteem issues , you think , wow , i ' m so cool , i want everyone to see how cool i am .
you ask someone to take your picture drinking this bud so you can put it online so you can show off to your lame - o friends .
an earphone set was around his neck , the little gray pads looking like buds on the ends of the metal arc .
` ` got a bud light ? ''
harry rex was working on a bud light and reading a magazine , which he put aside .
` ` you got a bud light ? ''
a fresh bud light sat nearby .
it did not cause him great concern , but perhaps he should nip any police involvement in the bud .
that night i went with rick , an old college bud , to wino 's .
i got onto the plane and jammed the ipod buds into my ear .
that bottle in your hand is what those who lack taste buds dub ' sparkling wine . '
although i could n't usually tell the difference between one wine brand and the other , even my inconsequential taste buds picked up a hint of gooseberry and apple .
my heartbeat accelerated and the tender buds of my br**sts tightened .
former best bud of clu haid .
the maple trees in the yard were sprouting buds and inside the kitchen john morris was doing his best to let the marital tension drain from him .
my tongue flicks over the little buds , and she starts to gyrate against my cock .
by all means , he was very attractive , but her taste buds were dull after having just met adam 's insanely hot brother .
i need to nip this in the bud .
` ` the bud 's tight on this one , '' she said , pulling off her oven mitts and taking the flower from him .
such a sweet little bud .
he circled the hard bud of her clit .
the filet melted in my mouth like butter ( , ) and i moaned in delight as the first bite hit my taste buds .
i laid back with my ear buds in , ereader on my lap , and frozen yumminess in my hand and dove into the second installment of jake wethers , which i felt was completely appropriate seeing that i was going to a rock concert that night .
she had taken one look at me and decided we would be the best of buds .
i stuff the card into the front pocket of my hoodie and pull my work out for the second time today ; what can i say , me and denial are going to become best of buds .
i grab my iphone out of my bag and hook up my ear buds .
even though nate is only a freshly turned one year old , he is cohen 's best bud .
i hum when the sweet flavor of her desire hits my taste buds in a rush as she comes all over my tongue .
if i was catching something i wanted to nip it in the bud before it got worse .
at any rate , i was pretty sure it was one - sided , so the best thing to do would be to nip it in the bud .
i could let this continue , or i could nip it in the bud and have a talk with my partner .
he drove a corvette - yes , a red one - played poker on friday night with his ` ` buds , '' and played eighteen holes of golf on saturday .
his lips finally graze my clit , flicking against the sensitive bud , and my entire body responds by jumping , my heart taking the biggest leap .
the cold air hardened my n**ples into little buds , and i ached for him to touch me .
i 'd thought it might taste a little less heinous the second time around , but it was still the most offensive thing to ever assault my taste buds .
the willow leaves were just starting to bud and the water looked dark , almost black , without the usual rainbow of green .
' just helping a bud out .
just helping a bud out , you know . '
his cologne taunted me , its heady scent affecting not only my sense of smell but my taste buds as well .
i turned and started to put the buds in my ears when angus said my name .
no pressure - just a yearning to touch me as my mouth filled with more wet to cover him , tongue loving the feel of his pliant skin against my taste buds .
the early may air made the trees sway a bit , their branches dotted with the tiny , unfurling green buds that would soon become lush leaves , making this bleak road a fertile , pleasant drive and , thankfully , hiding some of the junk that dotted the front yards along the path .
just outside the beams , the thin , spindly twigs and branches of trees still mostly bare between their spring buds gave the whole night the suggestion of a horror movie , except i was n't creeped out so much as unsure about what the rest of the night held .
he put that distance there , like we 're buds - but he 's tucking hair behind my ear and standing too close for that .
i pulled my buds from my ears , letting them fall to the floor .
i stuck the buds in my ears , closed my eyes and rested my head against the pane .
i put the buds in my ears and an old dashboard came on .
my eyes shot open and i ripped out the ear buds .
i quickly tug on the cord of my ear buds .
he pulls the buds from his ears and looks up at me , waiting for me to put words to the gesture .
even though the trees were starting to sprout little buds , i could n't see the green .
they were sold as a delicacy , so i ' m pretty sure you just have wacky taste buds . ''
his eyes widened at the sight of me and i could n't stop myself from spitting , my taste buds revolting at the metallic taste .
yup , gon na need to nip that in the bud , i thought .
the woman leaned in , like she and sienna were best buds .
they 'll be best buds again within twenty - four hours , i guarantee it . ''
nip that in the bud .
better to nip it in the bud .
there were a dozen of the ominous looking buds .
he reminds me of a bud light ad .
then his taste buds kicked in .
` ` you let me know if he gets fresh with you sky , and i 'll nip that in the bud real quick ! ''
he slipped a hand down between us and rubbed my sensitive bud , his thrusts coming faster and faster .
karen , ryan christensen , '' aiden said smugly , as if he and ryan were best buds .
i feel a tap on my shoulder , pull out an ear bud and turn to face the person who tapped me .
he pulls my ear buds out of my ear .
that and a $ 2 bud .
even though i hardly know shelby , i have a rule - once we sit down for drinks we 're buds , and i do n't violate the girl code .
he stuck the stethoscope buds in his ears and brought the silver disc to her chest .
he took the buds out of his ears and smiled knowingly .
he worked the ni**les until they were erect buds , causing emma to moan and nibble his bottom lip between her teeth .
it was lead crystal and totally illegal , even if the bud was n't , and the liquid inside was chartreuse absinthe .
you drag them into this , do n't teach your son the lesson he deserves , do n't pay for the damage he and his buds caused , you 're a punk - ass bitch just like him . ''
` ` man , '' deacon leaned in to the guy , taking me with him , and wisely , the guy leaned back , ` ` last night , we walked in on one of your boy 's buds in the middle of trying to violate a teenage girl and you do n't think it 's necessary to be insulting ? ''
but he got a call two days in that he 'd said - appearing frustrated ( mildly ) and disappointed ( definitely , although i did n't know him that well , so over the past weeks i convinced myself i read that wrong ) -he had to take a bud 's back .
i tamped down my excitement at this and remarked casually , ` ` a close bud . ''
` ` a good man , and yeah , a close bud . ''
after the fifth time , i popped the buds out of my ears and straightened woodenly from my chair .
in fact , he passed her around to all his buds .
and i never drive up in my cruiser seein ' you loomin ' over a slip of a girl who f**ked you , who f**ked bud or who f**ked the f**kin ' pope .
` ` heard bud and his boys gave you trouble last night , '' she said softly , curiously and carefully .
somethin ' that was probably throwaway to her was not throwaway to bud and if you do n't know about it , you need to know about it .
` ` the only thing i trust is that bud 's lackey and fall guy is in the tank and stayin ' there awhile so my horses that have no barn to give them a minimal amount of safety wo n't go poisoned until bud gathers the money to find someone else to f**k with me .
her daddy often had his buds over and let them shower her with affection .
like the entirety of my outfit which i bought that day with celeste , my new lake como bud .
they were my friends , my posse , my best buds .
rush took off to hang with buds while tabby got down to the chores her father gave her .
` ` i can pick out clothes for bud , '' billie , sitting beside bud at the bar chimed in then finished , ` ` easy . ''
` ` see , billie can pick them out for me , '' bud unsurprisingly instantly agreed with billie 's plan .
i spied mitch carrying one of those big , long baseball bags , bud striding beside him , leo , camille 's husband , next to bud , derek , latanya 's boyfriend , next to mitch .
` ` mitch and bud have struck up a game of baseball , '' mara announced and she smiled up at gwen , ` ` not a surprise . ''
i figured mostly because he did n't often attend their parties due to his being a police officer with long hours but also because he had his buds over for games and his babes over for other things .
then mitch said , ` ` no bad man is going to hurt you or bud , okay ?
` ` bud gets sick , the school calls and you or i go get him , '' mitch fired back .
` ` right now , take a second , go back and think about what you just said to me , f**k , all that you ' ve said to me when it comes to bud and billie , '' he ordered firmly .
i ' m thinkin ' about buyin ' a place and i 'll want your input 'cause , come january , all stays this good , you , bud and billie will be movin ' in it with me .
mitch continued , ` ` not big on bud and billie sharin ' a room for another six months but they 're used to it , they 're both still kids and , one way or another , on the horizon they 'll have their own space . ''
` ` keep bud company .
they 'll go after bud and billie . ''
` ` when i told tack about bud and billie , he got someone on it right away .
if tack felt this deep enough , the code he lived by , to get bud and billie safe , tack could decide to take his boys back into the game .
though , luckily , considering the operation to find bud and billie had been unofficial , the media had not stumbled onto that information and mara and the kids did not factor into the story .
` ` do you want me to stop by the store and pick up some bud on the way home from the shower ? ''
` ` yes , '' i answered , holding a bundle of flowers , a six pack of bottled bud and a bag filled with a tub of cool whip , canned whipped cream , a carton of the real stuff not yet whipped and a gallon of gourmet vanilla bean ice cream brock continued not to move and also continued to stare at me .
he could n't say they were best buds but he respected them .
with all the shit going down in that county over the last few years , they wanted this nipped in the bud and they wanted that three months ago .
got some other buds .
but his buds were all brought in when mcfarland and wade started spilling and they talked .
he jerked his head to the pool tables to his right where my most generous customers , and my new best buds , the bikers from one thirty had been camped out .
i turned to my buds at the pool table and shouted , ` ` i ' m off to dinner with my sugar daddy !
* * * * * ` ` need two bud drafts , '' i said to krystal as i hit the bar .
tate popped the caps of three buds , i rushed them to the customers , they paid , tipped big and then i rushed back to see that tate had served hayley a diet and was leaning with his h*ps against the back of the bar , arms crossed on his chest , watching me .
going out with his buds for drinks after work , drinks that lasted into the wee hours ?
bet me , lost , i got the snake , he got his bud to call a taxi to get a ride back to his daddy 's condo . ''
i felt his hand leave my arm then suddenly ella mae was gone because he 'd lifted both his hands and pulled out my ear buds .
` ` terrific , '' chace muttered not thinking in a million years that ty walker would be his bud .
but also , he had hope that he could nip this in the bud without it blowing up into a huge deal .
darren newcomb was not a bud .
his smoky scent intoxicated me and every taste bud came alive as his sinful tongue entered my mouth .
my taste buds brought back the crisp taste of jethro .
he noticed her ni**les were hard buds .
her ni**les were hard buds pressing against her shirt ; her eyes had dilated , and her lips were parted .
you need to either nip it in the bud or take hold and enjoy the ride , '' amber said .
his thumb and finger teasing the buds of her ni**les .
when he 'd learned of ashley applying for a job , he should have nipped it in the bud .
he teased the bud , but her hand on his wrist stopped him .
he saw the erect points of both buds .
he knew where this argument was going to lead , and he had to stop it and nip it in the bud .
his fingers played with her creamy bud as she took them to new heights of pleasure .
his fingers touched her clit , stroking the bud .
he felt her hand stroking her bud .
he bit down on the bud , sucking on the tip .
nibbling down on her bud , he gave enough pressure to be on the verge of pain only to pull back when it was too much .
he tugged on the bud , flicking across the tip then back again .
she tugged the ear buds out , getting to her feet .
she watched and heard him suck on the bud .
your sister was buds with them .
he pinched the bud of her cl*t and watched her squirm with pleasure .
` ` i thought you were talking with your two best buds . ''
i 'll tempt your taste buds unlike anything else . ''
she moaned as the gooey chocolate coated her taste buds .
zeke pinched the buds of her br**sts , showing her another kind of pleasure mixed with the pain .
biting down onto her hard bud , he stroked her cl*t loving each cry and whimper that escaped her lips .
he nibbled on her bud , and she could n't stop the scream pouring out of her mouth .
circling her bud , he slid down to f**k into her tight cunt .
biting down into the harsh bud he heard her scream .
she started to cry and scream as he bit down on the hard bud .
when she 'd left college she 'd had so many plans , which had soon been nipped in the bud because her family refused to let her work .
she felt her nipples tighten to hard buds .
and what your date said earlier : ' tyson 's face was carefully blank , but tension radiated from him as the woman continued , ` ` you two seem awfully close for just having met on friday : ' carrie was n't exactly sure what was going on , but the one thing she did know was that it was time to nip it in the bud .
the harvest , the crush , the first new buds of spring . ''
her breath came in shallow gasps and she forgot everything except jason 's hands , his tongue and teeth on her neck , his fingers slipping over her clit , into her pu**y , across the tight buds of her br**sts .
opening her mouth wide , she felt the burst of silky sweetness hit her taste buds and closed her lips around the rim of the shot glass .
she dropped the milk chocolate pecan turtle into his mouth and watched as he chewed and groaned as the chocolate hit his taste buds .
i took a bite out of it , the chocolate bringing my taste buds to life .
his tongue makes oscillatory circles around the bud , pressing against my areola in a sweeping , insistent arc .
the ridge is a curved elevation against my taste buds .
but for some reason that day , my taste buds went on strike .
` ` i know he 's out of the drug business , but we 're still buds , no ? ''
` ` you do n't get your pansy - ass bud lights until you finish your guinness like good little boys .
when her tongue darted out to swirl over his , he groaned as the sweet flavor of her suffused his taste buds .
and the relief he 'd glimpsed in her pale blue eyes when she 'd walked up to him just now told him she assumed things could go back to normal , that he could put the sex out of his mind and go back to being her best bud .
laughing , savannah ducked behind the fridge door and grabbed a bottle of bud .
but seeing holly 's ravaged face had reaffirmed her decision to avoid relationships with military men , which meant she needed to nip this growing attachment in the bud and remember that they were just having a fling .
he swiftly lowered his head and brought his mouth to her core , flicking his tongue over her clit , the taste of chocolate and sex infusing his taste buds .
seth nodded and accepted the bottle of bud .
the two of them were definitely more than acquaintances , but they were n't quite best buds , either .
she 'd started stocking the fridge with bud lights for the nights he stayed over , which were starting to be a lot .
god , if that was michelle coming to pretend they were best buds and that claire had n't asked her to be maid of honor out of sheer pathetic desperation , then she was literally going to scream .
just because he was helping her out did n't mean they were best buds or anything .
he returned a moment later with a cold bottle of bud in his hand , but he did n't sit on the same couch as aidan and claire .
a woman whose facebook ` ` likes '' included football , bud light , and sunday barbecues .
ironically , they 'd gone out for a beer afterwards and had been best buds ever since .
maybe the bud lights he 'd consumed were affecting his judgment .
she flicked her tongue over jackson 's piercing for a few languid moments , then sucked on his tip and whimpered when a salty drop infused her taste buds .
he rubbed his thumb over my hardened bud as his other hand squeezed my ass .
his thumb pressed harder against my swollen bud and started rubbing relentlessly .
his thumb rubbed my aching bud , quickly increasing pressure and frequency .
his fingers teased my ni**les until they were hard little buds and then his mouth came down and took one in his mouth .
he looked lethally gorgeous in black lounge pants and nothing else , the tight buds of his nipples the only indication that he felt the chill on his sculpted body .
taste buds adapt , eventually .
after class , i rush home , climb into my bed with ipod buds in my ears and a chocolate bar in my mouth , and shut myself off from the world .
i needed to nip this in the bud .
everythings okay now , but i do nt think you ll see amber and nell hanging around together anymore , and nelllets just say i do nt think well ever be best buds .
anne was lying on her stomach , flipping through a magazine , listening to music through ear buds .
he was a bit slow , due to large amounts of a green bud , but still a decent sort of guy .
knowing he was probably here with his bud , william , a chill went up my spine and tingled my hair follicles .
and taste buds .
the sooner we nip this problem in the bud , as it were , the sooner sophie will be integrated into the student community . ''
we had borrowed the miniature microphone and ear bud from one of michaels cop friends .
he pulled the thin strap of her tank - top down her shoulder and continued to run the creamy berry down over her tight nipple , running it around the bud .
tiny buds of grass pushed themselves out of the semi - frozen ground .
the cabbage is the buds on the trees .
his taste buds were on overload .
the son who morgan could nt coax to remove the buds from his ears and pry his eyes away from the screen he was viewing in order to hold an actual conversation was doing just that with some stranger .
lewis was about to snap back in lees defence and kick off a right old barny , but thankfully fiona got in there first and nipped it in the bud .
they were my buds .
old college buds and all .
college buds ?
this guy was down - to - earth and had the buds of being interesting .
behind the putrid stench of rotting zombies , was the faint scent of new grass and fresh buds on trees .
for the entire next day , reagan and i anticipated listening to beautiful sound and that night , shut away in a walk - in freezer in the back of an old applebees , we d shared ear buds and danced around each other in the dark .
joseph questioned , what is this bud ?
you re the bud , kevan told him .
kaitlyn swept her arm out , and kevan gasped , as she stared at the mass of wildflowers that covered everything , they were small buds in vibrant colour .
chapter 1 ear buds wedged in her ears and music tuned to an indecent volume to keep out the city noises , georgie bird jogged purposefully along the path that wound its way along riverside drive , nodding hello to a few regulars running in the opposite direction as she went and side stepping a group of elderly ladies who were out for their daily constitutional .
the descriptions of the eatery , which i d read on billboards along the interstate , had tantalized my taste buds .
my taste buds informed me i d just drunk the thickest , richest , darkest cup of coffee of my entire life .
were we truly in love or would these stunning disclosures nip his feelings in the bud ?
slipping his tongue past her lips , sugar and spice combined to produce a sweet heat , and it exploded across his taste buds .
my buds call me ari .
i have nt seen my college buds in a while .
` ` if the angle is n't right , the sap from the cuts will run down and ruin the buds .
he keeps tonguing me and rubbing his finger across my throbbing bud .
she picked the smallest shoot with two tender leaves and a bud .
good thing shed nipped that in the bud .
although she might have overdone it occasionally on the macadamia nuts , or the dates , or the frozen yogurt and carob buds , she had nt binged .
breakfast fulfilled its five - star reputation , delighting my taste buds , but overfilling my stomach .
with a soft grunt , he drew lazy circles across my tight bud , surprising me when he suddenly slipped the tip of one finger inside my entrance .
my father has been sharing various details of events i ve missed over the years , and i m trying my best to pay attention to him and not to the perfection on my taste buds .
her ear buds blocked out the sound of her own screams from ten years ago .
she yanked her buds out of her ears when rocco went running ahead .
after taking another tube , she undid the tourniquet , loosening it around his arm and then slowly took the needle out and at the same time , placing a cotton bud on the injured spot .
sebastian pressed his finger on the cotton bud while sakura labeled the tubes with his name and date of birth .
opening the door , she saw a rather rough looking , unshaven man in blue coveralls with a bud name patch over the pocket , and noticed a tow truck sitting in the drive .
rory spoke fast into his ear bud as he gave demetri new directions .
` ` i thought we were buds . ''
he glanced around at his makeshift workshop , pulling the buds from his ears .
but her taste buds told her what she knew already : it was a processed brownie .
it was still warm from the oven and intense buttery chocolate hit her taste buds with an explosion of flavors .
finally i stopped in my tracks and found the ear buds that had been tucked in my pocket .
i slid ear buds into my ears but did n't turn on the music .
alec bit his lip and reached up to pull out his ear buds .
i splashed my face with water and grabbed my phone and ear buds .
no , said michelle , chuckling as a bud fell off her head , squealing all the way down to its populace .
a group of people exited a nearby building and walked on by , ignoring us and our lovers embrace on a bed of grass buds .
he leans across the table and hands me an ear bud .
the taste of succulent , marinated beef hit her taste buds delightfully .
they had best buds , bffs .
prune , mulch , cut back most of the buds and keep the damn birds away will you plant rosebushes at the ends of the rows ?
my taste buds were in heaven as soon as our waiter , a friend of gabriels , brought out coxinhas , which were cheese and chicken balls of heavenly gooeyness .
* * * so , you re buds with finn daley , i said when my brother returned .
i would nt say buds , but yeah , i ve been taking care of his boat for a few years now .
he plucked the buds from his ears .
i would tell them they had defective taste buds ?
the foul liquid continued to kill her taste buds one by one , her mouth becoming numb .
she could still remember that foul taste of liquor on her taste buds , and no thank you , she would not be repeating that experience ever again .
and the world did find their precious jewel , as hundreds of thousands of tourists from around the world flocked to this little town each year , just to feast their eyes on their exotic lake and the serene beauty that seemed to enchant the eyes , be it in summer when the flowers all bloomed to their full beauty like a maiden ready for her lover to come and pluck her , winter when the whole town transformed into a winter wonderland , including the peaks of the mountains with a casting of white icing sugar , spring when the buds of plants called out to the bees to collect their nectar , or autumn with the golden - yellow leaves carpeting the entire floor , making the whole town look like the land of gold glitter in the autumn sun .
she flicked at one of the buds .
i pulled out my ear buds to hear her .
i put my ear buds back in my ears , then pressed play on my phone for the tunes .
adele ripped the buds out of my ears .
when i bent down to shake her , i saw her ear buds in .
but even before the sweet and refreshing mixture reached her taste buds , she was surprised by the scent that hit her nostrils .
tess is reading a book , flower - power number two has her ear buds in , and in the middle , flower - power number one pain - in - the - asss head is slumped forward , bobbing around with the movement of the vehicle .
chances were good he burnt every single one of his taste buds by not waiting for the coffee to cool down a little .
you have nt smoked since high school , luke said , taking one last puff before smashing the bud under his sandal .
they 'd been best buds through several skirmishes in the jungles of thailand , rescuing hapless humans from the demon trolls who infested the outlying areas .
throwing her door open she stepped out , nipping his impeccable chivalry in the bud .
heres your bud .
when spring finally came and the ground thawed and the first flower buds climbed from the ground , all hopes - and eyes - were back on anna .
it 's much easier to nip a problem in the bud before it can escalate to ... '' her voice trailed off as she turned her gaze to ashley , ` ` to what we have here . ''
there was no way i was going to let that gooey stinky brown stuff anywhere near my sensitive taste buds .
i tasted the cool , pulpy , sweet yet bitter liquid as it passed my taste buds and then trickled down my throat .
the bud was made of milk chocolate .
my taste buds could taste the ribs that derrick had just covered with sauce .
we are buds with benefits .
mary elizabeth had tried to do just that with bud , as though when they married she appointed herself project manager of bud .
cass pictured bud at fourteen , a gangly boy with a determined jaw , a mop of thick dark hair and an exaggerated strut , the kind of boy she and her girlfriends would have called a ' badass ' in the halls of her middle school .
her mother said she spoke of no other than bud .
she recognized how much of herself she 'd just revealed to bud , and a wave of terror overcame her .
just the touch of the soft lining reminded her of bud and last night .
the image of her employer walking in when she and bud lay asleep in the bedroom made her face turn to fire .
` ` by the way , cass , i saw bud plant a big one on you .
` ` where did you get bud from bentley ? ''
` ` well , call me old fashioned , bud .
then , there was the rest of her dilemma , which had nothing to do with bud at all .
here she was , about to take bud home and introduce him to her parents , and she was completely mixed - up as to how she felt about him .
said i should leave a message with his voice mail ... '' bud scooted over toward her .
mornings began with cass and bud feeding and watering the livestock .
` ` now about my daughter , '' wilson said to bud .
he said to bud , ` ` now , to be polite ... '' he raised his eyebrows at peggy as if letting her know he was trying to be considerate .
wilson beamed at bud .
she said to bud , ` ` i 'd better take it .
what is bud the avocado boy going to do about any of that ? ''
the bud she loved was already lost to her .
` ` i ' m just sorry about you and bud , '' she added .
cass was at least pleased to get bud son 's vote of confidence , even if it came after the breakup with bud .
her appetite was diminishing , just talking about bud .
juliann 's perceptions of bud intrigued her .
only now did she understand buds crazy halloween costumer .
the pain of loving bud consumed her .
the ranch , for all its demands , could n't keep her busy enough to stave off thoughts of bud .
one of them was the man bud had met in the airport on christmas eve .
she reined in her horse beside the truck , giving a hearty wave to her father and bud as they approached .
wilson motioned for bud to follow him , and said , ` ` see those two fellows over there ?
the calf nearly overpowered bud .
she asked bud .
her long - ago life with terrence paled into a muddied blur , as though her past had occurred under anesthesia , while her present with bud felt as acute and alive as spring in the crazy mountains .
there were trees all around us , some full of leaves , some just starting to bud .
it was nt like we were best buds or anything to begin with , or worst enemies , but i liked that she challenged her sister .
out of her mind for him , vash sucked on his tongue with the same voracious pul with which he 'd sucked her n**ples earlier , drawing more of his blood over her taste buds .
her taste buds exploded with the taste of wood and smoke and roasted fowl .
we 're buds . ''
buds began forming on trees , cold mornings gradually gave way to cool ones , and on days when it was n't raining , the mild afternoon temperatures required nothing more than a long - sleeved shirt .
the alcohol hit her taste buds like a tsunami of flavor .
he cupped her br**sts , filling his hands with the delicious weight of them while he teased the tips into excited buds .
this scotch is okay but sometimes a cold bottle of bud is the only thing that hits the spot , '' he said , before he emptied his glass .
when he finally brushed his palms over the tight buds , her entire body jerked with pleasure .
` ` i 'll take a bud if you have one , '' he answered .
i do n't help matters at all by not nipping it in the bud . ''
not best buds or confidants , but two people who know more about each other than their anatomy .
` ` you wan na nip her hopes in the bud real quick .
the irony of that does n't escape me , that now my former domme and current sub are best buds , but at least bella has someone to talk to .
` ` i thought you two were best buds or something . ''
i ' ve recently met two of my buds from college , and we ' ve been talking about opening our own business together , and that last week was kind of the incentive i needed to throw my lot in with them .
` ` and that while i will always see bella as my incestuously attractive childhood friend , somewhere along the way you became just a little more than my best bud who i occasionally f**k other girls with .
my drinks are in the bottom drawer of the fridge behind the bud lights . ''
they 're behind the bud lights in the bottom drawer .
` ` alright i need a bud on tap and a miller long neck delivered to the table .
preston started up first , ` ` a little possessive there are n't ya bud .
his teeth clamped down on her sensitive bud , making her back arch , and a guttural groan escape her dry throat .
her n**ples were beaded into hard buds and poking uncomfortably against the fabric , but even that was erotic .
he let go only so he could claim the other one , giving it equal attention as his teeth scraped across the pink bud .
julia sat down , sorting through the rose clippings for buds to make a small table centerpiece , and described damien to her grandmother .
i got three cans of bud for tonight . ''
the roses , still buds , had n't been cut more than a few hours ago .
josie went dim in front of him and the room faded as agonizing pleasure bloomed , unfurling like a tightly closed bud in the first rays of spring sunshine .
tiffany was joining them , since she was single and tiff and jenner were new best buds .
he rubbed back and forth from her quivering bud to her entrance and then back until she was slick and wet and so very ready to have him back inside her .
` ` mom will nip that in the bud , '' michael said confidently .
i know she and seth are tight , but callie and i are buds and she shuts me down every time i start asking questions . ''
some of the flowering species already had buds that were opening .
his taste buds exploded with delight .
digging my fingernails into my palms , i decide i should go ahead and nip any snide remarks from the band in the bud right here , and right now .
after he teased the flesh into a taut bud , he swept his tongue over it .
clearly , she needed to nip this little thing with cam in the bud .
they were rare and delicate wild peonies , with buds as big as baseballs .
she pulled out one of her ear buds , her jaw dangling in the air .
she tugged the buds out of her ears and moved toward him .
` ` where 's bud ? ''
johnny ; kate 's parents , margie and bud ; her kids ; her brother , sean .
i 'll send bud straight to bainbridge to be with the boys when they get home from school . ''
that must be bud and margie 's rental car .
` ` will she get the note you had bud put on her door ? ''
several times she 'd found the box empty and the mail gone , so she knew bud and margie were home occasionally , but she 'd not seen either of them or their car in the past month .
she put the tiny buds in her ears and hit play .
margie and bud gave us the keys to the house across the street . ''
` ` have bud and margie been taking care of me ? ''
upon entering , the smell of food assaults my taste buds .
she smiled as she took the ear buds out of her ears .
she quickly took her ear buds out of her ears and turned around .
staring , she removed the ear buds from her ears .
appetite vanished , he pushed his plate back and tried to listen to what one of his college buds was saying .
the pill had already started to take effect and , despite the presence of the loathsome bud scott , the world had never seemed a brighter or more pleasant place .
but at the moment , i was held hostage by the sensations flooding my body and the sea bass teasing my taste buds .
his eyes blazed as they gorged on the crimson buds .
feathering his fingers inside her , he pressed his thumb against her bud and felt her insides contract as she shuddered against him , crying out his name .
sophie was tired and trying to do it all in her quest not to interfere with the goings - on at kgi since garrett was off on a mission , but sam had nipped that in the bud quick .
the other three made a beeline for the door , no doubt smelling the bud already .
i grabbed them from him and inserted one in the cd drive , slipping ear buds in my ears and sticking my tongue out at him as i thought back to receiving these cd 's earlier in the morning .
pulling away from him , i grabbed his laptop and stuck the ear buds back in my ears .
i opened the fridge and shoved the bud lights to the back of the fridge and moved the orange juice in front of them before daisy noticed .
the tang of the metal filtered through his taste buds and he choked and gagged , took the gun out and set it down beside his latest trophy .
his nerve seemed to be failing him and that alone made a small bud of that anger unfold but luckily for the family on the other side of the door it was not enough to make him reenter the apartment .
he rubbed his fingers against the hardened bud of her clit , enjoying the expression of ecstasy on her face .
roy picked up his long - necked bud and moved down the bar .
roy lifted his bud again .
she chuckled at her own joke and took a couple of long - neck buds from the cooler at her feet .
he stood in the corner by momma 's breakfront , sipping a longneck bud and staring at the interloper in the parlor .
` ` the pies were much appreciated , '' savannah replied , stunned that this wallflower of a woman had captured the male population of last chance by their taste buds .
the dark resinous buds had begun to split , and crumpled leaves of a vivid light green keeked out .
but they 'd never be best buds .
mmmm ... my taste buds did a little happy dance .
he could already see the signs of arousal in her , manifested in the way her nipples had flushed darker and tightened into buds , and in the way her slim thighs , instinctively pressed together to guard the exquisitely sensitive flesh between them , quivered and flexed in a subtle message .
funding depended on how well he did his job and demonstrated both the feasibility and dependability of the buds .
the night wing buds gave a huge advantage to american pilots , and to joe that meant american lives saved as well as wars won .
simple patriotism , pure love for those buds .
i ' m about to stand up and leave when julie pulls a bud out of one ear and gives me a squinting , penetrating look .
ripping the bud from his right ear , above which his hair was shaved , he glared .
the overwhelming sensation of his thrusts , combined with the teasing licks around her bud , pushed her slowly toward the edge .
she had absolutely no appetite and her taste buds had deserted her , but she forced down another bite of tender steak to drag out the meal as long as possible .
` ` you could test it and tell me if your taste buds are altered . ''
his taste buds had gone on strike , but not because of his concussion .
a flower blossomed , the bud was lost .
shana decided to nip this question in the bud .
might as well nip it in the bud .
looks like you and fred are buds already . ''
took off half my taste buds . ''
and do n't get me wrong - we were n't best buds in school .
that 's the kind of guy he is , sacrificing his own welfare for a bud . ''
wobbly knees meant that he was right , and she needed to nip this attraction in the bud right now .
i doubt you have taste buds , anyway . ''
he thumbed it gently until it puckered into a taut bud .
something exotic and spicy and just strangely unique enough to set his taste buds alight .
he had always loved the first buds of spring , but this year they 'd come without his even noticing .
instead , something slimy slithered across her taste buds .
slowly , it broke apart and melted inside her mouth , making her taste buds sing .
as she undulated , her essence burst across his taste buds , overloading his brain with her flavor .
her wee privates looked like a flower 's bud , and her skin sae fresh and soft ... ... '' a sense of coldness grew in the pit of my stomach .
most of the trees were still leafless , but the day was unexpectedly warm for late march , and the smell of the swelling buds on the twigs was green and pungent .
the great rose brier that overhung the door was newly in leaf , hundreds of tiny green buds just forming .
brianna realized that she could see both men plainly ; could see every bud on the twigs of the tree .
she showed me how to divide the heads into individual buds without disturbing the tough casing , then how to plant them .
` ` divide 'em and plant the buds single , one here and one there , all round the garden .
he examined the winter - tight buds critically , then tossed it aside , and glanced up at the sky , where a feeble sun poked its way through the light cloud layer .
` ` you have n't got any taste buds yet , anyway , so what 's the odds ? ''
only the fact that river run was in the piedmont had allowed us to come to jocasta 's wedding ; down here , the woods were cloudy with blossom and crocuses popped through the earth like orange and purple dragon's - teeth , but the mountains were still cloaked in snow , the tree branches sporting swollen buds .
in two weeks or so , those buds would burst , and it would be time for the spring planting on fraser 's ridge .
the vibrant flavor awakened more taste buds .
the rich taste awakened my taste buds and i felt a little lightheaded .
as brooke stares quietly around , every inch in the room is either green , yellow , white , red , pink , some roses in buds , some blooming , some with stems , some scattered on the furniture without them , i quietly come up from behind her and set my headphones on her head , and click play on my ipod .
on the verge of tears that finally shut up melanie , i grab my ipod and stick the buds in my ears , but as i turn it on , even listening to music affects me , because every song i hear makes me wonder if i want to play it to him .
while the thought of any man making suggestive remarks to his wife was an affront , he was glad that he 'd been able to nip the situation in the bud and so avoid a very public confrontation .
he has this hookup for some seriously amazing bud , so i hang out with him .
two fingers deep in her sex , chase extended his pinky and pushed it against the tight bud of her anus , and as she came , he pressed just the tip of his littlest finger against the knot of muscles , not quite entering her .
best to nip their rampant speculation in the bud .
he 'd taken the breezy bachelor bit too far , showing up late and taking her to places more suited to hanging out with his buds than romancing the classiest woman he 'd ever known .
sarah sipped the coffee too , holding it on her tongue so the tart taste of it could delight her taste buds .
she pulled out her notes and recorder , finding her ear buds and setting up her laptop .
before their eyes , new buds formed on the branches , then unfurled into baby leaves .
slowly , small buds began to form on the limbs of his tree tattoo .
small buds had formed all along the branches , making it look almost fuzzy .
there were no new leaves forming , no buds .
no buds had formed along the branches yet , but that could take time .
a thousand tiny buds had formed along the branches of his lifemark .
there had been leaves on the trees when she 'd been here last , not only the first buds of spring .
new , tiny buds now lined the branches of the tree .
the cold air swirled around her breasts , making her nipples pucker into tight buds .
it grew even greener , and tiny buds appeared on it .
the buds burst .
i stopped walking and turned toward a cluster of bud - covered trees .
once she had enjoyed food , but now she had no interest in it ; everything was tasteless , as if her taste buds had been dulled by shock and never recovered .
after settling doozie in her stall with hornswaggled , a goat who was her constant companion , alex headed for the ranch house , where a cold bottle of bud was calling his name .
spring would be here soon , and he imagined that tiny buds were beginning to form on the dogwoods .
our ` ` friend '' bud the car rental guy provided the solution .
` ` your taste buds could use some refining .
` ` mostly it 's the former and we nip it in the bud .
she held out her tongue and allowed him to guide the head over her tongue , in and then out again as it rasped over her taste buds .
she had thought it a most romantic idea and had wasted several momentsraidingher garden of thefinest buds .
reaching up i pulled the ear buds from my ear .
someone needed to nip that problem in the bud .
by the saints , connor had to nip this in the bud .
paige closed her eyes and tried to hold back a moan of delight as the fat - laden , calorie - loaded dessert sent her taste buds into orgasmic bliss .
they saw delicate trees with slender trunks and airy little pink buds .
as much as she wanted to relax into the moment , sipping her drink , enjoying the burst of fruit on her taste buds as matthew fed her , her stomach kept tightening with nerves .
she looked out to the patio where jonah and joey chatted like old buds .
tracking down his best bud 's girlfriend added twenty - ton weights to hank 's already heavy soul .
determined to gain control of his feelings , he 'd accompanied his bud on a weekend trip to the big easy .
but if she was starting to care about him , then he had to nip those feelings in the bud .
` ` twenty - eight buds for twenty - eight years .
between quarters , my father asks me if i am hungry , and when i say yes , he orders us a pizza and brings me a bud from the refrigerator .
i carry the bud bottles out to the recycle bucket by the garage and throw away the pizza box in the outside garbage can .
` ` two buds , '' jake orders .
` ` keep talking spanish to me , sweetheart , '' he groans , thrusting harder , in and out of me , chasing his need for orgasm , never forgetting mine as he presses his fingers against my bud and licks his c*ck against that sweet spot deep inside me .
she 'd never guessed how much sensation the little buds could feel .
why the f**k had n't he nipped this worship in the bud earlier ?
you ' ve been drinking cop coffee for so long , i 'd be amazed if you had any taste buds left . ''
we were n't best buds ; we never chatted about personal things . ''
i had n't been before , but he was calmly assuming he could tell me what to do , and i had to nip that in the bud , now did n't i ?
he stood frozen , his taste buds already imagining the taste .
i figured if we were buds then that would happen more often . ''
reaching up i jerked my ear buds out and scowled at him .
it was almost with reluctance that she released the hard buds of her br**sts .
` ` come for us , '' deke demanded in her ear , pressing in on her swollen bud as jack scraped the inflamed nerves inside her channel .
then , with tongue swirling around the hard buds of her br**sts , he 'd smooth his way back down her abdomen , urge her to spread her sweet thighs for him , then slide his fingers into the slick haven of her p**sy to feel her tight walls close around him like paradise .
and given how devoted he 'd been to the two little buds , she would be thinking of him often .
` ` in buds training for seals , the instructors deprive the trainees of all relaxation and comfort for hours on end to more closely simulate the stress and difficulty of real combat and covert situations .
with every pass , every bit of friction he bestowed on the little bud , it swelled more , poked out from its hood , exposing the delicate , sensitive organ beneath .
quickly , the little buds hardened , stood up .
as soon as the taste hit her buds , she wrapped her lips around the spoon with a moan that fired his blood and sucked the utensil clean .
they 'd grown just as hers had , unexpectedly , over time , a fledgling limb morphing into a sturdy vine that eventually created a bud just waiting to blossom ... or die .
` ` suck the buds first .
but if he 'd been alone with her , he would have had to nip her defiance in the bud .
` ` i need some damn ear buds . ''
thorpe retrieved his ear buds from his briefcase , along with his ipod .
her answer filled him with relief , and he glanced over at sean , who shook his head ruefully and fitted the ear buds in place as the music started .
the salty musk of his skin tantalized her taste buds until her mouth watered .
he should be glad of that because he needed to nip this instant attraction in the bud for many reasons .
the friction against my bud sparks something primal inside of me .
he should have nipped her lie in the bud .
the trees clear quite rapidly until the full grey sky is open and brighter without the cover of tree limbs and buds .
hand , wrist , tongue , taste buds , sorrow - filled heart ... ` ` so the whole twitter thing happens , '' amanda says in a contemplative voice .
sure everyone considered him a bud , but he knew the truth .
he 'd raised more than his share of hell at the university of chicago with his three best buds .
he could swear he saw the first hint of a bud even now .
she sipped her fruit juice , the blend bursting along her taste buds with a hint of coconut , her senses hyperaware since rowan kissed her .
conrad had the inside track on video games since a fellow felonious high school bud of his now ran a lucrative computer software corporation .
but the secure room offered the safest place for him to hang out with a couple of his high school buds - donavan and douglas - who 'd also been recruited for interpol by colonel salvatore .
why were his buds taking him down this memory lane detour ?
the fruity flavor burst over his taste buds at the same time sensation sparked through him .
his brothers all called themselves best friends , but now he realized he 'd never quite paired up with a best bud the way they all had .
her taste buds , however , registered nothing .
she rattled off her order before her pride could get the better of her , each delicacy filling her taste buds with anticipation .
a pal , a bud , someone with whom he could speak frankly and nothing more .
then about how they were n't even serving friggin ' bud in a friggin ' bottle at this friggin ' shindig .
honestly , she thought , watching him slug back a mouthful of very expensive champagne as if it were , well , friggin ' bud in a friggin ' bottle .
she must n't clench her fingers too hard , she thought fuzzily as he opened his mouth about her bud , she must n't hurt or scratch him .
the aroma of the coffee and the smell of pancakes were already seducing her taste buds .
her upswept hair was dotted with white flower buds .
refusing to look up and meet his gaze again , she speared a moist piece of meat , taking a bite and nearly sighing as the flavor hit her taste buds .
rachel did n't hesitate to lift it to her mouth and bite down , and she moaned as the flavors exploded on her taste buds and she knew the lovely calories were headed toward her stomach .
kneeling before him , lia bent down and ran her tongue along his stomach , enjoying the touch of salt on her taste buds .
her throat was on fire and her taste buds stinging as she reached for her glass of water .
her taste buds exploded as she carefully swallowed and then dove further into her meal , appeasing her hunger .
he flicked his tongue over her sensitive , engorged bud and focused on her clit as he pushed two fingers into her channel , finally filling her .
zack knew he had to nip the conversation in the bud , before it took a direction he had n't anticipated and did n't like .