his teeth grazed the bud before his tongue flicked and teased it into a hardened point .
she gasped when his thumb flicked against the sensitive bud , hardening it even more .
she had to nip this in the bud before tracey lost control .
he groaned and dived a long finger into me , followed by another , while his tongue circled my bud , kissing and sucking in equal measure .
i fingered a soft petal between my fingers , and then i noticed a card wedged among the many multicolored buds .
after nuzzling her neck , i left a trail of kisses down her collarbone and over her breast until my mouth closed over that tiny pink bud .
i soothed her , swiveling my tongue around her swollen bud .
he nipped at the bud then soothed it with the silky smoothness of his tongue until her toes curled from the sensuous caress .
then she dipped her head , and like she 'd done days before , she pressed her lips to his chest and captured his sensitive bud between sharp white teeth , sending shockwaves ripping through his body .
he answered her plea when he took the top of her bra in his teeth and pulled it down to expose her distended bud to the air .
she stiffened but the gentle fingers moved down to stroke the sensitive bud between her legs , making her bones liquefy , making her moan .
she let jake lick and nibble and suck at her sensitive buds until she grew so hot she began to throb - right at that sweet spot between her legs that was now pressed down on his hard maleness .
she 'd had to nip that rumor in the bud real fast and after that she 'd avoided him like the black death .
then he lowered his head and sucked the bud deep into his mouth .
thrilled with her newfound power , melanie caught the stiff bud between her teeth and nibbled and sucked until sloane groaned and sank lower in the sofa , giving her greater access to his body .
and then his tongue came out and he gave the stiff bud a lick .
then he was nibbling at the bud , then licking , then sucking so softly until her insides began to melt and she felt the tension seep out of her body .
he lowered his lips and sucked the bud deep into his mouth , putting her out of her misery and drawing a deep groan from her throat .
and the feel of his mouth on her , his lips clamped on her sensitive bud , his tongue sliding and stroking , was so sensual that her juices began to flow .
she worried the nipple , sucking then nipping the stiff bud till max threw back his head and groaned .
and then , even as the sweet , sensual tension in her began to build , max slid one hand between her legs to slide his thumb over her sensitive bud .
to silken 's sweet relief she felt max 's lips on her left nipple and she sighed , melting as he sucked the aching bud deep into his mouth .
the sweet tang made her shudder , her taste buds shocked by the sudden stimulation .
in fact , much to her astonishment and confusion , her ni**les went hard inside her bra , making her drop her gaze nervously , wondering if he had seen the hard buds beneath her blouse .
her sensitive buds stood at attention , aching in anticipation of his kiss .
he could see her ni**les , hard and pointy , tempting him , teasing him and it was all he could do to keep from tilting his head to cover those ripened buds with his lips .
then , before she could beg again , he lowered his head to capture the turgid nipple with his lips , sucking the bud deep into his mouth , making her gasp in pleasure .
as she slid her palms down his sides and to his h*ps she moved her lips to the other nipple where she continued her tantalizing caress and soon her nips at the taut bud morphed into lascivious licks and sexy kisses that had him practically hyperventilating .
there he nipped and nibbled then sucked her now distended bud deep into his mouth , making her arch her back and moan .
when he released her right nipple and turned his attention to its twin , administering the same sweet seduction to her aching bud , solie reached for him , sliding her fingers into the thickness of his hair , holding him captive against her chest .
to her delight he cupped those br**sts in his big hands , squashing them and bringing her ni**les close together then , covering both buds with his lips , he sucked them into his mouth , sending tremors running up and down her spine .
ransom 's lips were on her and he was massaging her so expertly , sliding his tongue over her sensitive bud , sending jolts of electricity shooting up her body .
where he 'd been soothing her with his caress he now began to nibble at the distended bud , worrying it till it grew pebble - hard in his mouth .
ravenous now , he hooked his finger at the top of the right cup and drew it down until her precious pink bud popped into view .
just like he 'd done , she teased his chest with feathery kisses then followed with a lascivious lick at a turgid nipple and even as a groan escaped his lips she was covering that stiff bud with her mouth , licking and sucking till he gasped and slid down on the ground , flat on the floor , and pulled her down on top of him .
if ridge was like any other red - blooded man his eyes would be glued to the curves of her br**sts and the rose buds of her ni**les as they winked at him from behind their gauzy veil .
now , with that sensitive bud between his lips , it was lani 's turn to moan .
her movements decisive , lani went back to stand in front of ridge , her eyes just level with the ni**les on his chest , and although she was tempted to pause there , to give him pleasure by licking the stiff buds , she did not .
then , just like she 'd done , he moved his hands lower , gliding the sponge over her body then down to that sweet spot between her legs and there he stayed , stroking her ever so softly with the sponge , stimulating the sensitive bud down there , sending sparks flying all throughout her body .
he rubbed his thumbs against her ni**les , turning them into tight pink buds of pleasure .
it was kind of liberating that way , allowing her taste buds to discover the flavors .
the hand at her waist slid around and cupped her breast , his thumb teasing her nipple into a tight bud .
taking the tight bud into his mouth , caleb sipped the water droplets from her puckered flesh , savored the sweetness that was uniquely alyssa .
but when he broke the kiss to nibble his way from her collarbone down the slope of her breast , then took the tight bud into his mouth , she felt as if she 'd burn to a crisp .
never in her wildest imaginings could anything have felt more sensual as when he cupped the soft mound and began to relentlessly tease the puckered bud with the pad of his thumb .
when he took the bud into his mouth to draw on it deeply , exquisite feelings flowed to every nerve in her body and her will to resist became nonexistent .
he carried a breakfast tray with two plates of delicious - looking food , glasses of orange juice and a single rose in a glass bud vase .
the overwhelming hunger in her lower belly quickly turned to an emptiness that needed to be filled when he took the hardened bud into his mouth and teased her with his tongue at the same time he touched her intimately .
as for mandi , she 's been the subject of inspection by quite a few eyes thus far , including all your buds in the bbbbc . ''
he alternated long strokes of his tongue with quick , biting kisses , always avoiding the tiny swollen bud that craved his attention .
as if he sensed she was awake , he increased the pressure , pushing another finger inside , massaging the swollen bud .
she did n't even want a large wedding , happy to have a civil ceremony where she wore a mid - calf length dress and carried a bouquet of white rose buds .
the car was n't one of those cute little new vw bugs with the sweet bud vase on the dashboard .
sidra knew she 'd have to nip this in the bud or mindy would have it spread all over the firm in a matter of hours that sidra was pining for her lost love .
his hand moved across the sensitive bud and her back arched , pressing the perfect mound closer to his touch .
my heart sang , but i quickly nipped that in the bud , telling myself it did n't mean anything .
he sucked harder on the ever tightening bud , until she clutched at his head and gasped .
a very blond ancestor of rose holland reclining upon a fainting couch wearing little more than a scrap of fabric and a birthmark on her inner thigh - in the familiar shape of a rose bud .
he bent his head and kissed her briefly as he continued to tease her , stroking that bud of sensation , enjoying the tremors that continued to rack her body as she twisted and writhed in his grasp .
his mouth swept over her left breast and then her right , capturing the tight bud between his teeth .
she laughed then gasped as his teeth tugged the tight bud .
` ` you think that 's funny , huh , bud ? ''
liam sucked her while the tip of his tongue circle the hard bud .
he 'd nip that in the bud , though , starting with papa .
in the garden , he snipped a lavender bloom , because he 'd been enchanted with her at first sight and a blue bud because he figured she was pretty much unattainable - just like his mother had been .
she popped it into her mouth and the flavors , sweet and rich , engaged her taste buds and filled them with immense pleasure .
she could feel them tightening into hard buds , pushing against her sports bra .
she lifted herself back and he rubbed his palms over her nipples , rotating the hardened buds , exciting them almost beyond bearing , then latching onto them one by one with his mouth , his hands back on her hips , moving her from side to side , up and down , stirring a frenzy of sensation that rocketed through her , shattering every last vestige of control .
the lubricated finger circles the swollen , throbbing bud .
instantly your forehead opens to allow the tip and slowly the entire bud into it .
his tongue touched a tiny bud of sensitized flesh and- '' nathan ! ''
instinctively , he found that one most - sensitive bud and concentrated his attentions on it , thumb and forefinger gliding , stroking until keira 's blood felt as if it were boiling just beneath her skin .
he bent his head to taste first one erect bud and then the other and knew he had to have more of her .
his thumb stroked the most sensitive bud of flesh at the apex of her thighs as his fingers continued their ministrations .
his thumb worked that so sensitive bud of flesh at the heart of her , and maggie felt her brain sizzle as tension coiled inside her , tighter , tighter .
his thumb rubbed that small , sensitive bud at her center as he dipped first one finger and then two into her heated depths .
her hands dropped to his shoulders to steady herself and when his thumb stroked over that one bud of passion , she jolted and gasped in a breath .
he stroked that single bud of pleasure until she was whimpering and rocking against his hand .
her gaze locked with his as he lowered his mouth to her center and- she groaned at the first sweep of his tongue across a bud of flesh so sensitive it felt as if it had a life of its own .
as his mouth covered her and his tongue worked over that erotically charged bud of flesh .
he had the complicated closing open in seconds , and he slid his hand into the open bodice , holding her breast , teasing the nipple , feeling it harden into a taut bud while the soft globe seemed to swell to fill his hand ... and his erection swelled and hardened with it .
he whispered while he took her nipples between his fingers , forcing them to harden into tight , hard buds , wanting to lavish her with pleasure .
her nipple tightened into a taut little bud against his thumb , and zack felt lust begin to rage through him again .
` ` i wo n't hurt you , darling , '' he whispered reassuringly , and pressed his lips to the hardened little bud , kissing it , nuzzling until he felt her relax , then he slowly parted his lips , drawing her nipple into his mouth .
it might be best to nip this in the bud so she does n't get any crazy ideas .
he came over her , thrust his tongue inside her mouth to the rhythm of his invading fingers , his thumb grinding her bud in escalating circles .
pouring litanies of worship into her lips , all over her face , he kneaded , weighed one breast , seeking one erect , deep peach nipple , pinching and rolling it before he moved down , captured the other bud of overpowering femininity and need in his mouth , felt as if he 'd captured a vital , missing part of his life 's meaning .
his tongue thrust inside her mouth to the rhythm of his invading fingers , while his thumb ground her bud in escalating circles .
but right here ... '' he pinpointed the bud where all her nerves converged , took it in a sharp nip .
he caressed her flaming flesh with his satin steel , bathed himself in her flowing readiness in one teasing stroke , from her bud to her opening .
before he fractured with hunger , he swooped down and captured the buds of overpowering femininity in his mouth .
pouring litanies of passion into her lips , all over her face , he kneaded and weighed one breast , seeking one erect , deep - peach nipple , pinching and rolling it before he moved down , captured the other bud of overpowering femininity and need in his mouth .
` ` you there , bud ? ''
so when he sank to his knees , his nails digging painfully into my thighs , and sucked the swollen bud of nerves into his mouth , i immediately found myself on the brink of orgasm .
she gasped as his fingers moved underneath the elastic and found her taut bud .
skillfully he touched her , circling his thumb against her sensitive bud , sending electric shocks throughout her body .
she pulled her ear buds out and looked at him .
he tugged and stretched her as he continued to kiss and massage her sensitive bud .
she pinched at her ni**les , tugging the buds until they stood erect .
he leaned in , eyes large and dilated and blew across the top of her wet bud .
his hand slid up her thigh to the bud of her want .
he understood , returning his mouth to her breast , he sucked her taut bud into his warmth , and lowered his hand to the place where she needed him most , pressing his thumb through her suit into her aching clit .
swirling his tongue around her bud , he alternated with light and rough pressure until she was trembling beneath him .
he slipped his fingers through her folds to the taut bud of nerves hidden within .
he brought a hand down to finger - fuck her as he licked and swirled his tongue around her bud .
and then his fingers were on me , pushing aside the thin material of my panties , reaching for the sensitive bud at my core .
it was incredibly hot and savage and combined with the repeated tease of his fingers brushing across my pulsing bud , it would n't take much to bring me to convulsions .
i stepped my legs apart , an invitation for him to find my swollen bud .
the exquisite feeling of his c**k skimming against my vaginal walls combined with the expert attention he was giving my tender bud drove me mad .
but another part of me - a very small , but surprisingly solid bud of calm at the center of my being - believed that hudson would be back .
without hesitation , i moved my hand to rub my clit , swirling the bud at a speed that matched his .
with one hand still wrapped around his cock , he placed his other hand between my folds and swirled his thumb across my bud .
either way , i ' m pleased that this jealousy has been nipped in the bud .
while most romance novels did n't describe details like preparing yourself for anal sex , most real people did n't say ` ` puckered love bud '' either .
lexi chuckled as she ran her fingertips over the velvety buds .
when her heel caught on a small bud vase and it crashed to the floor , spilling water and flowers everywhere , vincent heard sean 's voice whisper through his head : screw jade .
she carelessly scooped the buds up and crammed them haphazardly into the vase before setting it back on the table .
` ` but i thought struggling actors were supposed to drink bud light . ''
` ` so sweet , '' he muttered as he drew my swollen bud into his mouth , suckling hard .
my hips shot off the bed as he kept his mouth on me , sucking on my aroused bud until i felt like i could take no more .
when he reached down and flicked the bud of my arousal as he continued thrusting into me , i keened in pure pleasure as i felt waves and waves of my orgasm undulating across my body .
his tongue circled my tight bud and then suckled on it as i cried out , the pleasure so acute it was almost painful .
he continued to manipulate the bud with his tongue while he pushed one finger inside of me , then two .
he reached down and slipped his hand under my towel , gently stroking my sensitive bud between my legs .
he flicked my sensitive bud with his finger , stroking it rhythmically as i lifted my hips , circling against his hand and feeling the desperate need for release .
jackson continued stroking my swollen bud , knowing just the right pressure to send me over the edge .
he latched his mouth onto my engorged bud , slipping two fingers deep inside of me .
my fingers found my cleft slick with arousal and i imagined jackson 's mouth between my legs , suckling on my tight bud .
jackson gripped my hip with his free hand to keep me in place and continued to thrust into me with his fingers , his mouth still latched onto my swollen bud until the last waves of release passed through me .
i cried out when i felt his tongue dart inside of me , licking me relentlessly , returning to my aching bud over and over again until i screamed , convulsing over and over again in a climax so violent it felt like an out - of - body experience .
jackson 's tongue on me felt almost painful , my bud sensitized even more by my climax .
` ` jackson , '' i mewled , feeling like i could n't handle the sensation of his mouth latched onto my swollen bud as his finger entered deeper into my forbidden territory as my body clutched around him .
he reached down , rubbing my bud that was already swollen and sensitive from my previous climax , making me desperately push back against his thrusts , reveling in the sensations .
i held my breath when the spoon came closer to my aching nipple , the erect bud tightening as the metal spoon came tantalizing close .
i felt goose bumps rising as he brushed the back of his finger that was still hooked over my neckline across my tight bud that had hardened beneath his perusal .
her gasping mouth widened as his tongue joined in , licked from where his fingers were buried inside her upward , circling her bud until she heard her voice sobbing pleas again .
his fingers probed her , slipped into her , circled her bud .
just when she thought her heart would stop and she would dissolve around him and be no more , his fingers massaged her bud in escalating circles , his teeth sinking into her neck again , his growls a carnal current knotting her heart and core .
he took their weight in his palms and stared at their ripened perfection , stroking their turgid flesh in wonder , squeezing their incredible resilience , circling the buds he 'd tasted during so many rides to ecstasy .
he circled the engorged bud of her arousal , drawing more keens , more prodding twists in his hair .
his growl singed her , even as his thumb stroked her tight , nerve - filled bud in rhythmic circles , the exact pressure and speed she needed , escalating her need for release with each stroke .
his hot fingers slipped out and upward over her sensitized bud , pausing for a second to swirl his fingertip over the most intimate part of her body .
he held her imprisoned as he ran his tongue up and down her , in her , then higher taking that sensitive bud in his mouth , wholly , sucking .
his hand glided down to press two blunt fingertips to her small bud of flesh .
sighing with need , i began to rub the bud in slow circles .
when his suction finally increased , the bud swelled till it throbbed against his tongue .
he licked my bud , tasting it till it was agonizingly swollen .
then his mouth was on her clit , sucking the hard bud into his mouth , his teeth grazing against it .
pumping in and out of her , he hit her g - spot as his thumb traced circles around her hardened bud .
her ni**les were hard buds , begging to be touched .
her ni**les were rosy and had formed into tight buds as he neared them .
breath by breath she was on the verge of losing the anna davis she 'd always been against cole 's hands as they slid slowly against her slickly aroused skin , his mouth as it dropped softly to her clitoris , drawing the tight , hard bud into his lips so that he could drag his tongue over it .
apprehension quickly morphed into nearly unbearable excitement as he captured the swollen bud between his lips and sucked .
his thrusts were more measured now , his touch more concentrated on the stiffening bud between her legs .
his tongue curled around the tight bud of her clit before pushing between her labia , and then his fingers joined his tongue , plying her open , sliding into her aching core .
` ` sweet lord , you 're wet , '' he murmured as he toyed with the tight bud of her clitoris , getting lost there for several moments .
his thumbs circled the tight buds , tightening further at his teasing caress .
he swirled his tongue over the tight bud of rose - colored skin and groaned his pleasure when he moved to lave her other nipple the same way .
i cried out when he lowered his mouth to my pu**y and sucked on my bud .
as he sucked the taut bud in his mouth , his fingers pushed into her .
he made quick work of her bra , and then rolled the hard buds between his finger and his thumb , pulling her ass back against his cock .
he scraped his teeth over the sensitive skin , then sucked her bud into his mouth .
imogen moved her hands restlessly on his chest , shifted in her shoes uneasily , tried to maneuver to anticipate his movement and have him land on the aching bud , but he evaded her .
he kissed her until her glasses had fogged up from their heavy breathing , her ni**les were tight buds beneath his fingers , and he would bet his career she was sopping wet in her panties .
her nipple was hard and slick , a tight little bud that felt amazing in his mouth , so good that he had to bite it .
ryder flicked his tongue over the taut bud , giving it a third nip .
as they both watched in the huge mirror behind the sinks , he stroked inside her , spreading her so they could both see the tight pink bud there .
bending his head , he flicked his tongue over her nipple , catching both her tight bud and her finger , which was still covering it .
if he leaned over , he could suck the taut bud up into his mouth and sink his teeth down on it , turning them both on with the sharp tang of her pain before he soothed her with his tongue .
harley was having trouble breathing and she was fighting the urge to squirm as he slowly teased over her tight buds again and again , like he had hours and zero sense of urgency .
my mother married bud rawlings , of rawlings racing , when he was seventy and she was forty , when she turned up pregnant with mj .
the owner of the team that cooper and roger drove for , inherited from his stepfather , bud rawlings , jeff was in his forties , fit , efficient , and quiet .
small portions kept taste buds in a state of attention , while creative presentation seduced the eyes .
your special guests and their taste buds wo n't know what hit them . ''
moreover , hewitt was a single set of taste buds in a world of them .
he took her bud between his thumb and finger and pinched gently .
he dipped his head and swirled his tongue around my breast and over my nipple , pulling on the tight bud with his tongue .
he asked , massaging and tweaking the bud between two fingers .
with every tweak of a taut bud , her sex pulsed and throbbed .
he did n't let up , teasing her clit , gliding his hard erection over and over the tiny bud that gave so much pleasure .
she was bigger than he 'd imagined , her br**sts full and white , her ni**les rosy tight buds that had his mouth watering for a taste .
he finally closed his mouth around her tight nipple , drawing the bud into his mouth and tugging insistently .
he quickly learned what she enjoyed , and he palmed her breast in his hand , while nipping at her bud first with his teeth , then with his tongue .
god , she was hot and sweet and so damn sensual , he thought , his lips finding the hidden bud that would , he hoped , show her heaven .
coop dipped his head and pulled one tight , needy nipple into his mouth , sucking on the silken material , flicking at the tight bud with his teeth until lexie whimpered aloud .
with his thumb , he began to circle the sensitive outer bud and she cried out , so he deepened the pressure outside , continuing to thrust his finger in and out .
dipping his head , he sealed his lips over one breast , pulling the distended bud into his mouth .
his hands massaged and kneaded while he suckled on the bud and then plucked at it with his teeth .
he continuously flicked the bud with the tip of his tongue , loving the sounds she made .
the tip of that same tongue flicked the bud repeatedly , teasing it and sending zinging sensations through her .
` ` give me that f**king thing , '' william growls , pulling the ear bud out of the guy 's ear .
when he shifted to the other side , and licked the sensitive bud at the same time as he ground his hips against her swollen core , she quit trying to hold back the pleasure that was consuming her .
pressing his mouth against her pulsing core , he sucked the tender flesh of her engorged bud , and he gloried in the cries of release that engulfed him .
her internal temperature soared as he sucked her swollen bud while his tongue swiped against it , once ... twice ... a third time , and then she lost count .
` ` arch your back , '' he commanded her as he continued licking her most sensitive areas , and sucked the swollen bud of her womanhood into his mouth , making her cry out over and over again .
she made sounds when i touched her quim and started circling over her tight bud of a clit that wanted my c**k knocking against it .
then i felt his tongue draw across the curve of one breast until he reached the tight bud of my nipple .
a single candle lit the table , and there was an empty bud vase for my rose .
` ` you spoiled my surprise , '' he says , then nods toward the breakfast table where a tray sits with a glass bud vase displaying a single , red rose .
` ` you will , '' i say primly , because i have to nip this in the bud .
she took one ear bud out , raising her brow at me .
i bit her lip , one hand sliding down her body to cup her ass , gripping a fleshy handful to hold her in place while i ground my hardness into her softness , probing , moving it from her hip to her groin , bending my knees until i was making direct contact with her most sensitive nerves , grinding hard enough that i could feel the little bud of her piercing against my seeking cock .
` ` what 's with the phone , bud ? ''
she reached down to grasp his head , moaning as he sucked the tight little bud between his teeth .
at layla 's , i kicked off my shoes and accepted the bud light she handed me .
his finger slid in , moved deeper , brushed against the tight bud of knotted muscle , and i felt myself tense , felt my heartbeat hammer harder .
he laughed , and trailed a finger down the knobs of my spine , between the globes of my bu**ocks , over the bud of muscle .
i pinched her nipples with the thumb and forefinger of each hand , rolling her thick , sensitive pink buds until she gasped .
as if he could n't control himself , he dived in , drawing one pink bud into his mouth and sucking so hard she heard a loud , wet pop when he let go , replacing his mouth with his big hand .
he removed the ear buds , unfastened the blindfold and let it fall to her neck .
a low moan rises from my lips as he teases that tender bud .
he bears down on my throbbing clit , pressing his tongue against that sensitive bud with just the right amount of force .
her rosy buds looked too inviting , but i knew i had to take my time , much to my throbbing dick 's disapproval .
my tongue gathered saliva as if those pebbled buds were already in my lips , tasting them .
with my hand gripping the base of it , i started to massage the throbbing shaft as i peeped through holes in the hedges , finding her on the day lounger , eyes shut as she comfortably listened to the music flittering through her tiny ear buds .
with my eyes partially closed , i daydreamed of making my way towards her almost naked state , awakening her with my lips securely enclosed on one of those delightful peaks , sucking on one of those teeny buds as i fondled the other .
when his teeth nibbled the sensitive bud i lost my breath .
even though the bra covered me he found my nipple easily and nibbled at it until it rose into a tight bud of pure pleasure .
then i felt his mouth seal around my clit as he sucked the tight little bud between his lips .
he held my arms above my head as he teased and nipped at the little buds .
i ' m not feeling very complimentary right now , but my taste buds water in defiance of my dark mood .
i desperately grasp at the tiny bud of confidence the wine left behind .
teaching her to do things the way i like them , and watching her sexuality bud and flourish was going to be an awesome sight to behold .
my tongue flicked over the pebbled bud like a serpent , and then i roughly sucked it into my mouth .
` ` very nice , '' he said before rolling one bud between his fingers .
he continued , nuzzling the bud with the tip of his nose .
slowly his tongue circled the raised bud before he scraped it with his teeth .
with one gentle kiss to her succulent lips , i dipped my head and captured one of her pert nipples with my mouth , swirling my tongue around the raised bud until she took in a deep breath , bringing herself even closer .
i leaned forward again and sucked her engorged bud into my mouth , pulling back my head and letting it go before doing it again and again .
she sucked in a stuttered breath , her grip tightening in my hair as i encompassed the pert bud with my lips and gave her a wink .
instead , i drove her to the edge , flicking my tongue back and forth over her little pleasure bud with lightning speed , sucking it into my mouth and stroking it with my lips , coaxing her orgasm out .
his tongue snaked its way through my soaked folds , finding that little pleasure bud and teasing it only for a moment before he directed his attention elsewhere .
it was when i made a show of scraping my teeth along the hardened buds of her breasts that her head fell forward and her movements slowed .
he held my lips open and sucked at my clit , his tongue making quick flicking motions over the hardened bud .
mia 's fingers pick up speed as she circles the bud with a wet sound .
` ` they bring to mind the new red buds , eagerly waiting to flower . ''
` ` and this '' -he rubbed circles around that swollen flesh- '' is the sweetest bud of all .
his hands now free , he brought one down and slid a long finger inside of me , tenderly stroking my g - spot while his tongue began licking a delicate figure eight across my swollen bud .
my nipples quickly beaded into taut buds begging for his mouth .
rubbing over the tight bud between my cheeks , he pressed firmly , seeking entry .
colby 's contribution to the cart was an extra large box of condoms , four cans of skoal and a case of bud light .
he lapped and licked and blew a stream of air across the wet buds , but never sucked them completely .
he scissored the fingers in her ass , his thumb stroking the sensitive spot of her wet sex , his mouth suctioned to the swollen bud , every action in tune with the blood pulsating in her body .
be cruel , that 'll nip this in the bud once and for all .
` ` baby , you ' ve been hittin ' the bud a little hard- '' ` ` so ?
his wandering tongue met the bud of her anus and he painted it with wet swirls .
sunglasses covered her eyes and she 'd wrapped both hands around a bottle of bud light .
he 'd taken a six - pack of bud light from the fridge when he saw his brother kade 's rig park out front .
his thumb slipped back into her pu**y , and his index finger , wet with her juices , began to stroke the bud of her anus .
kane plunged his tongue into her cunt and then dragged it up , over the bud of her anus .
two empty shot glasses in front of him next to a bottle of bud light .
` ` i told you my ear buds broke , but you could n't be bothered to stop so i could pick up a new pair .
he brought her a bud light from the bar and a moose drool for himself .
` ` you drinkin ' bud light ? ''
` ` me'n landon are pals , right , bud ? ''
he ordered a vodka tonic for her and a bud light for himself .
chapter two ` ` rory , can i get two bud light drafts and a cherry coke ? ''
she moaned as his lips closed once more over her engorged bud and his finger slid easily into her slippery heat .
every last cotton bud and paperclip had been packed into crates and brought thousands of miles for her .
he stroked his tongue further inside of her and pushed his nose against her swollen bud , determined to make her as crazy with lust as she was making him .
` ` i want you , '' she said , frantically trying to move her hips , but he pressed harder into her , giving her even less purchase to move and even more pressure on her aching bud .
he ran his thumb over the bud of her clit , and she responded with a sharp intake of breath .
and as if they had minds of their own , her hands started kneading her breasts , her thumbs strumming over black - cherry - colored buds again and again , unable to stop themselves from exploring the sensations this action caused within her body .
and her pussy , despite being a little sore still from last nights ' sexual olympics , nonetheless rallied , the bud between her legs standing at attention .
having nipped that in the bud , she presented the younger man with her back .
he inhaled one perfect globe into his mouth , biting down as he worked the hard bud with his tongue , all the while stroking into her , stroking into her until ... she came apart with a sharp gasp , her fingernails digging into his sides as she went rigid underneath him with her climax .
` ` i 'll have a bud light , please . ''
` ` end of the world 's not on me today , bud .
` ` thanks , bud .
` ` what about you , bud ?
her taste buds reeled at the strange , sharp spices he 'd added to the bread .
his body grew even hotter and stiffer as his palm itched to caress the firm round mounds , and his mouth watered to suckle the soft pink tips until they hardened into rippled buds under his tongue .
` ` would n't want to ruin your taste buds for caviar , '' tzader muttered .
she caught his eyes , then grazed the pad of her forefinger over the little bud at the apex of her sex .
as her little bud swelled for him , he groaned with amazement .
he started sucking on her bud like a luscious candy , his groans vibrating it .
when he stroked the swollen bud with his forefinger , she threw back her head .
when he realized his mate was grinding her needy little bud against the base of his shaft , he spontaneously ...
` ` come on , little bud , lead the way . ''
` ` like i said , little bud , she 's probably got better things to do . ''
my taste buds about had a mouth - gasm at the fruity flavor .
i want to taste some more , '' he said in a husky whisper as he stared up at me , brushing his lips over my sensitive buds .
he kept his eyes on me as he flicked his tongue over my swollen , aching bud .
` ` so sexy , '' i whispered , as i watched the small bud pulse against my thumb .
the tiny , glowing purple bud , visible only to me , sailed toward caden .
and yet , there was tiny flicker of hope within me , some tiny bud of simple delight in this act .
the most unfortunate thing about the entire situation is that the great big tree - that gave me my escape , that helped serve justice to the man who wronged me - never did bud any leaves that year .
i smile , taking in the tiny green leaf bud that sits there .
when it was my turn , i told gift i wanted a bud light .
` ` they 'll be back to bud light before too long . ''
then jason asked for more mayonnaise for his hamburger , and jane bodehouse wanted a bowl of pretzels to go with her lunch ( bud light ) .
` ` bad news , bud .
with her gaze darting , she snatched her ear buds free , then froze for several heartbeats .
` ` please , please ... '' when he began lazily rolling it over the bud , she gasped , then moaned low .
again and again , he flicked the puckered bud .
but nothing could have prepared him for her maddening taste , the softness of her folds yielding to his mouth , the tight bud of her clitoris swelling under his tongue .
his tongue snaked over that sensitive bud , but she was already about to peak .
though she resisted , he took it between his lips , tasting that bud , tonguing it ... with a hoarse groan , he began to suckle , his eyes rol ing back in his head .
a bud of amusement had her smiling .
his tongue flicked over one hard bud , then the other .
unable to resist , he sucked the little bud into his mouth .
her taste buds were not snotty ; they just knew the difference between good and nasty as hell .
like a ravenous beast , he feasted on the tiny pink bud .
hector fit his lips over her berry pink nipple and bit down , tugging the bud , making it swell with a rush of achy blood .
as he pressed his lips against hers , thrusting his tongue deep , he cupped her br**sts , her ni**les already hard little buds .
as she rose again , he curled into her , exchanging his fingers for his mouth , flicking his tongue over each bud .
he sucked one hard bud into his mouth , surrounding it with hot , wet intensity .
but soon that was n't enough , and she nibbled on the hard little bud with her teeth .
his teeth scraped the sensitive bud , but then he would quickly kiss away the sting .
strider flicked his tongue over the tight bud of her clitoris .
he did n't brush her clit , just teased the sensitive , swollen bud with his nearness .
open her up , slide closer and pay proper homage to those sweet little buds .
william reached over , plucked an ice - blue rose from the bushes , and tucked the bud behind her ear .
a hundred yards away , bud passes out paintball guns .
when she took a break and drew him from her mouth , ryker pulled her folds open , exposing the swollen bud of her clit , and sucked it between his lips .
tammy greeted him with her typical enthusiasm and led him through the living room and into the great room , where he found carolyn snug in a lounge chair with ear buds in .
she squealed and nearly knocked the board and smattering of buds to the carpet .
i felt that lovely bud swelling on command under the tip of my tongue , and i kept up , desperately sucking her flesh against my lips .
philippe and i were close buds now .
he lapped and sucked on my nipple , allowing the sharp edges of his fangs to scrape forth a gasp while his other fingers lightly grazed the top of the throbbing bud between my legs .
thinking of him , i was so close that a feather could brush against my swollen bud and i 'd orgasm .
his hands cupped my ass , and he planted a small , lingering kiss just above my pulsing , sensitive bud .
he kissed her hard and continued rocking himself against her , massaging her bud with the silky head of his cock .
his mouth worked an inch closer to her sensitive bud , and she knew only a moment of contact would be required .
the soft touch of his fingers ran over her sensitive bud .
he placed his mouth directly over her pulsing bud and vigorously massaged with the tip of his frenzied tongue .
she held back a gasp as he rubbed his thick , rock - hard c**k against her sensitive bud , sliding his entire length over her .
there 's something about the flavor of food when you 're truly hungry that makes your taste buds feel like they 're on steroids .
she was classically pretty , with a cute little nose and rose bud lips .
jordan lowered his mouth to my nipple , pulling it into his mouth and sucked the sensitive bud until i was gasping for breath .
maysie threw a pair of ear buds at me and i did n't bother to try and catch them .
he pulled an mp3 player out of his tattered army jacket pocket and put the ear buds in .
christian reached out and dragged his knuckles over the bud of my breast .
with my touch , goose bumps pebbled over the expanse of her skin and the rosy buds of her br**sts tightened .
she gasped and clutched my head when i dipped down and took the rosy bud of her breast in my mouth .
with a smirk , he stepped back , working a single ear bud back into his ear while he spoke .
i yanked at the top of her blouse , exposed the rosy bud of her perfect breast , and took it in my mouth .
a muted groan parted my lips when elizabeth raked her nails over the perfect pink bud of her breast .
our future might have looked grim to him as he faked the smile his people saw when the crown touched his head , but i knew in my heart that this little bud of life in my hand was the symbol of true new beginnings - a beginning together .
he flicked his cigarette bud over the edge and the little flickering orange glow burned its way out of sight .
all living things had souls , even the smallest ant or rose bud , but their souls were different to a human's - they went to a different place .
the light of day at eventide shall fade away ; from out the sod 's eternal gloom the flowers , in their season , bloom ; bud , bloom , and fade , and soon the spot whereon they flourished knows them not ; blighted by chill , autumnal frost ; ashes to ashes , dust to dust ! ''
` ` do i look like i drink bud light ? ''
` ` bring my irritating friend here a bud light , would you , sweetheart ? ''
ty reached for the empty bottle of guinness and the flat bud light and tucked them under his jacket .
a slow spreading smile buds on my lips , and i ca n't hide it .
the glimmer of a wicked grin buds on his lips .
a lewd grin buds slowly across his face .
a devious smile buds on his lips .
` ` oh , i do n't think so , '' brielle douses it with ranch dressing and wolfs it down before her taste buds can properly discern the offense .
her eyes grow wild , a lewd grin buds on her lips because she knows i am .
a wicked grin buds on her lips .
a lewd grin buds on cole 's lips from the kitchen .
he wraps his lips around the tight bud , and worries the other with his fingers .
` ` i did n't think you 'd show , '' i respond and resume running , tucking my ear buds in my bra .
your taste buds are opposed to anything that is n't sweet . ''
we 'll keep working them but my gut says this is n't a clean sweep and catching those two wo n't nip it in the bud .
it 's my birthday and if i wan na spend it with my buds , i 'll spend it with my buds , '' no shot back .
this bud of his has been vocal about shit that goes down on mcgrath 's sites .
she nodded and no twisted his head to look at his bud who was sitting at a set of drums .
` ` you should have nipped this in the bud . ''
` ` what , bud ? ''
` ` baby , we got any more bud ? ''
` ` bud , coors , bud light , coors light , heineken - '' elaine listed .
` ` grab me a beer , will you , bud ? ''
` ` curfew 's still solid , bud .
` ` you think maybe you might not wan na freak out my girl , bud ? ''
do n't worry , i ' ve nipped that in the bud .
the lighting soft and romantic , the tables draped in white cloths with white buds blooming from small , glass vases .
he kissed her , not with brutal passion but this time tenderly , a kiss like none she 'd had from him before , a kiss that made something bud inside of her , awaken and start to grow .
a huge crystal vase sat near the end of the dining room table and it was filled with stunning red roses with spikes of greenery shooting out between the buds .
` ` let 's move on , '' tex boomed from beside me , saying his first words of the night ( except , ` ` give me a ralphie burger and a bud , '' then , ` ` what do you mean , you do n't have budweiser ?
` ` i 'll call ralphie and bud - '' i started but did n't finish .
` ` i just know in dealin ' with you women , there 's always the time , the right time when you can do somethin ' that 'll get through the walls , seed , bud and grow , and that 's when you plant the wisdom .
i heard sniff 's voice coming from the bud in my ear .
my taste buds rebelled at the bitterness , the metallic iron flavor .
i sit on the plane the entire time , playing the video of cassia singing in the basement , over and over again , with my ear buds pressed into my ears so as not to disturb the people sitting around me .
her hand clutched his arm as he tormented the sensitive bud with light , teasing strokes .
he nipped the tight bud , growling in pleasure as she quivered in eager response .
using his tongue and teeth , he tormented the swollen bud , his c**k rubbing against her clit until she was ready to plead for release .
it had barely hit the floor before he had her br**sts cupped in his hands and his thumbs teasing her ni**les to tight buds of need .
he blazed a path of kisses over her breast , lingering in the small valley before seeking out the tender bud on the other side .
he regarded her with a wry smile , his hand cupping her full br**sts and his thumb gently teasing a nipple into a tight bud .
a tender bud of female temptation .
but ever since lexi came into my life , a thin bud of greenery sprouted there , giving me hope that even i could be the person who makes someone 's day better .
marco 's mouth flicks and sucks at the taut bud , while his other hand works off my pants .
i pulled two bud lights out of the cooler , popped the tops , and sat them in front of travis .
i rubbed harder over my swollen bud , images of sex assaulting my mind .
roughly , he grips my legs and parts them , lying between them and placing the tip of his cock at my bud of happiness .
the moment i loosened my hold on him , he lowered his mouth and captured one taut bud between his lips , sucking while groaning .
a deep , reverberating sound left his lips , vibrating against her throbbing bud .
he circled her swollen bud until regan was ready to scream in frustration .
she jerked as his finger toyed with the protective hood of her bud , lifting it , brushing lightly over the exposed nub .
his fingers caressed , seeking her bud of pleasure .
he flicked and tortured the tiny bud as her hips lifted for satisfaction .
he coated his c**k with her cream from her hungry pu**y , teasing her bud with the tip .
his fingers were coordinated , slamming into her aching opening and working her sensitive bud in sync .
he gripped her ass and pulled her snug against his mouth , his tongue tight against her aching bud .
as though he sensed her need , he slid his finger up to the place begging for his attention , making slow circles on the sensitive bud .
the bud was swollen and needy , begging for his caress .
she screamed as his tongue laved her clit forcefully , moving fast and hard over the swollen bud .
he slid the head along her clit , making her moan from the friction on the hypersensitive bud .
i rolled my eyes , chugged my bud light , and looked around .
my finger traced an invisible line along the middle of her panties and she gasped as my finger roughly rubbed her bud .
my tongue found her bud , already soaked with lust and i lapped her up with my tongue , delighting at the taste of her as she trembled beneath me .
` ` even on their anniversary when my mom wanted to do a champagne toast , he 'd be drinking bud . ''
she closed her eyes and a soft moan escaped her mouth as i teased her hardened buds .
she squirmed beneath me and i suckled on her bud through her underwear .
before she knew what was happening , my mouth was back in the midst of her womanhood , and i explored her eagerly with my tongue before sucking on her throbbing bud .
he threw me a van of bud light .
i opened the fridge and grabbed a bud light .
the bloom , a perfect yellow bud , was in its first blush of life .
` ` no , bud .
the spices zing my taste buds without overwhelming them - a dusting of powdered sugar counteracts the fresh ginger - and the whole thing is warm and wonderful and tastes like christmas used to feel .
i slid down the wall next to him , ` ` that you did bud . ''
i take the stairs down to the first floor , wave to henry , the doorman , put my ear buds in and hit play before he opens the doors for me into the stifling summer heat .
he touched , me , stroked me , rubbed his thumb steadily and unrelenting over the hoop and the tight little bud underneath it .
he muttered something dark and sexy that i could n't make out and snaked one of his hands from my rear to the front , and just as he trapped that little tiny bud of desire between his teeth and sucked - hard - he maneuvered his very talented digits in to replace his stroking and seeking tongue and i lost my mind .
every time i touched her , licked her , put openmouthed kisses on her little bud of pleasure , she reacted .
i roll a nipple between my fingers , the stiff bud getting harder with my attention .
` ` i do n't want your taste buds corrupted .
he has my ear buds in , and he 's bobbing his head to the music as he thrums his fingers against his knee .
poor bud caved .
` ` guard at the desk is named bud . ''
and then , while bud , who was easily forty years old and forty pounds overweight , stared at her , she popped into the bathroom .
the guard apologized , and tiff managed to sneak out without bud or jimmy noticing , because brittany was showing them how she could ` ` totally do a back bend . ''
his tongue was like a trained machine , offering a steady pace to my tiny bud .
his thumb rubbed my , now throbbing , bud .
as the brisk air in the room hit my wet body , i felt his tongue flicking my tiny bud .
while his hands reached up and squeezed my ni**les , his tongue slapped and punished my tiny bud .
i buried my head in my pillow and put my ear buds in , so that i could n't hear him any longer .
i was taken back when it finally coursed over the nipple , feeling that hard bud beneath my fingertips .
one at a time he traced those sensitive buds , causing me to moan out little cries of sheer bliss .
i closed my eyes and felt his heated tongue lapping over my deprived bud , as if he were using some kind of centrifugal force to guide him .
rusty laughed with his mouth still lingering over my swollen bud .
while doing it , he let those buds at the top smack over my clit .
i reached under and touched my swollen bud lightly , knowing he was watching .
i reached into my mouth and wet two fingers before running them over the brown of my hardened buds .
still inside of me , he looked down at my very stretched pu**y . i felt his hand rubbing over my lips and holding them apart with one hand while he lightly slapped on my most sensitive bud , causing me to jerk each time .
she had ear buds in , and was startled to see my dad in the living room , bent over to pick up his hat .
i rubbed it against my clit and threw my head back , feeling the heat of his erection making contact with my throbbing bud .
ty stopped and looked up at me , placing his warm tongue against my bud .
i used my thumb , circling over her pretty bud .
he flicked my clit , sending pain and pleasure from my sensitive bud all the way to my ni**les .
the more he rubbed that hard dick over my throbbing bud , the more i cried out in pleasure .
we 'd finished before anything was said again , but i figured since she did n't have her ear buds in that i would be able to speak my mind .
she had her ear buds in her ear , which would explain why she had n't heard miranda pull up or us calling her .
his tongue forced it 's way against that tiny bud , flicking it just at the right pace , while his hands traveled up my thighs , tickling me .
he had his ear buds in his ears and once in a while i would catch him crying .
he licked on my tiny bud harder , making me explode with passion .
where 's your parents , bud ?
i licked over her little bud , flicking it several times with my tongue .
one hand reached down and rubbed her sensitive little bud , before she used her legs to pull my body even closer .
his tender stroking over my bud caused my body to react .
then i went back at it again , flicking her bud with my tongue at such a rapid pace that i knew she was back on the brink of screaming out my name .
i f**ked her with my tongue , while vigorously rubbing on her swollen bud .
she was still trembling as it brushed over her swelled bud , but i kept doing it to see her reaction .
i located her tiny bud and rubbed it back and forth .
he squeezed my ni**les and looked up at me , while his tongue moved up and down my tiny bud .
slowly , he moved it in and out , using his thumb to rub my throbbing bud .
as it slid over my swollen bud , i wanted to scream .
when his tongue made contact with my throbbing bud , i thought i was going to scream .
he was still naked and kept licking his lips as my fingers massaged my swollen bud .
my tiny bud was overworked and ultra sensitive .
i used two fingers and separated myself , opening my pu**y and rubbing on my bud at the same time .
the harder my finger flicked that bud , the more my body began to jerk .
i paid close attention to the sounds that escaped her as i licked on her hot bud again .
ford sucked my bud into his mouth and i lost it .
she licked her bud over and over , making her friend cry out in passion .
my body bucked feeling the immediate , almost sting of the frozen fruit hitting my sensitive bud .
his dick was hot and my tiny bud had n't recovered fully from the last orgasm , so the smallest contact made me react to him , exactly like he wanted me to .
my back arched with every movement he made over my tiny bud .
his thumb reached down and began vigorously rubbing my already sensitive bud .
i 'll keep my ear buds in so you can watch the sports network . ''
once inside the confines of my room , i inserted my ear buds and cranked up my music .
` ` two bud lights please . ''
i could hear him yelling my name , but put my ear buds in to ignore him .
my body arched at the moment i felt his warm tongue drawing circles over my bud .
just as he promised , little convulsions of pleasure shivered through her and settled on the pulsing bud of nerves in between her thighs .
as if picked right off the vine , her taste buds wept with delight .
his hand returned to massage the sensitive bud at the core of her womanhood .
they called each one bud and let it go at that .
at the same time , his tongue stroked the sensitive bud .
` ` but i ' m sure you nipped all the potential disasters in the bud behind the scenes . ''
i had to nip this in the bud , or the teasing would never end .
his fingertips found the tiny bud of desire that lay sheltered in the curls below her waist .
he stroked his fingers into her again , this time using his thumb to tease the small , rigid little bud at the juncture of her legs .
he lowered his head to where her tiny passion bud , swollen and throbbing , snuggled into dark red curls .
he groaned as the dewy folds closed around him , and moved one hand to the front of her thighs to find the sensitive bud hidden in the tight red curls .
slowly he withdrew his finger , his thumb gliding lightly over the small , secret bud of her desire in the process .
his fingers probed gently into her channel as he took the tiny bud of passion between his lips .
he slid two fingers gently into her , his tongue still curling around the bud of throbbing flesh .
she had bought the car from bud yeager , who operated the cove 's sole gas station and garage .
the two women sat at a table with bud yeager , the owner of the gas station and garage .
bud yeager slapped the tabletop with his palm .
he moved his finger over her , making a small circle over the distended bud .
he lowered his head and licked her , running his tongue over the sensitive bud with one long stroke .
... ethan closed his mouth around her nipple , rolling his tongue over the hard bud and sucking up every drop of whipped cream .
` ` i would n't ask you , but something 's going on , you know gavan better than anyone , and i need to nip this in the bud .
spike closed two fingers around the bud , tugging .
he dipped his dark head and licked her breast , sucking on her nipples , first soft , then harder , lifting his head just enough to let the cold air touch them and sliding the sensitive buds into his mouth , again and again , until she was ready to scream .
on the other side of the next beam , diego found bud hooper and maria jemez .
considering the bland food on which she grew up , her taste buds probably needed a lot of education to fine tune her palate .
he flicked his fingertips against the sensitive bud of her clitoris .
those and a yellow bud in a slim vase - mac painted yellow roses into all pictures of isabella .
i finally did call bud dearborn .
` ` bud is a jerk , '' i told him .
as he came in the front door of the bar , i noticed bud was wearing heavy boots and his saints cap .
with bud was alcee beck , the only african american detective on the parish force .
though bud gestured to me to sit down , i shook my head as he and alcee settled themselves in the office chairs .
i made myself look at a huddled form on the ground , close to a forsythia in bud .
the abrupt change of subject startled both andy and bud , as well as claudine .
` ` snap out of it , '' i muttered , hoping bud and andy and the new doctor would n't overhear .
the lead story was police search for six , and i stopped to ask bud if i could have his paper when he was through with it .
there was a lot of shouting and tumult , and then calvin was being held back by bud , andy , and alcee , with lattesta and weiss trying to assist from their undignified positions .
i knew from his thoughts that bud was increasingly a victim to arthritis , and he had some doubts about his prostate , too .
i watched andy tuck his pants into his boots , and bud and alcee sprayed themselves .
i looked out to see bud , alcee , and andy brushing dust and twigs off their clothes .
i suck her nipple into my mouth , dragging my tongue over the swollen bud .
dragging my head down the length of her , i kiss my way back up her stomach , underneath her breast , and i slide my tongue over her nipple before sucking her into my mouth , pressing my tongue against her pert bud .
we named him bud after our favorite beer .
once dee is at that breaking point , i open her lips with my fingers and dance over her knotted bud with my tongue .
she snuffs out the dead bud in the ashtray .
it 's not like his taste buds know what they 're missing .
` ` it 's got one flower open and one still in the bud .
i stretched out leisurely in my seat , removed my ear buds , and put them back in my bag .
simon had just cooked me quite possibly the most perfect meal ever , hitting every single taste bud that needed to be hit .
a cold bud after a gig is the perfect way to wind down , and this particular brew is going down very well tonight .
a quick nod , a flick of his wrist and another ice - cold bottle of bud is sliding along the bar toward me .
the belted sword was placed on an armchair , and i grabbed my ipod , slipped in the ear buds , lay down on the bed , and told myself i did n't care what had happened earlier in the evening .
` ` the tiniest buds on the market , '' luc said , dropping the earbuds into his hand and walking them back to us .
i put the box on the table , walked to the shelves that lined the other end of the room , tracing my fingers over the linen - covered hardbacks that were placed in groups amid bud vases and family pictures .
clearly , my taste buds did n't care where the coffee came from so long as it was fresh .
i felt the heat of his stare as he studied me down there and the hot breath he occasionally blew across my swollen bud .
i started to moan as release washed over me , and adam licked up , applying the most delicious pressure on the swollen bud .
my inner muscles clenched and the rapidly swelling and sensitive bud between my legs began to ache .
his grip stayed on my butt , and i rocked against him , rubbing my swollen bud along his abdomen .
and then his mouth closed over the hardened bud deep at my center .
his finger slid back and forth , up and down , and every once in while it would brush against the little bud nestled between the folds and my body would spasm involuntarily .
he moved them this way and that way , leaning down to take the swollen bud into his mouth to suckle some more .
my body did n't seem to notice his anger and only cared about his nearness because my nipples drew into rock hard buds , aching instantly for just one more touch .
and then his free hand found the little swollen bud at my center and stroked it gently .
his breathing became more labored , and i knew he was about to come when he pushed up onto his arm and reached down between us , once again finding the swollen bud .
the woman 's lips were parted and her ni**les peaked within her bra , tight , hard buds .
her ni**les were hard buds .
her eye was drawn to a really tall red rose standing in a short bud vase .
his tongue lapped low , stroking the tight bud .
the white silk shirt had been made for a man of ample proportions who had a preference for red sequins patterned in a series of red rose buds .
he stretched out beside her and through the fabric fondled her br**sts , teasing each tip into a swollen firm bud .
so he tore off her bra with vampire speed , and covered her nipple with his mouth , drawing the taut bud fully into him and sucking hard .
it was like a rush of forbidden fat , and my taste buds stood up and did a happy dance .
but my heart ached for him , and i felt right then that i would do anything to make it okay for him , that i had to pull my head out of the bud light can and be a true , honest - to - god friend to him .
what 's up , bud ? ''
as stella stripped off her bra , he stared at the smooth , creamy perfection of her small br**sts , her ni**les tight little dusky buds just begging to be sucked .
he delved his tongue deeper , swirling the little bud , the place that begged for his attention .
he sucked the bud into his mouth , hard .
he was in his fifties , his hair a bristly gray , and he wore an ear bud for his cell phone .
` ` maybe that 's because i ' m actually killing my taste buds or something . ''
` ` what 's up , bud ? ''
i reply and replace my ear bud , turning the volume up and looking back out of the window .
intense and teasing , he covers me with his mouth and sucks on the tender bud .
chewing the inside of my lip , i grab a bottle of bud from the fridge , uncap it , and put it in front of him .
whistles and wolf calls came from his buds , but he did n't even rise to the bait .
she took in the carelessly discarded pieces of china and the single rose bud vase .
she pitched all that remained of the tiny bud over her shoulder .
he retrieved the stem from the bed and trailed the small remaining bud along her lips .
vince 's best bud , they 'd often been dubbed in bars the hotwire and the hotshot .
her other hand , underwater over his , twitched , tangling his fingers in short dark curls , dipping into moist heat and rubbing slow circles with his fingers against the hidden bud beading as tight and hard as her nipple minutes before .
guys around the squadron swore josh 's call sign bud stood for buddy , everybody 's pal .
circling the plane over the target , she continued her steady stream of situational awareness updates to bud .
` ` way to go charming your mother , bud .
her ni**les tightened to needy buds against him , hot and achy , yearning for the soothing stroke of his tongue .
his longer hair falls around his face as his mouth pulls the taut bud into his mouth , and i thread my fingers through the strands .
he placed his lips on her sex , drawing the tight bud into his mouth and suckling hard .
only when she was shaking , straining against his mouth for release , did he give her what she wanted , thrusting one finger into her moist heat and nipping the tight bud with his teeth .
while he worked her clit with his mouth , licking the hardened bud with the tip , he slid one long finger inside her .
she rewarded him with a full body shudder and her ni**les tightened into buds visible beneath her top .
every touch , every brush of his callused fingertips might as well have been directly on her sex , because the tiny bud throbbed and ached as if he were physically touching her , and she arched her hips , seeking deeper contact .
her unique scent filled him as he pulled the tight bud into his mouth .
the tiny bud tightened and a shudder hit her hard .
reaching out , he cupped her br**sts in his hands , kneading the plump flesh before he focused on her already hard ni**les , pinching them between his thumb and forefingers , rolling the tight buds until she cried out .
the streams struck at her sex , gliding over and onto her inner and outer lips , hitting her directly on the small bud he desperately wanted to take into his mouth .
long , loving laps of his tongue alternated with short nibbles of the tiny bud that brought her closer to climax .
` ` i had a bottle of bud light before kate arrived , one after , then joe sent over a shot or two . ''
tess did n't answer and faith realized an old ipod sat on the desk , its ear buds in the teenager 's ears .
faith gestured for her to remove the ear buds .
tess seemed happy to stick her ipod ear buds on , sketch pad in front of her , and tune out the world , so faith let her .
he latched on to the tiny bud at her core and began to suckle with insistency .
and he spoke with the certainty she remembered when he talked about heading to vail to show his skills to bud keene , his dream coach .
he grazed the tight bud with his teeth , then soothed the gentle bite with long laps of his tongue .
to prove him wrong , she took a final sip from the second glass , but between the way she 'd killed her taste buds with the hot food and the complete fuzziness wrapped around her brain , she could n't tell what she was drinking .
seeking to enhance her arousal , he responded by rolling each bud between his thumb and forefinger .
` ` she thinks just because i ca n't see , my taste buds have gone , too . ''
` ` you okay there , bud ? ''
he pushed his hands beneath her fanny and lifted her higher , driving his tongue into every fold of flesh , lingering at the sensitive little bud of her clitoris before diving lower , parting her with his thumbs so that he could penetrate her with his tongue .
he found that tender bud at the apex of her cunny and delicately slipped a fingertip around it , not quite touching the little peak , teasing instead .
i 'd find your secret bud hidden in among them , and i 'd circle it just so .
his tongue was hot and faintly raspy , stroking firmly over and over , burrowing deeper until he did indeed find what he 'd called her bud .
he hitched himself up , pressing against the apex of her thighs with each thrust , rubbing against her little bud .
would you like my mouth against your center , my tongue against your bud ?
just when she thought she could n't take any more - when her breath was coming in short quick pants - he opened his mouth around her bud and sucked strongly .
then his hand moved , his fingers spreading to hold her femininity , and his middle finger pressed with exquisite accuracy on her sensitive bud .
and when he reached the top , he licked around her bud , in tighter and tighter circles until she was clutching at the sheets on either side of her in trembling ecstasy and had raised her knees to press against him .
and then he set his mouth directly on her bud and sucked .
gently he shook his head and at the same time circled that delicate bud .
ethan flicked his tongue over the distended bud , then suckled gently .
the glass table with its wrought - iron legs was laden with the remnants of the group 's meal - filet mignon , roasted potatoes , two different types of wild rice , a spicy brisket dish , several bottles of red wine , and a case of bud light .
while he sucked on the pearly bud , his hand cupped her other breast .
he pinched her ni**les , teased them , got them so impossibly stiff that the tight buds began to ache uncontrollably .
if she did , he 'd surely notice that her ni**les had puckered into two tight buds .
his tongue licked its way up to one rigid bud .
he bit down gently on her most sensitive bud , thrusting deep with his fingers , his tongue circling , and she felt herself flying apart , rocketing .
his heavy shaft stroked over her inflamed , swollen bud and she exploded ; wave after wave of intense sensation surged through her .
the fingers continued their journey , sliding into her , curling and teasing , stroking and circling her sensitive bud .
she gasped and bucked , as his thumb pressed down relentlessly on her hard bud .
when she was gasping and thrashing beneath him , he leaned forward , applying more pressure to her hard , sensitive bud , more intense friction as he pistoned into her .
he slid his hand down lower , over her damp mound , his thumb sliding into slick heat , finding her hard bud and rasping over it with the bristles embedded in the pads of his fingers .
he pressed tight against her hard , aching bud , and the sensations heightened ; flames flashed like a firestorm , and she lost her breath and most of her mind .
and then his mouth was on her tight , hard bud , already inflamed with need , and he suckled while his fingers thrust deep .
her bare br**sts were laid out in front of him like a feast , and he drank in the sight of her lush flesh , swollen and flushed with desire , rising and falling with every breath , luring him closer to the tight , pink buds that stood up to beckon him .
his mouth went to her sensitive bud , tongue flicking back and forth ruthlessly , throwing her into a wild , never - ending orgasm .
the more sensitive she grew , the more he persisted , holding her down while he sucked at her , before once more taking her bud between his teeth and stroking with his tongue .
his mouth closed over the hard nipple , so hot and moist , his tongue flicking at the tight bud , so that her attention instantly was centered there , to the lightning streaking from breast to belly to her feminine channel .
his mouth closed around the bud , suckling , his arms pinning her thrashing hips , holding her still while his tongue continued to torment her .
he shifted her slightly to get the angle that would press him hot and hard over her most sensitive bud , and he picked a faster , rougher rhythm that had her crying out his name .
he was n't touching her br**sts , but her ni**les tightened into two hard buds .
deliberately , watching her eyes , he swiped his tongue through her soft folds , circled her most sensitive bud and then stabbed deep again .
around them , the ground took on a red glow as he began to move , long , excruciatingly slow strokes , dragging over her sensitive bud , burying himself deep , all the while watching her face .
he used the edge of his teeth to tug on her sensitive bud to keep the bells playing .
acting the part of clueless kid , she tucked ear buds in her ears and pretended to listen to music .
but as he filled his palm with her breast and her nipple tightened into a small bud of need , he knew he could n't walk away from her now without igniting her anger .
the small pink buds of her br**sts hardened with the slight breath he blew on them .
for a brief moment , he wondered if the ni**les on her br**sts were a rosy pink bud or a darkened tan patch .
his fingers plucked at her ni**les , squeezing and releasing the tight buds .
can i get you anything else to go with that bud ? ''
that last bud went right to my brain and addled it a little , i ' m afraid . ''
stroked the bud that quivered for him .
he found her clit and stroked that tight bud .
his lips parted , closed over the bud , and sucked , hard , harder .
let 's just nip this in the bud before it gets any worse .
then he was sucking the taut bud into his mouth , loving the taste and texture of her .
` ` so wet , '' he murmured before drawing the taut bud back into his mouth .
she gasped as he lazily and teasingly circled a nipple with his finger , never quite touching the hard bud itself .
then he sucked her nipple into his mouth , grazing the hard bud with his teeth and biting down .
as he 'd expected , she jumped in surprise as he let one of his fingers gently circle the bud of her ass .
he pinched the pert buds hard , knowing she loved it .
releasing the taut bud with a pop , he told her , ` ` i ' m going to taste you now . ''
goosebumps broke over her skin when he pulled back and blew on both wet buds until they tightened painfully .
as my hands roamed over every inch of her that i could reach , i licked a path from nipple to nipple , pausing to circle the taut buds but resisting the urge to suck on them .
` ` i 'll take my sexist ass to the refrigerator and bring you back some bud flavoured nsts . ''
then , unable to resist the taut buds , i closed my mouth over one , suckling and nibbling .
i crossed my arms for emphasis , as if this would scare my best bud who had now revealed himself to be some sort of commando ninja guy .
i 'll leave a note for bud ; he can jog alone just this once . ''
the elastic on the mask holds the ear buds in place .
he quickly frees my other hand , gently pulls the mask from my eyes , and removes the ear buds .
putting my ear buds in , i pull the flattened charlie tango balloon from underneath my pillow and hug it to me .
` ` oh , and here are some ear buds .
i found jax 's latest album and put the ear buds in my ears .
` ` i thought i might find you here , '' my father said , waving the bartender down and ordering a bud light .
i bunkered down in my spot as i put my ear buds in and pulled up ` ` got ta be tonight '' by lifehouse .
one swipe of his tongue across my sensitive bud had me moaning like a crazed woman .
pushing two fingers inside her , i began working her as i moved my tongue to the hard bud .
he licked me again , and i jumped again at the feel of his tongue making a pass over my sensitive bud .
karen sat down next to me and asked for a bud light as she nudged me with her shoulder .
ripples of desire undulated low in my belly as he played with my breasts , sculpting and kneading them , stroking and pinching my nipples into hard buds .
jake 's eager eyes fastened on my naked br**sts as my ni**les tightened into hard buds .
she clasped her hands over her belly and ducked her head , trying to hide her eyes from them , to close herself up tight like a flower bud .
she looked quickly back down at the blossom 's blushing center , and she felt as if that small word was opening her like a bud , like the sun had touched her and she was unfurling her petals to better draw its warmth .
i want to ask her what kind of crap , and why my crap is in the attic instead of in our shared bedroom , but janette has stuck the buds back in her ears and is working hard to ignore me .
i pause long enough to be thankful that he gave me his jacket , otherwise he would feel the way my nipples have tightened into hard little buds because of his closeness .
i ' m not wearing a bra , so my nipples immediately pull into painfully tight buds in the cold room .
she bucks in my lap , her hips lifting up and then slamming back down as i suck that tight little bud into my mouth .
when my bare chest brushes his , the tight buds of my ni**les dragging over his bare skin , he shudders and pulls away , releasing my hands and unwinding my legs from his waist .
she rolled her eyes at him and left before he could ask if she 'd bought bud .
being late is an integrity issue and it 's one i plan on nipping in the bud now .
i swirled the pulsing bud around and around with my tongue , used my fingers to play with her , glided them along her inner walls that were flexing and jumping at the barest touch .
i would ' ve nipped it in the bud immediately had travis not seemed to so enjoy playing football with sig .
i thought i 'd nip it in the bud . ''
if i did n't nip it in the bud , something like that would be fodder for the gossip mongers for weeks , maybe months .
i felt a little bud of excitement unfurl in my stomach .
` ` this is beautiful , '' he murmurs , tweaking one nipple and making it furl into an even tighter bud .
i 'll tantalize your taste buds with my culinary delights .
i opened my hand and looked down at the pulverized rose bud .
they race up my arms and down my back , and cause my nipples to furl into tight , aching buds .
` ` i said ' nice tunes , ' '' i repeated , hearing guns n ' roses ' ` ` paradise city '' spitting out of her ear buds .
she draped the cord to her ear buds around her neck .
she thought she could nip this in the bud with a tidy little bow and walk away , but i was n't done .
her lips part and her eyes fix on mine , wide and waiting , and her nostrils flare , and her nipples tighten to diamond - hard buds against my chest .
' see you there , bud ... ladies and gentlemen- ' lance pulled a face and reached for the pa system button .
abby moaned and gasped with pleasure as i pinched and tweaked her ni**les to hardened buds .
even the bud of the magnolia was a yellow princess cut diamond .
his tongue flicked at the pebbled bud , and my hands went to rake through his hair .
i kissed my way to the tip of her breast and bit down , carefully using my teeth to tug the bud of her nipple .
she turned around , taking her ear buds out , and searched for the source of those words .
olivia turned around , removing her ear buds .
the pounding of his dick deep inside me , the feel of his balls bouncing against my ass , added to his talented fingers on the bud of nerves - my sweet spot- all pushing me closer to a tsunami of an orgasm that would drown me when it hit .
picking up my other foot , he skimmed my arch over his massive erection , making that bud hidden between my legs , that i 'd learned to rub out my orgasms for this man , throb for attention from my fingers .
the first touch of my soft finger over my bud made me moan .
i rubbed faster , glad for the warm water so that i did n't have to lick my fingers or dip them inside myself to keep getting that little bud wet .
my soapy chest rubbed against his , my nipples pressed into his flesh to cause a new kind of ache from that bud between my legs , but only added to the pleasure - filled pain of my throbbing sex .
after she left , he ordered a copy of the disc for his personal records , which would be played tonight to the tune of pizza and beer before all of his security buds .
bud beans voice , unusually defiant , broke the darkness , first question , oh , my lord and master , keech , and unless i get the right answer , i m walking out of here .
bud bean flipped through the pages , scanning a line here and there , pausing to read a paragraph that caught his eye .
another bag had four cheeseburgers , a bottle of guinness , and a bottle of bud .
its ok bud , i know its not your fault , i know you ll always have my back .
no can do bud , you know its nothing personal , i just do nt want us to rely too heavily on it .
it was one hell of a close call bud , but thanks to you , she made it .
` ` pete , could do with a hand up here bud . ''
thanks bud , said jd lighting the cigarette .
cheers bud , said jd as he and k sat down .
i want you to stay here bud , keep tristian and the doc 's company , ordered dan .
calm down bud , dan replied .
on your mark bud .
between the songs i can hear the gentle sizzling of the lamb which is being spit roasted on a fire , just upwind of the cafe so as to tempt the taste buds with its mouth - watering aroma .
the professor and maria racked their brain for a logo and eventually selected a rose bud as a symbol of happiness and flourishing .
a little bud was about to open and sarah was staring at it intently , trying to guess whether the petals were transparent or not , and she did n't feel seth 's shadow cover her shoulders like a blanket .
the pain was fleeting , quickly forgotten as a bud of alien consciousness bloomed into elis mind , foreign to his own , opening inside of him , warm and confused , but curious .
after the prints , and the handwriting samples , the aid worker pricks my left middle finger with a needle and covers the head of a cotton bud in my blood .
the ear buds , which were connected to the player , suddenly disengaged from the unit , pulling themselves free .
` ` how you doin ' bud ? ''
he patted danny on the back , ` ` good work bud !
joe smiled , standing back on his feet , ` ` trust me bud .
` ` good going bud , '' answered joe through the comm , ` ` we 're almost at the top .
i hope so too , bud .
he snorted but bent forward to break off a fragrant bud near his foot .
` ` what is your name , my beautiful little bud ? ''
` ` yes my lord is how you address me , little flower bud , '' purred lodestok , punctuating this with a sharp tug on the boy 's hair .
` ` what did you say , little bud ? ''
your life is worth very little , young bud .
` ` yes , '' mused lodestok , stroking his whiskers , ` ` a remarkably pretty young bud .
` ` well now , my little bud , we shall have to show you how to unfurl your petals , shall we not ? ''
` ` now , little bud , you bring the goblets over to me . ''
` ` so you are awake now , are you , little bud ? ''
` ` what then were you doing , young bud ?
` ` i would advise you to explain yourself , little bud , or i shall crucify you myself . ''
` ` and if , '' the silky voice went on , ` ` you do not apply yourself , little bud , you will answer to me and that i can assure you will be very painful .
` ` you had best explain to me why , little bud , '' continued the quiet voice .
` ` you might be tempted to try to run from me , my little bud , '' lodestok said once , so gently that bethel flinched at the inherent threat .
` ` you will confine what you learn to music , the military and history from today , little bud , is that clearly understood ? ''
` ` no more reading or seeking , little bud , other than with jaden should he ask for you . ''
` ` shall i continue to break you , little bud , do you think ?
` ` perhaps you would like to explain why i should understand you , little bud ? ''
` ` have you missed me , little bud ? ''
` ` then converse with me , my bud . ''
the sweets shop was a rose bud nestled in a corner of the market that was less crowded .
scanning about in another direction , louis spotted an old wooden roll - top desktop filled with strange looking liquid filled bottles , flasks , flagons , jugs and bud vases .
he grabbed his head and stuck his fingers in his ears , then grabbed his ear buds from his backpack and stuck them in his ears like he did when he went to a loud concert .
her little bud of a mouth and soft black hair were a miracle to graham , but those pink lips had turned blue quickly and the feeling of loss almost crushed him when she breathed her last so soon after coming into the world .
she was beautiful , her pink bud of a mouth even now suckling in her sleep .
see you tomorrow bud , tomas said .
after making love to him , she waited for him to fall asleep , then left a black ear bud on the night stand for him to find .
while they waited for the drug to have its desired effect , winston finally spotted the black ear bud that simone had left behind on the floor beneath the nightstand .
anyways , jesus walks up lookin ' all towards heaven ( ai n't there no mo , bud ) goin ' ` ` my brother , my brother ! ''
asked mel , as bates hopped back into the car and handed the cold bud to him .
` ` nice cold bud my friend , just the way you like it !
but this was a day when all other events were placed in clearer perspective and soured by the terrible thing that had happened to dr . oscar oscomb , expert biologist , loud singer , bud drinker , b - team - mate , hero , and dear friend .
right away he heard in his ear bud , doable dude , these are proverbial doers !
you can come in on a buds open lawn about a half mile away .
he was the one who forced his bud to do something he never should have attempted .
do nt worry bud ; ill get us a way out of town .
i switched to the small bud at the apex of my cunny and attacked it in swift strokes .
but i did n't see a single bud on the cactus .
my nipples turned into hard buds at her lightest touch and i moaned as her palms grazed them .
gnashing his teeth upon the chewy bits , saliva seemed to flow like a faucet into his mouth as he swallowed time and again , audibly letting his siblings know of his taste buds ecstasy .
ronnie had had vivid dreams before , some of them pleasant , like the time he rode the back of a benevolent dolphin in the ocean , just like bud did on flipper , but then there were nightmares , too , such as the time he dreamt of playing soccer with his fourth grade class and when he kicked the ball toward the goal , craig musetti tripped him .
in the lower right was a cup in the shape of a rose bud .
jordan sighed , picked up his glass of whisky and headed toward anne , who watched him approach , a half - empty bottle of bud in her hands .
that night , she dreamt of a seed waiting to bud .
it manifested itself as a bud of light that appeared at the top of the tower .
joe tended to get most of bud 's work , probably due to the fact that he was dependable , and showed up every day ready to work .
that allowed everyone to come and go whenever they needed to , and all the tradesmen that worked for bud had a master key .
the keys fit all the rental properties bud owned , or managed , as well , and joe could n't count the times that had come in handy to him .
they did do a good job on the cleaning though , he thought , and i would probably only get the guy in trouble if i called bud and complained .
we need to talk , old bud . ''
wait till we get down in it , ronnie old bud .
` ` little late for that , ron old bud .
whatcha lookin ' for there bud ?
the bud recoiled and shut its mouth .
begin to bud .
his potential career as a car racing driver had been cruelly nipped in the bud by tyrannical jailer cleo .
emeka removed his ear buds .
mike asked , his ear bud set to hear , not transmit , so that he could hear a warning from the rest of the team , but so that he and everett could talk in private .
while he was doing this , mike opened up his ear bud and commed mickey .
all mike had to do was turn on his ear bud , tell the team to paint the two engineers as targets , and smith and weitz would be history .
mike clicked on his ear bud , mickey , were coming out .
and , as he did so , he became aware that he grew used to it - as though his taste buds saturated and could handle the excess more easily .
the old man 's uncovered gray hair was a kind of blossom waving among the floral white and jeweled buds .
nero 's a cheap bastard who has no taste buds . ''
the buds were a deep crimson .
when it came down again , however , the pink rose of his mouth closed on the erect pink bud of her breast and began to suck .
my hand is lost in his , gently bound , like the tender heart of a rose within the bud , waiting for the rain .
the feathery bud of kelp felt like the palm of a small woman 's hand on his belly , covering his navel , hugging him from behind .
no sir , eddie , i ' m afraid this bud 's for you .
she wondered if madeleine was reaching out with her mind right now , changing the neurons in dess 's head one by one until her taste buds fit the right configuration .
a bud light shower .
marta finds crackers , peanut butter , and - best of all - three cold bottles of bud .
the two men are n't listening ; they 're watching the tv , as transfixed by the split - screen images as marta edmunds ( who 's on her second bud and has forgotten all about the corpse of old clayton brassey under the sheet ) .
` ` like a little bud o ' silk , '' the old woman crooned , and her meddling fingers moved faster .
like the little bud between her legs .
even a girl who 's intact do n't need to lack for a shiver now ' n then ... like a little bud o ' silk , so it is .
how you doin ' , bud ?
unbidden , her n**ples tightened into dark little buds .
the buds tight and puckered as they rubbed against the inside of her plain bra .
big and warm , the calluses on his palms abraded the stiff buds of her n**ples .
she gasped , the twin points of pleasure and pain throbbing as heat arched between the turgid buds and her clit .
i 'd expected her to be pretty because she 'd been pretty when she was a girl , but that had been the bud to this , the radiant flower , and i did n't want to do anything except stare at her , to drink in the woman she 'd become .
she flicked the bud below .
he plugged the bud into his ear and hit play .
` ` and the gods caused the earth to bring forth the beasts , and the waters to bud with 6sh , and the skies to flower with birds .
` ` she has a fever bud no swed .
a bright bud of blood blossomed where his sword pressed into mycah 's flesh , and a slow red line trickled down the boy 's cheek .
the pointy little buds she was so intent on hiding would have looked more natural on some ten - year - old than they did on her thick muscular chest .
i do n't understand why i touched him or what 's happening now that i am , but i feel something opening inside me , like a bud spreading its delicate petals toward the sun .
rusk breaks from the duckling lineup , walking straight to pemona as identified by baycliff , admiring her new sexy outfit as she removes the satin black with white bird flowers venetian half - mask hold by a yellow rose bud post , smiling sweetly at rusk .
rochelle gallops to wolf , giggling and touching his hand with a playfully gesture as she slides her venetian half - mask of vertically striped alternating navy and silver lines with red rose bud post .
comon bud !
she popped her ear buds in , blew the bangs away from her forehead and stared out the window across the rolling farm fields , trying to let the music from her ipod distract her .
we walk to the bar and ask the guy for two bud lights , pay , and walk back toward the floor .
most people turn up their nose at it , but once you taste it , your taste buds will thank you .
we expect that from you bud .
jesse took another sip from his can and found that his taste buds disapproved .
and that savory tang had every single taste bud on your tongue rejoicing in delight .
the food items are neatly arranged on an oversized biggy platenawplatter with a small glass clear vase of three red rose buds .
even the drink was delightful , a sweet concoction that made their taste buds dance for joy .
chapter 1 ear buds stuffed in , i cranked the volume on my ipod and clicked my exercise shuffle .
then it dawned on me , the white string belonged to my ear buds .
on the way to school , i shoved my ear buds into my ears , ignored jamie and zephyr as they tried to engage me in conversation , and listened to the song repeatedly to make sure that i actually know and could remember the lyrics .
after a few moments of slipknot blaring in my head and zephyr not trying to communicate with me , i tug a bud from my right ear and ask , aunt hil send you to find me ?
sometimes i had ear buds stuffed in my ears , sometimes i just sat in silence .
ryan snorted , good luck , unless it says bud light on it , he ai nt buyin .
their poignant story had made my heart elegy and i still can not believe the abyss these little buds have gone through in such an unripen age .
she realized that the contrast of the colors was what made the heavy bud so entrancing .
oisin focused on the sumptuous fabrics before him and watched as miniscule blossom faeries brought buds of night jasmine to the queen , laying them in a circle around their mistress .
anyway , bud pratt , the owner of the pizza star chain , was out strolling one evening at his brothers farm when trusians flew by and beamed him up .
why not just forego the groovy headphones and communicate with the telepathic ear buds ? roger asked , rolling one of the buds in his fingers , examining it .
why not just forego the groovy headphones and communicate with the telepathic ear buds ? roger asked , rolling one of the buds in his fingers , examining it .
you call bud if for some reason you ca nt get a hold of me .
she shot a commercial for bud and dropped it at corporate for him to look over .
their gift to the castle , a slate of petrified black shells curled as tightly as clustered rose buds , sparkled and danced on the coffered ceiling mirroring stars in the cloudless desert sky .
layth pushed the lamp before him as the path narrowed threatening convergence ; transforming in space between the flickering of light into a glittering bejeweled channel inlaid with thousands upon thousands of infinitesimal shells curled tightly together like clustered buds of vine flowers .
as they searched for sight , the moth reappeared in the shadows , its wings aglow ; flame of the lamp sparking into sizzling crackles , catching misshapen tips as the winged creature altered , transforming into the likeness of the pale man haunting layth 's dream ; crimson hair reflected on thousands of tiny shells curled tightly together like clustered buds of vine flowers , sparkling and dancing under the flame of the oil lamp .
where s your manners , bud ?
taking in a deep breath , i slipped the ear buds of my ipod into my ears .
i grinned and turned to face my best bud , one last shutter sneaking up my spine .
and zoes got sensitive hearing , heidis taste buds are off , and seths nose stinks .
in front of them was the ladies chamber , swarmed over with green shrubs , and jasmine buds .
the golden chain reached up to an ivory tower , and it lost its sparkle as it disappeared into a tall , dark , arched window bordered with green shrubs and freckles of jasmine buds , located at the top of the tower under a tiled roof .
albert jerked his leg and the chain dissolved into golden dust , melting into the damp ground and springing back up as a long white line of jasmine buds .
ear buds for an ipod were stuffed into her shirt pocket .
` ` you okay , bud ?
he picked up the red bud and presented it to his beloved .
fresh salad mix was in the refrigerator , as well as 5 kinds of salad dressing designed to suit whatever mood her husband 's appetite and taste buds might require .
once were both up , robin puts her ear buds back in , but does nt turn on any music .
` ` just out , bud .
only three seats appeared to be vacant , so they took those seats and mac popped in his ear buds to finish his program , interrupted during the plane landing .
nodding to his mother and aunt , he put away his ear buds and trailed after the group .
he sat down in a corner and popped in his ear buds , put his head back to listen , and closed his eyes to shut out the tension in the room .
leo sat in an aisle seat with his ear buds in , not really listening to the music .
inside the limo , his father picked up the player and put the ear buds into his ears .
that hurted bud , but next time do nt go for such a pansy shot , and that comment earned him a kick to the face .
a kaleidoscope of flavours dazzled his taste buds , and he closed his eyes and revelled in the feeling of returning from the brink .
she had on a belted , black tunic mini dress and calf - length sheer tights with solid dark rose buds .
the racks were filled with elegant , precisely decorated goodies that triggered my taste buds into an immediately hungry frenzy .
mama and daddy will return from their required chore of making money to put food on our table along with my requested three - tier birthday vanilla butter crme frosted with a total of seventeen sets of tightly bunched red - colored butter crme rose buds for my new years of existence on planet earth around the three levels of sweet vanilla cake .
i turned to jett , tough break bud .
when she got home , she put the wilting bud into her jewelry box .
watching them grow is like watching flower buds unfurl their petals at the sun .
we just put in ear buds and tune each other out .
in spite of the cold wind and winter chill , a small green plant had pushed its way up and , against all odds , was beginning to bud .
i ask taylor if he wanted to get high , i definitely said it cool though , probably used the words bud or fire .
pink buds appeared and blossomed into dark pink roses .
he took some marbles from the bowl , gluing them like seeds along the bud of a flower made of a broken mirror .
i helped her pull them free , exposing the springs underneath and there wedged between the frame of the pull out bed were those signature white ear buds , cord snaking down to something shiny .
she followed the scent into the pantry and found a blue block of cheese next to a dish of fresh wrinkly buds that brought back memories of a forgotten adventure .
any beautiful , flowering bud !
kai is my best bud since kindergarten .
she stared at her poster of thom yorke belting into a microphone from her bed and put her red ear buds in her ear to listen to her radiohead playlist .
pete had a couple of bud left , so he has a morning road pop in his crotch .
i exhale being stuck as watcher while my best buds and blossoms have finished their academic imprisonment duty for the afternoon .
oxbow smiles tossing around the vip important name at his buds being hungry too .
the best bud pair study , play and work together making their paring absolutely naturally when coupled with a pair of twin females of the same species for a perfect single day of two weddings .
you re very thoughtful again , my wickedly bud oxbow .
hey , these buds are bare feet .
i agree with my good bud furno womack nods .
you re underage , bud .
only cobwebs he sees in the dungeons , how many did you clean last week , bud ?
voxi and foxi lounge inside individual swings on the front porch with their best buds .
each swing rocks back and forth slowly as the boot toe pushes the beat of their best buds heart within the bright blazing external lamps around the windows .
i feel purrfectly kittenish , she giggles not desiring to move from her warm spot or her hot best bud .
nimtarts is tarns best bud so every eyeball knows his slick grin and arrogant strut .
whatwhat changed ya , bud ?
funner ai nt a vocabulary word , bud .
planets : chamme : eastern planet , one moon , and two dwarf stars detz , western planet , cold sea home of the octopus - like species fwtang : eastern planetoid and four moons and one dwarf star , home of princess teton garon : western planet , cool and humid home of the wolf - like species gesclide : western planet , ice and cold home of the rat - like species harrogate : western planet , warm and dry home of the zebra - like species koorskis : planet in the middle of intragalaxy , mild and mellow home of the golden beer and humans lavan : smallest stationary moon and closest to the eastern edge of the galaxy , home of aubie and duce mercian : western planet , one moon and closest to the sun , hot and humid home of dihe headquarters purpat , western planet , hot and humid home of the bee - like species the pit : dihe arena of competition fighting thurrock : western planet , warm and wet home of the sliders characters : apifo , bee - like species , four inches short , yellow skin aviion , bird - like species , eight inches short , curly dark red hair budi driver : person operates a body uniform defense implacement robot canini , wolf - like species , six feet tall , brown fur , sharp fangs dihe master : male dihe adult dihe mistress : female dihe adult dihe : supernatural being with white colored ejon on finger nails and toe nails feliux , cat - species , six feet tall , ebony skin and colored markings , a long tail first prime : female or male dihe teenager high dihe master : male dihe leader high dihe mistress : female dihe leader mustela , ferret - like species , white and tan fur , eight feet tall , smelly musky body odor noti : an isolated human clan of ejon touchers living on mercian pacderdom , elephant - like species , white curly hair and red tusk primeling : female or male dihe toddler rogentila , rat - like species , four feet tall with purple skin and pink welts of poison second prime : female or male dihe youngster singa , monkey - like species , seven feet tall , no tail , orange fur theria , zebra - like species , mane and tail , four hoofs , green hair , crooked kneecaps toucher : person holds the touch of ejon on finger nails and toe nails vilo : mysterious and unknown supernatural beings with colored ejon ( purple , blue , green , etc ) on finger nails and toes nails phrases : bato : weapon and tool of the dihe tribe best blossom : best friend of girl or girlfriend to a male best bud : bestest friend of boy or boyfriend to a female blossom : friend of girl bud : friend of boy budi : robot shaped like a human without skull and shoulders and chest cambeam : transmission of an image or data from a camtube or cammic cammic : telephone campad : computer camtube : television choker : hot dog cockshuts : quail coturn : pig cruncher : chocolate candy bar dack : darn doofur : dork doughies : donuts dust bannies : dust bunnies echino : star fish ejon : glowing fingernails and toenails of dihe and vilo fisser : soda hof : house jo - jo doll : toy doll of female toddler lumpie : potato chips mower : cow mu - mu chick : wingless song birds noob : fool noot : need to ejon it pacer : flies over land rover : rovers on land scooter : underwater body boat shives : money slider : snake spinner : outer space ship traveling from planet to planet tag : dihe physical and mental test of current prime rank toar : toad touch : supernatural power of ejon with glowing fingernails and toenails trawler : worms wane : cool coin of the realm part i by r.g .
planets : chamme : eastern planet , one moon , and two dwarf stars detz , western planet , cold sea home of the octopus - like species fwtang : eastern planetoid and four moons and one dwarf star , home of princess teton garon : western planet , cool and humid home of the wolf - like species gesclide : western planet , ice and cold home of the rat - like species harrogate : western planet , warm and dry home of the zebra - like species koorskis : planet in the middle of intragalaxy , mild and mellow home of the golden beer and humans lavan : smallest stationary moon and closest to the eastern edge of the galaxy , home of aubie and duce mercian : western planet , one moon and closest to the sun , hot and humid home of dihe headquarters purpat , western planet , hot and humid home of the bee - like species the pit : dihe arena of competition fighting thurrock : western planet , warm and wet home of the sliders characters : apifo , bee - like species , four inches short , yellow skin aviion , bird - like species , eight inches short , curly dark red hair budi driver : person operates a body uniform defense implacement robot canini , wolf - like species , six feet tall , brown fur , sharp fangs dihe master : male dihe adult dihe mistress : female dihe adult dihe : supernatural being with white colored ejon on finger nails and toe nails feliux , cat - species , six feet tall , ebony skin and colored markings , a long tail first prime : female or male dihe teenager high dihe master : male dihe leader high dihe mistress : female dihe leader mustela , ferret - like species , white and tan fur , eight feet tall , smelly musky body odor noti : an isolated human clan of ejon touchers living on mercian pacderdom , elephant - like species , white curly hair and red tusk primeling : female or male dihe toddler rogentila , rat - like species , four feet tall with purple skin and pink welts of poison second prime : female or male dihe youngster singa , monkey - like species , seven feet tall , no tail , orange fur theria , zebra - like species , mane and tail , four hoofs , green hair , crooked kneecaps toucher : person holds the touch of ejon on finger nails and toe nails vilo : mysterious and unknown supernatural beings with colored ejon ( purple , blue , green , etc ) on finger nails and toes nails phrases : bato : weapon and tool of the dihe tribe best blossom : best friend of girl or girlfriend to a male best bud : bestest friend of boy or boyfriend to a female blossom : friend of girl bud : friend of boy budi : robot shaped like a human without skull and shoulders and chest cambeam : transmission of an image or data from a camtube or cammic cammic : telephone campad : computer camtube : television choker : hot dog cockshuts : quail coturn : pig cruncher : chocolate candy bar dack : darn doofur : dork doughies : donuts dust bannies : dust bunnies echino : star fish ejon : glowing fingernails and toenails of dihe and vilo fisser : soda hof : house jo - jo doll : toy doll of female toddler lumpie : potato chips mower : cow mu - mu chick : wingless song birds noob : fool noot : need to ejon it pacer : flies over land rover : rovers on land scooter : underwater body boat shives : money slider : snake spinner : outer space ship traveling from planet to planet tag : dihe physical and mental test of current prime rank toar : toad touch : supernatural power of ejon with glowing fingernails and toenails trawler : worms wane : cool coin of the realm part i by r.g .
and drinking bud light .
whoa , whoa , you ve got to take it easy bud .
do nt worry bud .
despite the heat , jake was still wearing his jacket ; he pulled his ipod out of his pocket , held it up so ron could see , then put the ear buds in .
jakes hand rested on top of the doorframe , fingers drumming to a tune , though his ear buds dangled down the front of his shirt .
as usual , i push in my ear buds to avoid listening to lawyers ' ramblings while we drive .
the salty grease hit my tongue and made my taste buds go crazy .
just because my buds are n't here , does n't mean i ca n't squash you like an old car at the junkyard . ''
plucking the white bud of the flower , she looked at it sadly as it lay in the palm of her hand .
i came back and put three big buds in the tinfoil .
so is yours , bud .
his mind , i knew , would be jumping like a circus act bouncing back and forth between the feel of danas big boobs in his hands and the feel of rosemarys horn buds in his .
a small bud of joy was planted , hardened but growing and waiting until it was safe to come out .
and wil , i can see something in you , you have something special and it 's like a flower in bud .
eds team had been flown onto buds carrier in the arabian sea for helicopter insertion into iraq .
we rescued twelve - out of a crew of one hundred and twenty , bud answered .
this oatmeal tastes pretty darn good , even through her screwed - up taste buds that make everything taste metallic and leave a salty taste behind .
this caused dee yet more agony , whilst he taped two more cotton buds across the first two .
his mouth moved over her breasts , his tongue tantalizing the buds which had swollen to their fullest .
no bud . ''
here bud , drink and eat , he said .
eat up bud , bill said and tore open the package .
` ` none , bud .
with all eyes on the two blondes , the stench of flat buds and wild turkey invades my nostrils .
i d guess he has a couple hundred cases of beer , including some nice beers , like bud and these yuenglings you like , joe showed them the bottle he was drinking from .
he glanced around as if a hundred men in black suits with ear buds were about to burst through the door .
on the way out he grabbed his iphone and ear buds so he d have music as he worked out on the machinery .
how you doing , bud ?
tank , not today , bud .
what can we do for you , bud ?
they had raced through the boughs of the cherry tree , its branches laden with flowering buds of pretty pink blossom .
small buds showed green against the wood , all over that tangle of branches and twigs , and one or two had begun to unfold , to reveal their colour .
we should nip the bad behavior in the bud , before he gets any more territorial .
his eyes mellowed as he turned and carefully lifted the bud from the vase behind him .
then she remembered the tokonoma alcove in the teahouse where a rugged vase had held the single white bud , its few petals moist as though from dew .
you re real funny , man , she took ear buds and extended me one of the pair , and once more i was entirely baffled by her corporal language .
now i 'll let the cart take you out , but as you go out , i want you to see one last part of me , the part that corroborates with my mind , my heart , and in case you ask , it 's this way , because i ' m broken , beaten and scared , it 's not something i ' m proud of , but it 's something i live with , i thank you to everyone whose still on board , and has lived through this past decade of demons , and ill promise you , there 's more to come , and now for the last part of my tour , i hope you have your flashlight ... bye bye now ... learning curve i slid the second story window open , and walked out onto the roof , the tin creaked under my feet , my jeans gently blowing in the cool wind , i feel the air touch the skin on my chest , i walk toward the edge , and sat down , i stared into sky , at the stars , i lay there , for hours , thinking over everything that had happened in the last month , i pulled a cigarette from my pocket , and lit it up , i felt the air pull into my lungs , a forbidden taste , only used in times of deep thought , and that 's what this was , it seemed like the entire game had changed , with two simple things , a touch , and a tug , and suddenly everything was open , i took another drag , and the images file back into my head , of you leaving , of you waving , and in my head , i knew that soon enough , i 'd be digging into your head , earlier tonight , that 's exactly what i did , but the place i purged into , is n't one i go to often , and never wan na go again , i let the blood out of my veins , and began asking questions about your past , hoping for your honesty , but at the same time , hoping that i would n't learn anything , i saw the look on your face , as the questions grew tougher , and i knew , as things went on , i did n't want the answers , i was seeking , but before i finally told you good night , i saw the look on your face , one that told me everything i 'd learned tonight , were things that you did n't want to tell me , so i kissed you goodnight , and now i ' m here , on my roof , running details over in my head , in the morning , i feel that a phone calls needs to be placed , and maybe i 'll tell you goodbye , and i ' m not what you wanted , what you needed , what you expected , in the morning , i will tell you goodbye , for one final time , the doubt laid to rest , as the puff of the cancer stick , disappears into the air , as i step back through the window , letting the doubt and feelings , lay on the tin roof , behind me bombshell the concrete playground was deserted and the shot in his stomach left him hurting , he knew what must be done , coming this far left a hole , that made him feel so old , would the coming pain linger , like a high note from a singer , where had his life gone , unsure of where to go next , he had the gun in his hand as he looked up at the duplex , did they care where he 'd been , he thought not , it was then he forgot , that he was alone , and screamed into the darkness , he knew what he had done , the man did n't ask for it , had n't been the target , it was all a set - up , left to make him wish , that the ditch , was the place that he called home , he had n't signed up for this , but in the end , was n't this his wish , to end the suffering of a country , but not with a shot , the events played , like a bad home movie on a cheap screen * * * * * * * * he was in the crowd , his ear bud popped , that was his sign , that the coast was clear and it was time , he focused , took a deep breath and walked forward , for years he wondered what this meeting would be like , ever since he was that little tike , when he 'd been forgotten , and left alone by the father who never wanted him , he walked on through the crowd , scanning for problems , finding only people with faces , that screamed with joy , was n't that this man 's real gift , to make people feel good , what about your son daddy , what about the boy from the hood , the one you left behind , to chase a dream , he walked faster , not wanting to cause a scene , and before he knew it he was face to face , with his father , that left him behind all those years ago , he reached up , put one in either guard , then one in the man in the middle , such shitty security detail , for a such a powerful man , he took off running , through the downed crowd , stepping over people and taking care , he took off running , that 's when he felt the pain , the bullet pierced his stomach and he almost went down , but he was determined , to not let himself fall , he got out of the park by the skin of his teeth , that 's where he laid low , they hunted and hunted , and found nothing but empty ground , they had n't given up , hell no , who would give up the hunt , for the man who had just killed the president , or dictator , guess it depended on how you looked at it , they had expanded the search , began looking at hospitals , he was sure of that , being in the barracks for the years he had , taught him how they would look , as soon as the coast was clear he set off for the boss woman 's house , when he arrived they patched him up , and when he came to it was dark out , he looked around and she was sitting , in the corner of the room looking over him adoringly , hello sweetheart , he waited before talking , raising himself up on one elbow , hello mom .
he softly asked hey bud !
listen bud there are hookers and there are hookers .
this is the mtn mail box belonging to 0243 334 909 , please leave a message jay bud , its phil .
` ` what you doing there , bud ? ''
` ` of course not bud . ''
ca nt today , bud .
creeping phlox , bleeding hearts , and baskets of gold alyssums encircled the house as far as the eye could see , and wondrous pink , yellow , and red rose buds dotted each corner .
` ` we 'd just dropped bud off at work and were heading home .
she did just that , draining the rest of her bud light .
you and the cavalry can have a little contest jessica gave the headphone wires plenty of slack , then slipped the white ear buds down her white dress shirt .
she could just hear the faint sound leaking from the ear buds between her breasts .
most of the piano players in the late 40s and early 50s tried to sound like bud powell .
without waiting for a reply he pulled two fresh bottles of bud out of an old chest freezer full of ice and opened them up , plonking one each down on the bar in front of us .
he is ericas fianc and christians seal bud .
gabriel is also a navy seal , in fact chris seal bud .
softly , he sucks each tight bud and tenderly nibbles , feeling her heart clutch him tightly .
no more be grieved at that which thou has done : roses have thorns , and silver fountains mud : clouds and eclipses stain both the moon and sun , and loathsome canker lives in sweetest bud .
just nip that in the bud and , for years now , i 'd been okay .
crombie nipped that in the bud .
can i have a cheeseburger and a bottle of bud , please ?
but soon a bottle of ice - cold bud was placed in front of me and the first sip made me feel somewhat better , like the world was nt about to end any minute .
best buds , grub happily concurred .
hold up a minute , he added before rushing away when he noticed that another customer had pushed an empty bud light bottle across the bar and into the area sometime called the trench or the hole , instructing the bartender that another drink was being requested without actually speaking aloud .
he twisted the top off of a bud light .
she slipped an ear bud into her ear and listened to the secret service agents speak to each other about some womans amazing behind .
she passed ear buds and microphones to troy and matthew and checked to see if they could connect larry .
reluctantly , he removed the ear buds .
a hint of raspberry flavoring had washed over his tongue , and his taste buds and teeth reveled in delight .
he touched the purple bud and it bit his finger .
that is true , concludes the short , fat , black haired one , the guy who not only kept saying ta - tas instead of breasts but found a way to work it into nearly every sentence , as if he d been trying his entire life to get someone to laugh at that phrase just once , that s like bud , bud whatsisname , the baseball guy , the commissioner or whatever , how he insisted on being able to decide which names were leaked and which guys had to just pay fines when the whole steroid thing broke out .
i reached for the ear buds before remembering the gloves , so i smacked myself upside the head at the same time i knocked the buds out of my ears .
leonard sampson answered the door.he was wearing sweat pants and a tee shirt , and was holding a can of bud light.david could hear a baseball game playing loudly in the background.he gave the man his standard introduction and asked if he could have a moment of his time.youre from the fda ? ''
she wore deep blue jeans that made her red shoes bud as roses do in early spring .
i licked my lips , but my buds only detected the acidic bile from my purge .
ryan put two coasters in front of us and placed a bud light in front of lilly and tall glass filled with a rum and coke .
your bud , steve p.s .
her ear buds are ripped from her ears , and they , along with the ipod , go flying across the roughly paved lot .
thirty - one the last chapter danny skelton and his father whit sat at a picnic table in the shade of a mulberry tree , sipping cold bud from sweat - beaded brown bottles while they rehashed the highlights from their morning on the lake .
throwing rose buds at windows .
as he did so , jan looked down onto guido 's round face and rose bud lips , at the strands of straight , greasy black hair that hung across his forehead .
you know , water , bud ?
white wires leading to what looked like ear bud headphones in her ears .
she removes the ear bud headphone from the ear closest to jon without breaking her stride .
can you make that happen , bud ?
he took a big swig from the bud light bottle .
everybody else enjoyed a bud every now and then at the bar , but allen routinely looked to the bottom of a bottle for life 's answers .
one jack and coke , two bud selects , a g and t , one bond - style martini , and a bloody mary for table six .
you re going to miss your flight , bud .
we want to nip this in the bud before we are swamped with sickness .
she sipped her bud lite and glared at bobby .
it 's for all of you i ' m doing this , she thought , you , and mom and dad and uncle bud .
maybe especially uncle bud , lying in a grave in willamette cemetery out in oregon , with his name neatly engraved on that black wall just a few miles from where she sat .
but her father had talked about uncle bud a lot , and about how he regretted the gimpy knee that kept him from going with bud into the army .
but her father had talked about uncle bud a lot , and about how he regretted the gimpy knee that kept him from going with bud into the army .
what s the joke , bud ?
yep , joe another bud !
the tiny buds lapped the sunrays .
just like you beat the brains out of bud morrisons boy last year just because he was a fighting drunk ?
the sign above the sidewalk advertised bud and breasts , but much more was for sale behind the black windows .
` ` what 's wrong with bud ? ''
suddenly , a huge figure dressed in solid black with red , white , and black war paint smeared wickedly across his face jumped from the bushes , grabbed bud and yanked him off the porch .
` ` how 's bud ? ''
he told her about bud twitty , and mickey mouse ' , and the promise of more violence .
the ride was firm and there was some kind of a bud vase attached to the dash , loaded with a little pink bloom that was reviving steadily as the car got colder .
only a fool would try unlicensed debt - collecting in the wilds of texas in a bright yellow car with new york plates and a bud vase on the dash .
she blew straight through the sleeping crossroads hamlet once again and made the remaining sixty miles in forty - three minutes , which reacher figured was pretty good for a yellow four - cylinder import with a bud vase next to the steering wheel .
dark hair , green eyes , high cheekbones , a bud of a mouth , photographed with passion and expertise and printed by a master .
dark hair , green eyes , high cheekbones , a bud of a mouth .
when they passed the offering plate , he emptied his pockets.but brother bud needed more , so ronnie returned the next night with the rest of hismoney .
peterson : ` ` is n't it a fact you went out that door , went down that alley- '' ron : ` ` huh - uh , bud .
secretary of defense e. r. ` ` bud '' halliday took his meals at no fixed time of the day or night .
matthew lerner enjoyed certain privileges in the secretary 's company , not the least of which was to break bread with bud , as he was about to do this evening .
lerner knew the secretary meant it was going to take him away from the mission bud had sent him on in the first place .
the president , whose presence here was in no small part due to bud halliday , thought it fitting that the first person he speak with regarding his unqualified success was the defense secretary .
' five twenty - five , bud .
' but still '' ' containment , bud .
from what don hererra said it was also likely that boris karpov was there ; last month , he 'd told bourne he 'd just come back from timbuktu , in mali , and now bourne had seen the photos , had heard the tape of boris bartering a deal with bud halliday .
` ` imagine you in a world without bud halliday . ''
happy birthday , '' m. errol danziger said when he reached bud halliday by phone .
while you were overseas bud halliday tendered his resignation .
i have this recurring nightmare , '' defense secretary ervin reynolds ` ` bud '' halliday said .
oddly enough , the third sip revealed a hint of peach flavoring , as if the taste buds had to be shocked before they could work .
i drove down to kent one morning - on a rather personal matter - and when i returned late in the afternoon i noticed that the potted azaleas on the front steps had been disturbed , several new buds broken off , actually , as if struck by something .
it 's a potent liquor , and after the initial searing the taste buds are not as offended .
now he was sipping bud in a rusted swing with a member of the mississippi bar who 'd spent the day bickering over custody and alimony .
in the excellent light over the back door , my patio with its high privacy fence looked swept and clean , the rose trees in their big tubs just coming into bud .
` ` some vampire movie , '' dave said , his eyes on the screen as he raised the bud to his lips .
while they were gone , we walked across the street to the liquor store and filled their order five cases of bud , two liters of vodka , some oj , some gin .
he turned back to us as we sat and placed two bottles of bud in front of us .
because the state took rape so seriously , he was given two years , less time than he 'd done in ' 91 for snorting a couple of lines of sacramento blow and chugging a six of bud .
that brought another gasp from her , and she shifted her hands to his head to hold on as he drew the bud into his mouth and laved it lovingly .
sam immediately groaned into his mouth and arched , pushing the tiny buds into his touch .
he ran them up her back , down her arms , and then up her stomach so that they rode right up to crest her br**sts , and then closed them there , briefly squeezing the small buds and teasing her n**ples .
` ` i mean when i do this ... '' decker bent his head to catch her nipple between his lips , his teeth scraping over the bud and making dani close her eyes as a sleepy shiver of excitement reawakened within her , and then he lifted his head , releasing the nubbin , and growled , ` ` i experience your pleasure as my own .
` ` harper , '' she growled in warning , but froze as one of his hands suddenly slid down again , this time slipping inside her panties and between her legs to dip unerringly between her folds to find the bud hidden there .
would you like a lift , little lavender bud ? ''
all the while his mouth stayed busy , lapping at the tight bud of her nipple .
nicolas ran his tongue over her folds , lapping at the moisture there , then straightened his tongue , stabbed deep and used his teeth to rake at the little sensitive bud peaking at him .
he stabbed at her sensitive bud with his stiff tongue , flicking and teasing before using the edge of his teeth .
his hips took a long , slow , leisurely stroke , going deep and hard , pressing down on her sensitive bud so that as he raked over her , she shuddered with pleasure and arched into him .
her body arched as he blew warm air over the tightening buds .
then he raised his shoulders up off the floor so he could take one of those exquisite buds into his mouth .
shuddered on an indrawn cry as he began to suckle the tight bud of her sex , kissing her with the same slow , sensual attention he 'd lavished on her mouth .
eric northman , my boyfriend and the vampire sheriff of area five , which included bon temps , came through the door so quickly that when bud and truman realized he was there , they jumped , and i thought bud was going to draw his weapon .
` ` honey , bud and truman are in charge here , and they have their rules to follow .
` ` i flew , '' eric said casually , and bud and truman gave each other a wide - eyed look .
while sam was getting his hand treated and truman was taking pictures of what remained of the bottle , bud asked me what i 'd seen .
bud asked me the same thing several times in several different ways , but i could n't help him any more than i already had .
eric had been busy on his cell phone while i was talking to bud , and i was n't totally surprised to see a car parked in front of my house .
i did n't want to talk to bud anymore .
and bud had only spoken the truth .
he stared at that sweet pink bud peaking at the swell of her soft , pale flesh .
` ` everything was very good , '' she said , her taste buds still tingling from the peppers and spices and fresh , savory flavors .
the bud at her apex was sensitive - working his tongue over it made her s '' ueeze her breasts more urgently , made her moans louder .
he licked her slowly , suckling her , drawing the tender bud against the wet heat of his tongue .
there was just something about the sweet , nutty aroma that made my taste buds do happy little handsprings .
light twinkled tantalizingly in the darkness , and the scent of barbecuing meat touched the air , making my taste buds water and my stomach rumble .
his boutonniere was a tiny black bud rose , and i wondered if he had grown it himself .
he circled the hard bud with the tip of his finger .
his muscles taut , he bent his head and flicked his tongue over the little bud .
he groaned to find that little bud so firm and sensitive .
her nipples were hard little buds , straining against the fabric with each rise of her breath .
as though he knew the direction of her thoughts , dante flicked his tongue over one of the tight buds .
he teased the little bud between his fingers , tugging it gently and nearly growling with need as it puckered into a tight bead , hardening at his touch .
her nipples pinched tight as he stroked them , little buds just begging to be suckled .
i removed the cotton buds from my ears and nose and took a firm grip on my knife .
becky tried to envelop the flowers in her unbuttoned paisley cardigan , but her sweater was too small and a few buds peeked out from her neckline .
he brushed his thumb over one pebbled bud , his breath catching in the back of his throat as she arched into him uninhibited , the blood fever from her feeding making her know no shame .
dylan writhed as he caressed her , his fingers teasing her nipples into hard , aching buds while his tongue played along the seam of her mouth .
he swirled his tongue around the tight bud at the same moment he swept his fingers under the damp satin of her thong .
he drew her nipple into his mouth , rolling the sensitive bud against the back of his teeth , as his fingers stroked along the folds of her p**sy .
for a second , i felt a thrill of possibility and the nascent bud of happiness .
he held out a tanned fist , turned it over , and opened his hand to reveal a camel ia blossom , waxy and white , closed his hand , then opened it again to reveal a tightly furled bud .
when he bent down to close his mouth over one of her tight buds , she said , ` ` what are you - ` ` he suckled her through her shirt , and her words died in her throat , replaced by a moan .
as he worked it against the swollen bud , she went boneless , her eyes sliding shut .
they were n't the best buds they used to be , but matt and trevor acknowledged each other .
he suckled her , careful not to graze her with the sharp points of his fangs as he tugged the tight little bud deeper into his mouth , rolling it with his tongue and reveling in her breathless gasps of pleasure .
he reached down to grasp himself , rubbing his hard flesh against her softness , using the broad tip of his penis to stroke the tight little bud of her clit .
my jacket is balled up on the bench beside me and ear buds are stuffed into my ears .
` ` i 'll take bud back , '' thea said .
or she and eric would adopt a puppy like bud and write a book together to help people understand their dogs .
he teased the diamond - hard bud as he caressed her .
he dipped his head down and lavished her with his tongue , suckling the tight little buds and growling with pleasure as she moaned and sighed above him .
she was still panting , still holding onto his shoulders as he slowly caressed her sex , and bent to kiss the tight little buds of her nipples .
after five years of a blood - only diet , this sweet , savory explosion in her mouth made every taste bud stand up , then do somersaults across her tongue .
when he let her nipple slip from his mouth and blew on the now - damp bud , she moaned and shifted beneath him , her back arching to invite him back .
` ` hi , '' she said to him , as gabriella took luke 's hand and led him off to show him the fresh buds on the tea roses next to the gazebo .
he curled his arm around her waist as she began to climax , pulling her down with one arm as he found her clit with his thumb , held her slightly off of him and used his hips to piston into her , holding her immobile as he worked her , in and out , his thumb working that tiny bud of flesh .
when he felt the little bud swell , he dipped his finger to her opening , just inside her core , stirring her .
when his tongue flicked back and forth against the pearled bud , her hand tangled in his hair , holding his head in place .
what a foolish rule to keep you from taking just a bud !
` ` my darling chamomile bud , we can but hope . ''
` ` or maybe tiny 's your life mate and your taste buds , along with your libido , have come back to life like decker 's did , '' stephanie said dryly .
by the time he brushed his thumb across her nipple , it had hardened into a tight bud .
the bud unfurled into a large , beautiful blossom .
i reach down and brush a leaf off one poor little bud .
my best bud , acheron , once explained it to me like this .
is that dying , for a young man to grow into a man in his prime , for a beautiful young bud of a woman to become the full blossom ? ''
when i touched it as well , i could feel the soft buds of new leaves fuzzy against my chilled palms .
her laugh turned into a gasp as he leaned forward and drew a taut bud into his mouth , sucking , nipping , and stroking it with his tongue .
his hands were everywhere on my body , even as his head dipped lower and his mouth latched onto one of my ni**les , scraping the taut bud with his teeth until i groaned with pleasure .
my hands trailed over his chest , pausing near his ni**les , which were rigid due to his wet clothes - or because he knew how those tight buds practically screamed to be touched .
i asked , tracing my finger over the tight bud of his nipple .
there must have been three dozen flowers , each one a perfect , blood red bud .
megan plucked a bud from the vase , then sat down on the end of the sofa .
megan had just finished breakfast when a delivery man arrived with a single , perfect red rose in a smoked crystal bud vase .
this time , the flavor of the slightly sweet bun , mixed with the cheesy beef patty and the tangy zest of ketchup , had her taste buds applauding .
the spicy sauce along with the gooey cheese made her taste buds jump up and down .
her ni**les , now tight buds , called to him .
he 's like a little flower bud that just wo n't open up , and to be perfectly frank - with what he 's seen , i do n't know if he ever will . '
it being summer , the zinnias are doing well , the hollyhocks about shoulder high - i ' m trying for the look of an english country garden , do n't ya know - and the roses are putting forth brilliant red buds .
i lay on my bed , plugging in the ear buds to my ipod , and turned up the volume so my mind was too preoccupied with the music to think .
that part of me wanted to sabotage the fragile bud beginning to bloom between us .
` ` ohhh dale , baby , please do n't stop ... '' i gasped , spreading my thighs for his fingers , rubbing that sweet , hooded bud of flesh again and again .
during our initial exploration we came into what must have been the master bedroom - an enormous room , with the half- collapsed beams of a four - poster bed still standing in the middle of it - and looked up into the gloom , and saw dozens and dozens of dark , silent shapes massed along the wooden beams , like horrible black buds dangling along a flower stem , ready to drop .
chapter twenty - six ` ` here is the deepest secret nobody knows ( here is the root of the root and the bud of the bud and the sky of the sky of a tree called life ; which grows higher than the soul can hope or mind can hide ) and this is the wonder that 's keeping the stars apart i carry your heart ( i carry it in my heart ) '' -from ` ` i carry your heart with me , '' a poem by e. e. cummings , banned , listed in the comprehensive compilation of dangerous words and ideas , when i wake up again it 's because someone is repeating my name .
in my mind , even though i knew it was wrong , it was me lying on the bed , me crushed under his weight , me whose n**ples his mouth was slathering , hard buds shining in the dim light ... .
connor 's face was pressed hard against me , his tongue insistent , working faster and faster at my throbbing bud .
she stuck her chin out and i knew i had to nip this in the bud fast .
` ` it goes in your ear and- '' but before he could finish , macey rolled her eyes and placed the bud in her ear .
mom appeared sometime later , and i tugged out the buds , hoping we were n't going to have another sex conversation .
he turned and pulled out another bud and waved it under spencer 's nostrils .
they 're both nursing bud lights .
instead of dr . clayton , i 'd been having sessions with the director of the place , a kind of tough - love guru named bud austin .
so i googled dr . clayton and then bud ` ` sheriff '' austin , and found nothing .
but we may choose to unremember your flavor if the royal taste buds tire of chocolate . ''
he rubbed the glans over her clit , and they both cried out when he pressed the tiny hole of his penis against her clit , coating it with his pre - come , f**king his penis with her sensitive little bud .
still early morning , a fog blanketed the sunflower fields with golden buds just lifting their faces toward the rising sun .
lucia had twisted her long , pale hair into a french twist , and placed tiny pink rose buds into the style .
she plugged the ear buds into the ipod and handed me the left bud and i placed it into my ear and she did the same with the right .
the inside of her wrist was tattooed with a single red rose bud , and on the back of her iphone was a sticker that said swan lake mafia .
` ` if by the ' library , ' you mean the graveyard , '' she said , plugging ear buds into place , ` ` then yes , i ' m going to the library . ''
but now argent has a new bud .
` ` sounds good bud , i 'll give you or jeff a ring later on . ''
the bud of panic withered .
bright buds of whole - grain mustard in the potato salad .
nedwin handed out orchid buds .
he plucked a closed bud from a stem and squeezed the tightly sealed petals .
jasher plucked a few extra buds .
kian had counseled me to say i needed time to think , but if i did n't nip this in the bud , it would only get tougher to say no later .
again with the eye - roll , but the kid uncorked her ears and let the buds dangle around her neck .
i wondered if the cigar was still there and whether we 'd add trip to our annual visits , dropping off a bud light or a new football when we came .
plugging them into my player , i put one bud in my right ear and one bud in her left ear .
plugging them into my player , i put one bud in my right ear and one bud in her left ear .
april days in henrietta were quite often fair , tender things , coaxing sleeping trees to bud and love - mad ladybugs to beat against windowpanes .
he looked back down at me and then at the bud in my hands .
i thrust the bud out toward him , cupping it in both hands .
and then , bursting from the hole the iron had made , a new , green bud surged forth , unfolding into a delicate leaf .
how could he tell , bud ?
i tell you something , bud .
leathernecks ear bud crackled and a familiar voice announced , coming up .
he tapped his ear bud once and werecat could hear him talking to lieutenant graves .
he was instrumental in preventing the crash of an airplane carrying a scar team that included brothers bud and forrest and their sister olive marie as they were on their way to an archeological site in mexico .
especially i thank you for my grandchildren bud , forrest and olive marie who were on that flight .
born july 14 , 1984 , a year before brothers lou and bud and sister gabrielle .
is it conceivable , just barely conceivable i can prevent bud from getting killed in the southwest asian war ?
buddy ( bud ) edward scarburg and his brother dr . louis ( lou ) edward scarburg served as scar regional directors .
amazed is not nearly a powerful enough word to describe the two sitting on the sofa taking in this entirely magical world , but he also showed them pictures of the devastation of the aftermaths of the numerous wars , the people dying of starvation and even a picture of grandson buds tombstone in the unkempt arlington national cemetery that had been overgrown with vines and weeds .
the time wa ... wa ... was ... the time was ... well the time was just perfect ... . chapter twenty - one the mission captain scarburg literally ran across the room , threw his arms around bud and squeezed him so hard they heard bud grunt , easy grandpa !
forrest sat at the table watching the heartfelt exchange ; he could not understand why captain scarburg was so excited at seeing bud .
this death certificate has buds name on it - buddy edward scarburg .
before krista could respond , bud shouted , grandpa , this purple heart in the picture has my name engraved on its back .
i do nt see bud !
it ca nt be , grandpa , bud is not in the picture .
you , unfortunately , were one of the casualties bud .
i bought into the whiteboard changey thing , and i was blown away with the props concerning the armys award of the purple heart and bud playing the missing man game and all that other stuff from the brown envelope .
even that last picture with buds empty chair between lou and olive marie was ingenious , still ca nt figure out how you pulled it off , but it was real good .
listen up lj , rocky , lou and bud this will be your flight .
i do nt know bud ... for now lets just plan on getting our car , drive out to his rooming house , at 1026 north beckley avenue , over in oak cliff and check out the situation .
at this announcement , sam lin , si lei , bud and lou emerged from the room where they had been waiting and walked to the loading platform and stopped .
asked bud turning to check on lou and lj .
trying to act as though they were city employees , they slide the gate open , bud ?
a few vehicles down from the 56 chevy bud and lou had selected a 1949 ford .
as the old 1949 ford sat there with its motor humming , lou , grinning , turned to bud , you got anything to say mr . who - would - carry - cables - in - their - trunk know - it - all ?
back into their car lou was behind the steering wheel , okay bud , which way to oswalds rooming house ?
rocky , follow bud and lou until we come to commerce .
he explained that his name was bud scarburg , and lou was his brother .
lou surveyed the bleak surroundings as bud walked over and sat down on the iron framed , twin bed .
please tell , let me in on it bud .
i do nt know lou , thinking for a second bud answered , i know ... talk about the weather ... sports ... no , forget sports ...
wait a minute bud , everything we have read said oswald returned to his rooming house after shooting president kennedy to get his jacket and his pistol .
good bud , a fine idea , a lot better than mine .
he just had one question for bud .
good idea bud , which station do you want ?
reluctantly , yes - you are right bud .
what s on tv tonight bud ?
he and rocky had just finished breakfast and were preparing to make their way to rendezvous with lou and bud at dealy plaza .
it was almost eight - thirty as bud and lou drive the couple of miles back into downtown dallas to the steven austin hotel .
forty - five minutes after arriving bud and lou were joined in the stephen austin hotel parking lot by lonnie joe and rocky .
lonnie joe and rocky parked alongside bud and lou .
hanging up the phone , he turned and remarked to bud , you are not going to believe this ... captain scarburg , forrest and olive marie , are parked on the north side of the dal - tex building on the corner of north houston and ross avenue .
lou and bud mingled with the parade crowd outside on the steps leading into the building .
lee harvey oswald left the texas school book depository and inadvertently bumps into bud and lou .
while lonnie joe and rocky sat waiting for oswald to make his appearance at the bus station a startling development was beginning to take place back at the tsbd , bud and lou had followed lonnie joe back to their cars at the austin hotel .
realizing lou had suffered traumatically watching the brutal murder bud tried to comfort him , i m sorry ... lou what am i thinking ... you re right ... we both have never witnessed anything as horrible as this ... mur ... mur ... uh ... thing that just unfolded before us , and yes it bothered me ... it bothered me a great deal .
if he were worried , he did nt act like it , but he did call bud and lou .
captain scarburg , driving behind forrest , knew he had not spoken the truth to bud he was worried , real worried .
in the main parking lot they parked next to one another to await lonnie joe , rocky , lou and bud to arrive ; within the hour lonnie and rocky rolled in .
forrest made some comment about a watched pot never boiling , but despite their constant vigilance bud and lou never arrived .
the police cars were narrowing the gap between themselves and bud and lou until they were practically on the stolen 1954 ford municipal car .
the police cars pulled over into the left passing lane and one by one they blasted by like three bats out of hades without even the hint of noticing bud and lou .
sadly , they waited in vain - bud and lou never showed up .
he told clem and penelope about his other grandsons bud and lou who had preceded him to dallas .
the captain again emphasized how worried he was about bud and lou .
he explained they would have to leave whether bud and lou arrived or not .
we answered a lot of the unknowns connected with the kennedy assassination , but of crucial importance now i have to know what happened to bud and lou .
instead of the boots of a uniformed policeman , out stepped bud , and from the other side lou , both grinning from ear to ear .
plenty of time to explain , but like i ve always said , remarked bud laughing , an inch is good as a mile , or in this case , i guess its a minute is as good as .. as .. oh , i do nt know ... good as a ticket on the pegasus express i suppose .
yeah , i got it at the boarding house before bud and i left to go to dealy plaza .
the last instruction was to bud and lou : keep a sharp lookout through the porthole and open the hatch when you see us return , and look after your sister , said the captain .
bud annoyingly answered , no olive , we have nt either , but it is too dangerous to go outside pegasus bud , please just let me go outside , and get some snow , and we will melt that .
bud annoyingly answered , no olive , we have nt either , but it is too dangerous to go outside pegasus bud , please just let me go outside , and get some snow , and we will melt that .
the door hissed as it opened and the air escaped from the inside of pegasus as bud , lou and olive marie huddled close to the opening ready to scurry down the ladder to the ground .
looking at bud with surprise , what ?
shutting the hatch , bud looked at olive marie with disappointment , i m sorry sis , maybe grandpa will bring some water back .
as the hatch came open bud and lou could see off in the distance toward the pond a group of people walking toward them .
scurrying down the ladder bud and lou hurried to greet the returned group .
i am soobe tamu , said the interpreter bowing to bud and lou .
at buds announcement everyones attention in the room was transfixed on his every word , especially olive marie .
what is its meaning bud ?
lou and bud , at the scene of the tippit murder , validated oswald did not murder the police officer .
there had even been mutterings that i might be a fifth columnist , but nelson , bless his heart , nipped that in the bud straight away .
his really , really close buds simply call him big s. big s ?
what s going on , bud ?
casually , then , as if to convey a lack of regard or concern , he flicked his blade closed and into an inner pocket in his coat , put his ear buds in ears and turned his back on steven , walking away down the hall behind hodge .
well i can tell you without any doubt whatsoeverwe ai nt never gon na be best buds .
hooded men appeared and gathered all the golden buds then vanished in the thin air .
the bud glimmered with its luminous hue .
sofia repeated what he had said and the nearly - opened bud shut its petals back .
but it turned out he was already at larry 's , buying a six pack of piss - warm bud light when the page went out .
we all know spinach is good for us but our taste buds do nt like spinach .
stryker went looking for bud to bring him up to speed on what was going on with candace .
candace and bud talked for a long time , with candace asking many questions .
a couple of times , both candace and bud broke down and cried .
now was time for bud to help candace through the initial shock and allow time for healing ?
asked bud .
talk with bud why he has reservations about leo .
even though he had a small army in chicago to protect her , he was candace and buds best chance to come out of this alive .
solomon , stop with the mr . austin and call me bud !
they all waited while bud said a prayer over the food .
stryker continued eating , not making eye contact with either bud or candace .
if the scalizi family found out about what candace knew or what she was doing , it would place both bud and candace in extreme danger .
if they find out she has that information , her and bud are both dead .
if we do not , the scalizis will hunt for you and bud , one - way or another !
we have to eliminate them as a threat to you and bud .
that is when bud and stryker came into the room .
candace as well as stryker could tell that leo was not buying it completely , but when he put his arm in candaces arm and led her toward the kitchen , stryker was able to maintain a conversation with bud .
stryker could see both bud and candace stiffen up , but he did not do anything to shake stryker .
candace and bud looked at each other .
he told josh to maintain a tight perimeter around buds home .
he looked at bud and candace and said he had a meeting to go to and that he would see them later .
homeland security as well as the fbi was interviewing candace and bud .
as candace , bud and stryker headed towards the camaro , stryker stopped and looked at andy and said , you know andy , i heard two bullet shots before you came through the window .
candace and bud had already dozed off .
you need to get candace and bud to tennessee .
the authorities cleared stryker , candace , and bud from any responsibility .
stryker looked at a very weary candace and bud , i think we will go home and get some sleep that is what we will do !
he then helped bud load his luggage into the trunk as well as his own .
things were quiet during dinner , and afterwards , i took two buds up topside to watch the clouds scudding past the stars , and try to extend my game plan .
thanks bud !
he said as he handed her the most beautiful vase of rose buds she had ever seen .
orange rose buds ?
it puzzled me because i knew you had the urge to purchase at least one , so i did it for you ; six buds , meaning six days of good luck .
on the drive over to her friends home , she reflected on the handsome gentleman who appeared at her door with the rose buds .
she noticed immediately that she had a cut on her thumb and realized most likely pricked it with one of the rose bud stems .
tessie flipped around and said , yes , he s that man i told you about who brought me flowersyou knowthose rose buds .
when she opened the door she saw dennis standing on her porch with red rose buds in his hand .
with his good eyesight and vivid imagination , brad was sure he could see its buds were starting to swell .
and i never saw you with her or with bud .
brad did n't know bud very well and it had been quite a while since he had seen him .
unlike his daughters bud had blue eyes and light brown hair .
as they approached the table brad realized that it was a rugged shooting bench and bud had also built a rifle range against the hill .
` ` i ' m at the bench , dad '' brad followed bud along a narrow trail through the head high brush .
her sister graduated from here and ginny started here last year when she came to live with bud and yoshi .
` ` there was too much residue left over from elinor going to school here and then when ginny moved in with bud and yoshi it put the same stigma on her .
he was trying to help his hung - out - to - dry bud , and i could see the gratitude in evan 's eyes .
when that happened , he d pop in ear buds or turn the set up higher , but not so loud as to infuriate the yuppies and their baby just one floor up .
kylena looked drawn and tired as they drove back to bud and maureen schwalbe 's place , the friends who were looking after the girls .
bingo from now on their names will be bud ( sam ) and lou ( si lei ) .
and third - find us a way back to the good ol u.s.a . oh yeah , one last requirement to join our team nicknames sam yours is bud and si lei you will be lou , do nt ask us why , that s just what we came up with , sarge said laughing .
si lei , i m sorry ... lou and i really can provide you with a tremendous amount of help from the inside , '' sadly answered bud .
please pause between bites of food to give your taste buds time to enjoy the delicious feast .
worse still , she might write vilifying letters to the canada council and every publisher she knows , nipping in the bud any hopes i might have had to forge my own literary career .
uh , you all right , bud ?
whoa , sorry , bud !
at least his secret only belonged to two people okay , three maybe more , if the puppetmaster had other , trusted associates dr . socks bud of confidence waned , and he decided to think about something else .
more money , more money -- got ta get my best bud some money ... said jack .
all he could find were glowing buds of power that drifted here and there like the island they stood on .
poor little bud , what a blossom she would have been .
bourbon or rum or something that my taste buds had forgotten how to classify precisely .
i focused on the tiny rose bud folded in on its self .
to my amazement the bud slowly opened each pedal , one by one until it was fully exposed .
queen of the black coast by robert e howard i : conan joins the pirates believe green buds awaken in the spring , that autumn paints the leaves with somber fire ; believe i held my heart inviolate to lavish on one man my hot desire .
there was a desk and a chair , with beautiful carvings of rose buds .
i stared down at him as i buttoned up , feeling a tiny smile bud at his absolute contentment .
when the sun struck the wood of the staff the tiny buds on it unfurled into small leaves and he could feel the staff concentrating the energy of the sun .
amira only slowed at this , and when he stopped she doubled her speed , sliding one hand between them to massage her little bud .
newsflash bud , they do nt work on me either , '' i muttered as i turned toward kennan .
it looked like the bud of a rose , made of what appeared to be hammered bronze .
` ` hello captain , this is bud murdock , denver pathological institute .
tiny rainbow buds and white lilies plaited together into the shape of runes : prosperity , luck , joy and ... the last one could nt be right .
korsten stared at the lush , crimson buds before him for several minutes , before slowly reaching out for one of them .
ashwin stopped at a specific group of lilies and let his fingers caress multiple buds .
one day , when anne came to work and saw his wheelchair folded up in the hallway , she knew bud was gone forever .
beautiful trees - bud out in late spring , stay in bloom pretty much all summer . ''
you need to nip this in the bud , geld .
you drink bud ?
the years passed and this whimsical bud had blossomed into a fanciful maiden who still kept her secret trysts with her sister of fairykind , but had learned the wisdom of keeping silence upon the matter with those of mortal race .
he laid a small pattern that formed a flaming rose bud .
she pulled out her phone and put some ear buds in her ears to listen to music but she kept her music volume low enough to hear anything nearby .
the taste wrapped itself around kahiras taste buds , bursting into hundreds of delightful flavors .
taking his bud of a bride by the hand the children ran past the village to a great round pond on which a neat little island in the shape of a sickle , like the waxing moon in a sky of liquid blue , lay nestled .
her skin like a babes , her mouth like a bud , her cheek , a hint of peach , and askance , she saw purity looking at her curiously .
purity reached out and touched her face , lifted up her sweet childs chin , and stroked the bud bursting to bloom .
` ` listen bud , there 's enough good in you to fill a zillion sock drawers . ''
offering : scents of red blood of buds .
ill take a bud and champagne for my sexy bunny well keep a bottle chilled for herlyle , you want anything ?
charlie i will keep watch on the door ok bud ?
when he opened them , the shict hung limp in the abysmyth 's grasp , her breathing shallow , buds of red beginning to blossom inside her ears .
lunch was a sandwich and a can of coke in a town called red bud .
suddenly one of the tightly closed buds began to quiver and tremble .
` ` we should nip this in the bud , '' i said .
some had marvellous birds painted on them , or mountain scenes , or sprays of foliage , every leaf and bud done in exquisite detail with just a couple of brush strokes .
' but these cloves ... ' carrot prodded the little bud .
but with every lash of his tongue on the little bud of her nerves , every pluck with his lips , she fell deeper into the abyss of desire .
lucan uncoiled the whip again and wrapped it around her hips , sawing it gently back and forth over her skin , nudging the slick folds of her sex and the little bud in between .
then he added his tongue to the mix , laving the little bud , sucking it into his mouth , swirling around until her entire body shook .
she cried out as he toyed with her swollen bud again .
` ` ad cracked open a bud .
` ` i 'll watch your bud . ''
then he attached a small wireless mic to my leather jacket collar , tested the sound quickly with his ear buds , and we were ready .
a magnificent white bud just beginning to open .
delicately pinching the stem of the bud through the fabric of my sleeve , i move slowly around the corner and find him sitting on a stool against the wall .
i hold up the white bud in answer and then stumble past her .
it sprouted a bud , which exploded into luxuriant color .
she has no buds yet to return to , and the chamber will ease the difficulty of her first recovery .
the bartender looked up from polishing a tray of bud glasses .
before i could shake my head or take the next breath , his free hand slipped between our bodies and his thumb brushed across the tightened bud .
my breath caught in my throat as his tongue flicked over the rosy bud .
then his head dipped , his teeth catching a rosy bud as he drove into me again .
flicked the tight bud with his tongue .
he felt her hard little bud swell and begin to pulse on his tongue ... and he pulled back .
as he trembled and felt a haze of need shut down his brain , he realized that grasping for self - control was a waste of time ... ` ` need more now , '' he growled , then devoured her again , sucking the little swollen bud into his mouth and teasing it with his tongue .
the little bud turned hard .
take me now , '' she gasped as he caressed the hard bud of her cl*t with a pair of fingers .
` ` nothin ' personal , bud .
` ` joe ... you okay bud ? ''
draped over her back , caden worked the delicate bud of nerves .
her legs fell farther apart , giving him more room to explore the damp , delicate tissues , the tight little bud he 'd later like to spend an hour licking and sucking until she screamed or begged him to stop .
to show her just how intent he was on not stopping , he leaned forward and closed his lips around her bud .
the sound hung between them as he manipulated the sensitive bud , then squeezed .
she tensed as he swiped his tongue over the needy bud again .
she sniffed at the buds and then shoved them back onto sean 's chest .
but it felt to her that they should have started to bud .
like letting soldiers trample spring buds , is n't it ? ''
his tears fell on the top of her head and he kissed them away till she turned her face upward and he kissed the soft , white skin of her forehead , her cheek , her chin , her upturned nose and then the pink bud of her lips .
he squinted , recognized someone was speaking to him , and swiftly removed his ear buds .
at first , he teased her , a tiny lick at the bud , then another , bolder taste .
still suckling her breast , he parted the rosy petals and rubbed his thumb over her swollen bud , pushing down on it , kneading it , flicking it back and forth until her head thrashed on the bed and her heels drove into the mattress and frenzied little moans burst from her lips .
he bent his head , parted her with his thumbs , and touched the tip of his tongue to the quivering bud ... and as he kissed and slowly licked her with long , torturous tongue strokes in that most intimate of places , and she began to sob and spasm , his gaze lifted , drifting over her stomach , her rising and falling breasts and toward the door , where the subtlest of movements had caught his eye .
she took the clippers from her basket and plucked several tight buds of the palest pink .
she had directed the pulse at the point of her own ecstasy , guiding the warm seed exactly as she wanted , against her own hard bud .
minarets will rise at each corner , calling all india to prayer , and its dome will be a cupola with the subtle , sensuous curve of a ripening bud .
she leaned closer , not to clasp him but to thrust her breasts against him , wordlessly telling him to touch the hard buds of her nipples .
her chin was tilted high , but there was a bud of a smile on her lips as she replied , ` ` i can see nothing , but i hear a jackass braying in the dark . ''
the maid would leave her service on a tray along with a white rose in a crystal bud vase and the front page , society and entertainment sections of the sunday times .
brushing away the bud of a tear , she turned and forged onward .
with hardly a sound , the bird flew up to a higher bough , as angelina leapt and was able to grab the dangling ear buds , which promptly disconnected and came falling back down .
kindle ebook isbn : 978 - 0 - 9857971 - 1 - 9 smashwords ebook isbn : 978 - 0 - 9857971 - 2 - 6 also by kittie howard : remy broussards christmas kindle ebook isbn : 978 - 0 - 578 - 09623 - 0 smashwords ebook isbn : 978 - 0 - 9857971 - 0 - 2 table of contents dedication historical references da lingua franca glossary of cajun french words chapter one : dandelion chapter two : gardenia bush chapter three : petunias chapter four : magnolia tree chapter five : st . augustine grass chapter six : oak tree chapter seven : lilies chapter eight : rose bud chapter nine : pine trees chapter ten : marigolds authors comments acknowledgments about the author i dedicate rings of trust to my grandfather , a soft - spoken , spiritual man who helped build the panama canal to earn the money to purchase the louisiana land he turned into a farm .
he bumped into the coffee table but grabbed the bud vase before it toppled over .
after walking over to the coffee table , madeleine knelt down and stared at the bud vase .
as she turned the slender glass vase , the rose bud swiveled around .
madeleine batted her thick lashes at remy and re - focused on the white rose bud .
he yells at his bud after his third air ballare simply out of gas .
you 'll probably not be satisfied with anything less than my laying bare the buds of this young and delicate love affair , that my enjoy a life span amounting to less time than the setting of today 's sun . ''
i see my standing in greece in grave danger , unless this revolt is nipped in the bud .
though still early in the spring , the warmer weather coaxed the hardiest of trees to bud .
it had chunks of smoked pork and was quiet good once his taste buds became accustomed to the high amount of salt .
buds of moss roses with lily of the valley .
muffled yaps made their way around luke 's ear buds to thump on his eardrums , disturbing his newly wakened freshness .
little lucy 's shriek pierced straight through luke 's ear buds and stabbed his eardrums .
` ` yeah , bud ?
something wrong bud ?
time of their lives , the directed by charles barton written by val burton , walter deleon , john grant , bradford ropes tagline something new from bud and lou !
before there was a scary movie franchise , there was hysterical hysterical parodies films such as the amityville horror , and yes , there is singing , dancing and bud cort .
a teenager with ear buds in , his head bobbing to music , jogged across the street , his eyes turned to look for traffic , and plowed right into her .
he entered the bedroom and found amy , eyes closed , listening to music through a pair of ear bud headphones .
she was surprised to find that he held the bud of a single white rose in his hands ; its petals as delicate and fresh as if it had just been pulled from its stem .
you need to run this motor , bud .
she shifted , wordlessly trying to tell him what she craved when he started grinding his palm against her bud , fingers delving inside her , pumping in and out while his palm kept pulsing against her .
he tapped her bud ; sending fissions of pleasure through her , her body vibrating with need .
his hand stroked down her stomach , searching , finding her bud , stroking , circling , tapping out a rhythm as he pounded into her .
the pressure built as he flicked his tongue against her bud , she shattered again in pleasure , her thighs tight against his head .
having downed a six - pack of bud behind the ferrys office , the fisherman was sailing a ragged course along the empty pier when something big with three inch claws hit him hard .
micah took the stairs down into the kitchen , quickly grabbing him a bud light and herself a bottled rum cocktail , and then ran back up the stairs , ignoring the rising feeling of suffocation she felt every time she stepped foot in the kitchen .
she pulled out an old nightshirt , yellow with blue rose buds on it .
the ounce she had purchased only a week before was no more than seeds and a few lonely buds .
she chose the plumpest bud from her bag and crammed it into her bowl .
i found six partially opened buds lying on the ground today .
a single bud remained on the bush closest to the wing of classrooms .
she squeezed them around the last remaining rose bud , leaving just an inch or two of stem .
i want to put it in a bud vase .
freds hand remained steady , holding the bud .
he drank for a couple of seconds before his taste buds informed him of what his nostrils should already have .
he hummed tunelessly while hanging the freshly picked buds on a fishing line with wooden clothes pins .
after hanging the last of the buds , he went to the other line and removed the dried out ones .
when he finished collecting them , he sat slowly down in his lounge chair and looked in his basket of buds .
she answered , yanking out her ear buds .
he looked down the street and saw a weathervane turning rapidly on the roof of the bar , bud 's suds .
and when they turn them off when they pull out the needles - disbelief filled him at the idea , buds of wonder which were only grief rolled tight .
i been seem him most every day for fifteen years , have bought him drinks in the broken drum and had him buy me a few in return over at bud 's suds .
they were passing bud 's suds ( the neon sign in the window read enjoy our lotspitality ) when the door of the next business up - the laundrymat - opened and a woman sprang out .
not to talk to , no sir , not hardly , they ran with different crowds , but he 'd seen her eating dinner in the antlers hotel or the owl 's , once at the jailhouse in ely ; he 'd seen her drinking in bud 's suds or the drum with some of the other mining folk , rolling dice out of a cup to see who 'd pay ; in worrell 's market , buying groceries , at the conoco , buying gas , in the hardware store one day , buying a can of paint and a brush , yes sir , he had seen her around , in a town this small and this isolated you saw everybody around , had to .
it made him think of the weathervane on top of bud 's suds , the leprechaun with the pot of gold under his arm .
he did n't hear the bud bottles break inside the bag - all but two of them .
trisha leaned forward , her fingers going to her ears and pressing the little black buds deeper in .
as he was mopping up on that apocalyptic morning in derry , working his way gradually closer and closer to the serving area , he saw all seven of the beer taps - three bud , two narragansett , one schlitz ( known more familiarly to the bleary patrons of wally 's as slits ) , and one miller lite - nod forward , as if pulled by seven invisible hands .
standing with each girl was one of the federal 's two managers , bud brown and ollie weeks .
as each girl finished checking her order , bud or ollie would paperclip a chit to the customer 's cash or check and toss it into the box he was using as a cash repository .
bud and ollie weeks , who both knew her , just looked impatient and irritated , but any summer people around her stepped smartly away , never minding their places in line .
she said to bud .
i found him in sober - sided conversation with bud brown at register 2 .
i asked bud and ollie .
miller and haden and bud brown handed out flashlights , the whole stock , about twenty .
we were all together by the meat counter , all but bud brown .
she brings it on a tray that she has decorated with plaid napkins and a flower in a bud vase , as though she were serving breakfast in bed to guests .
i can afford an occasional martini instead of bud . ''
the other students joined them , first the girls carrying their bud lights , shrieking and waggling their rears .
her pause said that the latter was more likely , so i decided to put in my ear buds and hope for the house of grey to take me away .
he carries a bag with two lightning blue king - sized bottles of bud ice turbo load beers , one of which is already open , partially drank .
on the tray was a meal for two complete with silverware , crystal , linen napkins , and a lily in a bud vase .
the watermelon dude shuffled about the dark smoky yard restlessly vacillating between a seat on an old rusty lawn skimmer next to a rabbit - like man who was nibbling on a tiny withered peyote bud , and the vague outline of something against a farther fence , which , after a great deal of blank staring , he identified as a weather - beaten chaise lounge draped with a towel .
he said , putting in the ear buds of his stethoscope .
taking advantage of her arched form , he hovered his mouth for a moment over the puckered bud .
with firm strokes , he circled the sensitive bud .
look bud , is youse a cop or is youse wearin ' a wire ? ''
it stood as high as himself , a slender , dignified object with a smooth black metal stem spreading at the crown into six curving swan necks each ending in a red , pear shaped plastic knob , like so many tulips in bud .
what s your name , bud ?
they have ear buds and i m sure they heard about the moose outside .
when i ring the bell , your flower bud comes out .
if it comes out , i reward it with my butterfly and a sip of earl grey tea , if it does nt i ring the bell again until the bud comes out .
at the swipe of a credit card he had her enthralled , delighted that the old world clichd charm of being surrounded by red rose buds should at last be hers .
so he was to hand it over to a man called bud , and he would get two thousand for it .
for that reason , dave sat back in his sublime chair and sipped on the ideally chilled italian wine which graced his taste buds with lashings of joy .
degrade yourself to make this guy , who s five buds short of a six pack , feel better about himself .
hope buds lucky with that cable , the tech said as he went back to unbolting the engine shroud .
the nns were eating hotdogs and drinking bud light , while the other team was eating foie gras and caviar , and drinking a ten year old white burgundy .
to top it all off , he took the last sip of his second bud light and noticed the definitive start of a soft day buzz .
alex completely disregarded it and moved on , simultaneously shaking his bud light can to see if there was enough left for a last sip .
starting to feel the effects of the booze , gary and alex elected to switch the next order to grapefruit juice while roger opted for a bud light .
gale looks over at monique , sitting next to her new bud , jinny , and says , silk .
brad ordered a vodka red bull , daniel a bud light and jake a newcastle .
i do n't know how to explain what was happening when she was sharing her lovely tony - and - titties story with us , but when she said the part about if he were here right now , she bent over , put her bud light - filled left hand on the desk to brace herself then slapped her ass with her right hand .
she asked again but either the remaining alcohol or more likely the ear buds were blocking her ability to hear .
the bra was freed , and his hot lips grasped my buds in a wild abandonment to lust .
a man was hanging out in the parking lot , drinking bud light , i presume , and had a premeditated notion to bring a fuckin flare gun into the stadium for the sole purpose of firing it when the eagles started to lose .
are you sure you re ready for this , bud ?
that shut the fashionista up , and i ordered a pitcher of bud .
the next morning i was civil to him but not chatty , thought about calling roger , but did nt , thought about walking over to a bar on king street and ordering a cold bud , but did nt , thought about going for a jog along the battery , but did nt , thought about calling jinny and gale and asking them if they had been eaten alive by their new friends , but did nt , and thought about not letting the dog out into the back yard , let him suffer , but did .
well , it looks like you missed your chance for tonight , bud .
first , the rose buds stiffened .
the salinity became so high that his eyes burned and his taste buds screamed in agony .
bardog , do you have bud ice ?
unfortunately , it had also been tarnished by the perception that as soon as this delicate flower had come into bud it was prematurely pruned .
caza bought ' er a commisserative bud and gabe tossed her paper roses made of kleanex , pink and yellow and blue .
so dig out your posh frock and set your taste buds for lashings of lanson . ''
so dig out your posh frock , and set your taste buds for lashings of lanson .
tony and nastur stood and glumly looked on as pancho and elvis pulled out a bunch more bud light packages .
` ` pancho , ol ' bud , '' he slurred .
abraham lincoln and jefferson davis would have been back slapping best buds homeboys by comparison , trading anecdotes and sipping brandy between battles .
the two of them sometimes attending the southern arizona female mixed martial arts contests where they ate sonoran hot dogs with all the fixin 's , drank bud lite and watched their buddy salty suzy invariably win by unanimous decision .
the two had been best buds since way back in the day as a couple of incipiently prurient 14 year olds when they donned midnight black ninja suits they 'd got at the yearly going out of business sale at a local costume shop and crept through the neighborhood looking for windows with views of ladies in various stages of -- hopefully well advanced -- states of undress .
a tv in the uso lounge beckoned me with a bud light advertisement .
they had breakfast at the restaurant right next to the motel and porky was dumbfounded to find out that dawn could pack in as much food as he could , more even , because she actually ate his little packets of orange marmalade that he would nt eat because marmalade makes the quote muscles in my taste buds get all spastic unquote .
he is probably not even deaf but simply got ear buds in underneath that mop of dark hair .
this is the bit that i am dreading since i do not like the eyes being glued shut , while she carefully paints my lids with the little delicate cherry buds .
the house cleaner had just carried on as if nothing happened whilst i wondered if maybe she was deaf but no , just wired for sound if the telltale ear buds are anything to go by .
le : its beautiful , bud .
le : buds always been a sexual creature , and that s a turn - on to women .
andrew places one of the ear buds in his ear and shares the other with anna , he hits the shuffle button on the walkman and the song beginsthis is the first day / of the rest of your life .
my taste buds , or i should say thirst buds , tell me its just about time for you know what .
my taste buds , or i should say thirst buds , tell me its just about time for you know what .
no matter how much they pruned , mulched , watered and fertilized it , each bud turned out to be yet another green leaf and no flower .
and finally , getting more and more of the power of love , the bud blossoms out into a lotus .
pearce gauged her eyes , saw a nascent appreciation therein of subtler designs , a future flower of recognition , a bud presently collating the available evidence before deciding whether or not to open fully .
i knew how to conjure images for myself to combat the growing bud of doubt nurtured by her tirade .
she pinched back buds .
does the sumac bud before the maple ?
while daffodil buds filled and more and more birds returned to the cover of the leafing bittersweet , dilly pushed her thoughts to christmas and beyond .
but i thought maybe it was just hot , or my taste buds had gotten shaken up with the spill i had taken .
with gas and what he d spent on bud lights at the bar , mogley would nt break even on the day .
taste is another small thing small things but taste is not really what you taste its really what you smell for taste buds can only tell sweet sour salt and bitter apart from what i hear and the rest of it all that good food and her delicious tongue which gives me another erection is really smell from the top of your mouth and not taste at all but its so warm and she moves it around when she kisses me and she reminds me of my cat very content .
footsteps and then he calls , lizzie , lizzie and comes to find me , walking silently now over our rug , carrying in his hand a bunch of daffodils , thick sap - filled stalks with long pale yellow blunted buds , only just beginning to open , jostling and bumping against each other as he moves towards me , his forehead rippled with concern .
the young men 's drinking game became rowdy and they nudged a girl enough that she spilled part of her bud light on josh 's hand .
thou art more lovely and more temperate : rough winds do shake the darling buds of may and summers lease has all too short a date the guests clapped and cheered , chacuti stood , red - faced but radiant as all eyes fixed upon her .
aa moment of madness uprooted by the first touch of those buds upon the palm of my hand , we must not fail .
well , jerubbaal buys a couple of six packs of bud and invites everybody over to help him move his shit .
i ve volunteered to make the actual purchase , because its considered un - ladylike for a member of delta delta gamma to buy five cases of bud from the carry - out on highway 7 .
blake decides he s been sober long enough and orders a pitcher of bud .
i needed to fully hear my voice with the music and ear buds were nt going to do it .
radiant with love for his newborn son , alex noticed a solitary , ruby colored bud sprouting from a rosebush .
all your five senses would work the same , although your eyes would be sharper and you could enhance your sense of smell , touch , and even modify your taste buds so that you craved brussels sprouts .
anne took me to buds gun store .
chapter 45 bob slammed his laptop shut and took another swallow of bud to wash down three more pills .
chapter 6 when the snow faded from the mounds piled up on the sides of roads , when the bare trees began to bud and when the song of native birds returned to the shoreline , winter had succumbed to spring .
he d supped bud knowing he could nt have picked a better time to approach her .
he had not had one since his return and his taste buds began salivating ; their demands needing to be met .
she would perform all over the condominium , stretching her voice as she accompanied her favorite singers , the silver bud vase that she used as a microphone prop long ago discolored from the sweat of her hands .
a cake was baked as high as blueberrys tallest spire ; roast pigs were stuffed with vulpine crab , which were stuffed beforehand with corvine ponies , which had been force fed meat from whales who had subsisted only on pig meat for the duration of their captivity ; dried gnat gizzards had been brought in from the southern provinces and man - telope eggs were collected in bulk to make table - sized omelets ; casks of distilled mud lined the inner walls , stacked three - high and nucleotide cocktails were mixed by chemists to produce tastes custom - made for the unique taste buds of each guest imbibing them .
george approached me , held out his hand and opened it to reveal a shiny lime - green bud in his hand that tim had given to him .
they went off to smoke buds a few times as the space we claimed constricted .
i need you for this , bud .
each bud has a maiden commissioned as a guardian , and she may not leave the yard until the rose has been fetched by him through whose birth it has sprouted .
it occurs to me only now , having written these words , that the intensity of feeling i imputed to those buds was no doubt an externalization of my adolescent tornado of physical and emotional changes .
but better to be directed toward bradford pear buds than some other vibrating storehouses of teen passion .
he crushed color and stem , leaf and bud , with each press down of his heavy hiking boots .
the trees are beginning to bud .
now , that question seems so full , almost like tripping a confession : why d you kill her , bud ?
as he painfully unbent from kissing her head once more he lifted a single white bud from the vasea vase now full of healthy young roses .
i m talkin bout respect , bud !
i am a local , an original an original piece of work , murmured bud .
shot back bud .
bellowed bud .
bellowed bud again .
i felt that wave hit the bar why the hell you were even in the bar that day is beyond me i mean , i know you take to the bottle like a baby to a nipple , but bud snorted incredulously , the bill of his cap moving left , right , left , righti mean you do know , do nt you , that this bar is less than a hundred feet from the pacific oceandont you ?
... like satans own angels was just outside the walls there , screamin and cryin in the stormin water skeeter cranston groaned into his own beer , we ve heard this story about a hundred thousand times now , midge buds left hand came up behind her back ; his fingers opening and closing rapidly , mimicking a rapidly opening and closing mouth .
and then her face rose up , radiant with joyand then we know , we know , sighed bud , the glowin blue seagull .
finally bud roared , cut i m off , barkeep !
well , mr . conor , said bud between fading chuckles , you sound just like doris mcketchum .
the man ignored bud , who gawked at him .
the shady pines full care retirement home may , at the last minute , ship us off to the hospital , via an ambulance and a couple of medical technicians who are duty - bound to detour us to the hospital and not drive us straight to the cemetery where they might more logically prop our wheezing person up against a tree , break out a case of bud light , and phone for a pizza .
` ` i ' ve got your shoes in the living room bud , '' willow said .
love you mom , she said , putting her ear buds back in her ears .
the first major surf film producer , bud browne , spliced together footage of his surf trips to hawaii in the early 1950s and , as warshaw observed , for 90 minutes browne had defied the clich , becoming the host with vacation pictures that other people actually wanted to see .
he really disliked being called bud , with a vengeance .
instead , she found a tiny , rail - thin girl who looked as if she were in elementary school except for her breast buds which she proudly showed off by not wearing a bra under her tight short tee shirts .
wasserstein was a complete sands point , long island snob , but he had incredible taste buds .
we were both bird spirits , destined to meet , as inevitable as the unfolding of the lily bud to the sun .
rumor had it that nobody but bud seymour had ever had all his students pass the ap english test .
` ` you can call me bud . ''
this is wild crazy , he said , reaching over to inspect a tiny , yellow bud that had just emerged from the tomato plant .
more recently , its become standard to have to explain that the person at the reception desk should not wear ear buds or spend more than a few moments a day on necessary personal calls , but be alert for the phone or office guests .
` ` i , like , was n't at the first class , but a bud of mine said it looked like a cool course , so i , like , want to register .
sure enough , there was the small black bud , tucked away inside his lapel .
good to see ya bud !
it was my mothers birthday , and the blue pressed - glass bud vase was the most beautiful thing my ten - year - old eyes had ever seen .
she whipped up a batch of buttercream frosting , tinted part of it in the brides chosen mauve and started making roses and buds .
with the portable house phone in my lap ( since mine was impounded ) , i put in the ear buds of marjories ipod , leaving it on shuffle at the highest setting .
it held promise of a beautiful future watercolor , but right now , the pastel buds were intermingled amidst last seasons hay - like grass .
he was inhaling cold bud nonstop and trying to sweet talk the bar maid into a midnight boat tour .
he handed me a bud light and led me around to the side of the house .
a product of the art of safkhet published march 2013 other published works blood series blood purple book one september 2012 blood yellow book two july 2013 holiday short story series buds christmas wish november 2012 poetry whispers of the heart found inside of whispers in the dark spring 2013 table of contents chapter one chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five chapter six chapter seven chapter eight chapter nine chapter ten chapter eleven chapter twelve chapter thirteen chapter fourteen chapter fifteen chapter sixteen chapter seventeen chapter eighteen chapter nineteen chapter twenty chapter twenty one dedication there are people in life that you just can not live without .
bud sipped his black coffee .
bud blew on his coffee , replaced the lid , and sipped .
i studied it while sebastian with his ear buds on listened to the conversation over and over .
he released my arm , raised his hands and whispered , easy , bud .
bearing a six - pack of bud and a look on his face she had not seen since the night he realized his prospects as a pro baseball player had evaporated , she suddenly wondered if he actually had something besides sex on his mind .
once all had been placed , she pulled her tablet out of her backpack and slid an ear bud into her ear .
delilah placed her ear bud back into her ear and clicked a few more keys on her tablet .
ronni nodded to a server she knew , who held up a bottle of bud light and pointed to it in question .
davis laughed and said , i 'll have a bottle of bud light .
you have a choice between coors and bud .
lost and decaying , while people are mesmerized by their smart phones and block out their surroundings with tiny white ear buds .
he shoves her parted lips open with his sweet tongue attacking her taste buds with the favor of spice from my vaginal juices .
because her mouth salvia has fallen asleep hiding inside their tiny taste bud beds , fails to water the tongue and some teeth from her extreme nervousness .
there were still more flowers here ; on the fitted carpet , full - blown pink roses on the faded chintz - covered suite , delicate , tightly - enclosed buds on the wallpaper .
do you have bud light on draft ?
the waitress brought out the bud light and sweet tea .
kara did her run and placed her red ear buds in and pressed play .
dust in the wind , could not have been a more appropriate as the wind yanked at her ear buds .
i hear it when i put my ear buds in .
i pressed my way through the crowd and ordered another bud light .
i decided that maybe i d sit back in the chair , by the fire , take a bud lite , and just hope phil and nancy were nt getting ventilated out there .
two buds , jack answered the unspoken query .
he nodded at max , who pulled out another bud lite and slapped it in front of me .
thanks bud .
she reached for a brass - chambered pot pipe from the end table , and began sorting tiny buds of marijuana from a tray .
he pinched off the top of a bud , and he packed the one - hitter full , and spun around in the swivel chair .
she produced an ounce bag of bright green and rust colored buds .
` ` can we get a pair of tap buds ? ''
have you a moment for some coffee , and a taste of bud ?
frog took the three - inch pipe of brass , and withdrew a bag of bright jade - green bud decorated by a marbling of rust - colored , crystal laden , flowery hairs .
there was a small flower garden to my left , its tiny rose buds bravely fighting for life in the chilly spring air .
like buds here , you are needing to grow - up , i informed him with anger in my voice .
he turned his head , using his tongue to stroke the tender bud between her legs .
his fingers caressed her flesh slowly , then brushed across her n**ples , which hardened into sensitive buds .
he held the tight bud between his fingers , then moved his thumb slowly back and forth , gently torturing her .
he grazed his teeth across the bud and pulsed a finger inside her at the same moment .
` ` i ' ve been pounding down bud lights . ''
she tensed , waiting , but he did n't touch the sensitive bud .
she arched each time as though all the nerves in her body were attached to that tight little bud .
he was washing it all down with a bottle of bud light .
you got a cold bud light ? ''
` ` those are some very troubling dynamics , eh , bud ? ''
i had some flowers in a bud vase in my right hand , and my cane in my left , so i was glad the doors were automatic .
as he started to kiss my shoulders , the bulge in his slacks began to rub deliciously against my sensitive lust bud .
he brushed the engorged tip , now slick with our moisture , over my sensitive bud , before plunging back in , sending me off the edge into another mind - blowing cli**x .
and then his lips were on my neck , biting , nibbling , turning millions of my sense buds into sparks .
so what are you trying to tell me , myron , your taste buds are too mature for fong 's shrimp with lobster sauce now ?
the cold studio air sends a shiver through my body and my n**ples tighten into little buds .
her n**ples harden into tight buds beneath my touch .
she arches into my hand as i drag my palm against her pink buds , kneading and twisting them .
i cup each of her br**sts , licking and sucking her tight buds , spurred on by her cries .
his teeth tease my tight bud as his hand finds my other breast , kneading it in his hands and unraveling the ribbons of my lust throughout my body .
i ... '' her protests trailed off as he continued to lick her clit , hardening the tip of his tongue into a point and circling it around the little bud .
on her tray was the rose of the day , singularly beautiful and crisp , the bud just beginning to unfurl .
his fingers continued to lightly play with her clit , spreading her thighs wide and continuing to slide back and forth , teasingly , slowly , over that sensitive bud of flesh .
she looked in the mirror at her flushed sex wet with arousal , his fingers teasing and circling that small bud , his c*ck still buried deep inside her .
gretchen dragged her fingertips across the bud of the rose , feeling the soft petals and smiling .
at her shuddering response to his touch , he stopped there and rubbed lightly , brushing back and forth against the sensitized bud with the pads of his fingers .
her eyes flew open and she had to watch his cheeks hollow as he took her nipple into his mouth , then flicked his tongue over the sensitive bud until she thought she might die from the pleasure .
he moved his touch from her nipple to her clitoris , tweaking the swollen bud .
i thought maybe i was dreaming or maybe it was me that was dead , but when jess shoveled scalding hot soup into my mouth and burnt every taste bud on my tongue , the nightmare that my life had become was confirmed to indeed be real .
i threw on some yoga pants and a thermal top , put my ear buds in , and quietly made my way to the kitchen .
present day i sat in the bar and downed another bud light .
suck me harder , '' she said , and i bit down on the hard bud , unable to control myself .
so instead i mumble something about getting a drink and go to the fridge and grab a bud light .
the bud had just started to blossom , its petals slightly revealed at the sides .
he rumbles in my ear , swirling his thumb against my swollen bud .
i can see one corner of his mouth tip up , and his eyes crinkle before i feel the sharp sting of his teeth as he bites down on my swollen bud .
i laugh softly against her skin before wrapping my lips around her tight bud and sucking deep , giving her everything she wants .
my teeth nibble , my tongue licks and swirls , and when i close my lips around the tight bud and pull she screams out .
he lifts me higher and dips his tongue deep , dragging it back slowly toward my clit , and circling the swollen bud before taking it between his lips and sucking .
steve had always called zack bud when he was younger and he was still trying to kiss up to my mother .
just when i was about to start begging , his fingers trailed against my heat , his thumb stopping on the sensitive bud as his fingers teased my opening before he slid one inside me .
i kissed him with everything i had and whimpered when he added a second finger and started teasing my aching bud as he worked me slowly .
the hand that had been in my hair moved down my body , and the second his fingers rolled around my sensitive bud , my body shattered around him and i roughly whispered his name as i lost myself to him .
his mouth , hot and wet , found the sensitive bud of my clit , and i was lost .
i make contact with niklas through a live video feed on my ipad , putting only one ear bud in my ear so that i can control the volume of my voice while speaking with him .
he sucks my nipple and bites the bud , the pressure grasping my throat .
they were n't best buds like they might have been once , but they were getting closer .
i 'd made her come hard while i pierced those pretty pink buds .
i twitched each time he touched the sensitive buds .
what are you doing up , bud ? ''
the melody and harmony intertwined like tendrils from a vine growing with little buds , eager to reach the sun and bloom .
nobody 's fighting over you tonight , bud . ''
i bet you 'd set my taste buds on fire . ''
callum still had his ear buds in , thank god , and he did n't hear us .
instinctively , my hand wandered south , two fingers pressing against the sensitive bud to stop the growing ache .
i take out my ipod and put my ear buds in , scrolling to ` ` seth 's awesome playlist . ''
i had to nip this in the bud before he could try that hypnotizing look again .
` ` listen , i like jonah and all , but you ' ve got to nip this thing in the bud , bridge , '' i spoke quietly .
he 's leaning back against the counter , chugging a bud light as if it were water .
when he reaches my swollen bud , he circles it before working his way back down and inside me again .
he licks me in smooth strokes up and down , between my folds and around my swollen bud .
` ` i 'll have a bud light .
` ` she 's important to you , huh , bud ? ''
as jonathan 's tongue stroked my most intimate place , waves of pleasure began to build and then he repeatedly flicked my bud with his tongue and i could n't hold back any longer .
his tongue slowly ran up my inner thigh lightly brushing over my sensitive bud and i gasped with pleasure as i raised my h*ps toward him .
he paused over my bud and then slowly kissed his way up my stomach to my br**sts taking his time to wrap his lips around each nub .
i twisted the sheets in my hands as his pace increased , and my breath came in pants as he delved into me with his tongue and then teased my swollen bud .
he took my bud between his lips , rubbing his tongue over it repeatedly and that threw me over the edge .
i ' ve got ear buds in and i ' m spaced out , tired , not wanting to go to work .
it 's thick , rich , and does something bizarre to my taste buds .
and i do n't even like bud .
` ` i do n't really see myself having kids with you , or a life with you , so let 's nip this thing in the bud , '' he said in his phone message .
it fell away and he suckled the flesh , licking at the ripe buds , nibbling until they were raw and ready .
tilting her head , emma eyed the closed bud .
when he heard her suck in a breath , he teasingly pinched the bud .
` ` are you going to bring it on a silver tray with a rose bud in a crystal vase ? ''
she tugged the strands of his hair as he swirled his tongue over the sensitive bud .
she cried out when he started playing with the tiny bud of flesh , and when he gritted , ` ` i want you to come hard now , mairi , '' she cried out in surrender , her body obeying the command of its master .
my orgasm began to blossom inside me , like pointed flower buds , tickling and straining .
i swallowed my complaints for a moment , until my flower buds threatened to wilt , and i turned my head and politely ordered todd to f**k me .
it smelled like wine , tasted like wine , but in the dark , my taste buds did n't know what to think , except that it was good .
` ` come out of the water , bud .
i put my glass to the bar and discreetly plucked the bud out of my ear , reached in my cle**age and grabbed my microphone , ripping it and the tape off and away .
` ` she hustled bud at pool , '' the sidekick said quickly .
who knew what bud sharp and his sidekicks were spreading around and how far that would reach ?
like a twenty - two year old girl that sizes bud sharp up , sees his fancy - ass clothes , knows , she takes a good look in the mirror , she could bring him to his knees and make him beg and live the big life even if it 's in a small town , and she wants no part of a dick like him .
when they did , he shared , ` ` across that creek , bud sharp 's daddy owns that land . ''
` ` then again , maybe jeb sharp does n't say anything and bud sharp just looks at you and knows .
` ` that shit you all did a day ago , that shit 'll rile bud sharp . ''
` ` pete rolled over on bud . ''
once we got those , we moved in on pete 's place as well as bud and cecily 's .
he said bud paid him .
` ` we hope bud confesses but i would n't hold my breath .
cash withdrawals from bud and cecily 's accounts could be traced as to what pete told the cops buddy paid him to do his nefarious deeds but buddy contended he gave him the money , ` ` to help out a friend . ''
so the day after new year 's , bud sharp went to work and was told immediately that he was required to attend an emergency board meeting .
finally , in all his years , bud sharp did something smart .
and no shrines to sam 's life in the army , pictures with buds wearing fatigues and casually handling massive , scary automatic weapons or frames displaying patches or medals .
and while uncle marsh studied it , he also , i reckoned , was wondering if he should call all his fighter jock buds in order to spirit me away mach three .
that way you can meet bud and billie . ''
added to that is hopper 's old lady , mitzi , who is n't my bestest bud but she is in the sisterhood , considering she has a vagina .
so , clearly , seeing hop doing what hop was just doing , something i ' m guessing you knew he was in the middle of doing and that 's why he 's not on his way to you , did n't make me want to do cartwheels since we sisters need to band together no matter if we 're not best buds .
` ` i can pick out clothes for bud , '' billie , sitting beside bud at the bar chimed in then finished , ` ` easy . ''
i was visualizing bud in t - shirts with butterflies on them when i heard mitch mutter , ` ` decided , '' and my eyes went back to him .
mitch and bud taking off with their baseball equipment was n't unusual .
heck , just the other day when we 'd swung into king soopers to grab some things we needed , billie and i went in and came out to mitch and bud playing catch in the parking lot .
i looked at bud .
i did n't like what i saw but i did n't have a chance to fully process it before he looked to bud .
i spied mitch carrying one of those big , long baseball bags , bud striding beside him , leo , camille 's husband , next to bud , derek , latanya 's boyfriend , next to mitch .
` ` does bud sleep with a mitt on his hand ? ''
he grinned and reminded me , ` ` well , bud does . ''
` ` right , baby , this mornin ' the play is , i get the bathroom first then i get bud up and in the shower while you shower and i make coffee and breakfast .
` ` did you have a good day , bud ? ''
now , for god 's sake , it 's late , i ' m tired , my kids are tired and bud 's freaked .
i need to get them home , bud calmed down and my family to sleep .
` ` mara , baby , '' his arm gave me a squeeze , his voice coming at me carefully , gently , ` ` that sketch is the sketch the artist drew from the description bud gave him of the man that came to their house . ''
` ` wrong , '' mitch bit out then he shared , ` ` bud asked to take my name . ''
in the corner of the bed , back to the wall , there was bud .
mitch holstered his gun and arrived at the bed realizing bud had n't spoken and mitch 's eyes stopped scanning for injuries and focused on the boy .
he straightened and bud scrambled off the bed .
` ` right , '' slim replied quietly , reached out his extended hand and tousled bud 's hair .
` ` let 's go get mara , '' mitch muttered and moved out of the room , billie in his arms held close to his chest , bud moving close to his side , his hand still latched onto mitch 's belt .
he rolled away from billie who was sleeping cradled between them and on his roll he saw bud pop up on the other side of mara .
he then threw back the covers and said , ` ` yeah , '' into the phone as he turned back , shaking his head at mara and bud .
mitch looked at bud .
mitch moved his eyes from a still crookedly smiling bud to look down at mara who now had her head tipped back and she was smiling too .
epilogue hometown bud lawson mitch thirteen years later ... ` ` that shirt burnin ' your skin ? ''
marcie was bud 's .
the vast space was filled with applause and the roar of the crowd as the announcer excitedly announced , ` ` his first at bat for the rockies , hometown bud lawson hits a two - run homerun !
mitch stopped clapping and wrapped an arm around her shoulders but he did n't take his eyes from bud .
they were n't far away and bud saw it .
then bud jogged to the dugout and disappeared .
they flew to tucson as much as they could to watch bud play for the wildcats at the university of arizona .
then i stupid , stupid , stupidly stopped by the store and bought a six - pack of bud in bottles , brock 's preference , on the way home .
the moment i got near , as usual , brock claimed me with an arm around my waist , pulling my front to his side and i noted all the boys had bottles of bud .
and , if what i just saw does not set her attorneys scrambling to give you everything you want , he 's going to talk to some of his buds who ' wear robes and command gavels ' , his words , to see that this nightmare is sorted out sooner not later . ''
` ` other one , '' he ordered , then circled the tight bud with his tongue and he felt her resulting shiver .
i was on trip three and squatted down rotating bottles of bud and coors light when i heard them come back .
as for me , i liked going to the bar and saying , ` ` need two bud drafts , '' and hearing him say softly , ` ` right , baby , '' or , also softly , ` ` you got it , ace . ''
` ` did you call the cops , bud ? ''
then i asked , ` ` tate , honey , would you get hayley here a diet and i 'll go serve those buds . ''
` ` got one , bud .
i could actually hear ella mae now and the ear buds were n't even in my ears .
her ni**les pebbled , bunching into tiny buds , reacting to my gaze .
the bloom was n't fresh like the bud of a rose but black .
he took his time , swirling his tongue around the hard bud , before letting go in a loud slurp .
instead he sucked on the hard bud feeling her shake in his hands .
his fingers probed her pu**y , sliding through her slit , coating his digits with her cream before caressing her bud .
he took one nipple into his mouth , biting down onto the rock hard bud .
moving to the next nipple , he circled the bud then went back to the first .
sucking , flicking , and licking the tight little bud , ripper held judi in place while he made her come apart in his arms .
he watched them , loving the tightness of her red buds .
his tongue circled her ni**les before he nibbled on the buds .
he bit down on the bud and licked the pain away .
feeling wicked , he claimed one of her ni**les with his lips , sucking the hard bud into his mouth .
leaning forward , she flicked one bud with her tongue .
with her other hand , she touched her clit , sliding a finger over the bud then down to her cunt to press inside her .
he opened her thighs , and then she screamed as he attacked her clit , sucking the bud into his mouth .
he kissed his way down her neck and sucked on her nipple until the red bud was swollen and pretty against her flesh .
his tongue created a wet path along her skin to her other hard bud .
his tongue circled the tight red bud , sucking the tip into his mouth .
gabriel reached to her clit , flicking the little bud .
she screamed as he circled the bud .
a second finger was added , and his tongue flicked from side to side against her bud .
her tits filled his hands , the buds of her ni**les grazing his skin .
he licked small circles around her bud .
his mouth watered , and then he was sucking on her red - tipped buds .
going back to her na**d br**sts , peter sucked on one red - tipped nipple before going to the next bud .
he rubbed his thumbs against each tight bud .
he watched her response as he pressed a thumb to her aching bud .
he cupped one in his hand feeling the weight and teasing the bud with his thumb .
he plunged his tongue deep into her pu**y and then circled the bud .
the buds were so tight as they pressed to the front of her shirt .
her ni**les were hard buds pressing against the lace of her bra .
he f**ked her with his tongue and then smashed her clit , flicking the bud .
his thumb stoked along the tip of one sensitive but firm and erect bud .
biting her lip , she watched him suck her entire pink bud into his mouth taking the whole of the breast .
her eyes dilated , and he could see her ni**les bud through the small flimsy blouse she wore .
staring into her eyes , he leaned down and took the bud underneath the blouse into the heat of his mouth .
how to stroke her little bud until she came .
he tongued her nipple , licking and sucking the hard bud into his mouth before he moved onto the next one .
he circled , flicked , and sucked the bud into his mouth before going down to plunge his tongue inside her .
leaning forward , he took one of her ni**les into his mouth , sucking on the hard bud .
moving between them , he pressed a finger to her clit , caressing the bud .
he circled the hard nipple watching the bud harden at the smallest of touches .
pinching her nipple , he moved toward the right one , circling the bud until she was rock hard .
when he pinched this bud she released a scream for him to hear .
she jerked in his arms , crying out as he pinched the bud between his fingers .
he opened her pu**y staring at the entrance to her cunt and the swollen bud of her clit .
butch tongued her clit , sucking the bud , then slid down to f**k her .
he lavished time on each never moving from one bud to the next .
with his mouth watering , he leaned down sucking the bud .
moving to the next breast , he sucked in the large bud .
flicking his tongue over the bud , he kept up his ministrations never letting up .
he tongued her clit , sucking , nipping , and tugging the hard bud into his mouth .
he circled the bud , sliding over it before pressing against the muscles .
he pinched the tight bud before stroking over it .
he bit down on the hard bud adding some pain to the heat of his mouth .
zero went to the next nipple , sucking the bud into his mouth before biting down .
zero sucked her nipple into his mouth then moved onto the next nipple , flicking the hard bud with his tongue .
leaning down , he sucked her nipple into his mouth , pulling the bud taut .
he took over , working the buds with his fingers until they were rock hard , pressing against his palm .
kissing down her body , he flicked a nipple , sucking the hard bud into his mouth .
reaching around , he fingered her clit , strumming the bud .
the hard buds of her ni**les poked him as well .
tiny fingered the hard buds feeling the answering ripple in her cunt .
he circled her bud then licked down to slam inside her cunt .
sucking one tight nipple into his mouth , he tongued the bud feeling her body shake underneath his .
he stroked over her bud as he f**ked her in turn .
he felt her pu**y ripple around him as he tortured her bud .
` ` i 'll get you a ring , '' eva said as he released her bud .
running his fingertips down from her face , he circled the bud of her ni**les .
glancing down she saw him circle her nipple with his tongue before biting down on the red bud .
she cried out from the instant pleasure as he sucked on one of the buds .
he moved to the other bud lavishing attention to both her ni**les .
when the bud was as tight as the other , he moved back until he sat down on the edge of the bed .
the small stroke on her tiny bud shocked her .
with his free hand , he fingered the wet bud he 'd left .
licking his lips , he recalled the feel of her full , lush body in his arms , the buds of her ni**les pressing against his chest .
his fingers found her clit , teasing the bud until she came apart under him .
he wanted to slide his dick between the valley , to suckle and nibble on her tight buds .
he kept one hand bound in her hair as the other thumbed her red , swollen buds .
swivelling his hips , rubbing along every part of her pu**y he strummed her bud .
the shirt she wore clung to her curves , showing off the hard buds of her ni**les .
smiling , he stroked her bud with his fingers as he slid between her thighs .
when she started to touch her sweet bud he was ready to explode .
nibbling on her clit , he sucked the swollen bud into his mouth before giving it a final flick of his tongue .
his palms cupped her mounds , tweaking the ni**les before his lips took over , biting down on the buds .
taking one of her ni**les into his mouth , he sucked the bud in deep .
he turned to her other breast , lavishing the bud with more attention .
hands gripped her legs , and then she felt his wicked tongue circling her bud .
he took one red tipped nipple into his mouth , sucking the bud in deep .
she touched her ni**les , tugging on the hard brown buds until they were erect and pushing up .
dawn pressed a finger to her clit , touching the swollen bud as she pinched her ni**les .
he did n't give her time to grow accustomed to his touch , biting down on the hard bud .
holding her hands down to the bed , he pressed a palm to her stomach keeping her in place as he tortured the bud nearest him .
withdrawing from the bud he blew on it .
he changed his attention between both of her br**sts , biting and sucking the hard buds into his mouth .
he sucked one of her ni**les into his mouth , moaning as the hard bud filled his mouth .
sliding a finger through her slit , he circled the hard bud of her clit .
scoring the hard bud between his teeth , he groaned at the same time she screamed .
licking , sucking , and biting the hard bud , he worked between sliding his tongue within her cunt to attacking her clit .
sucking the bud into his mouth , he added a third finger into her cunt .
he started kissing down to her breasts once again , circling each bud before moving onto the next .
he tongued the hard buds , lavishing each one with his attention .
licking a path between her cleavage , he started to circle the other bud , lavishing each tit with his tongue .
he bit the hard bud , flicking the tip with his tongue .
he followed a path with his hand and stroked the bud .
bending down he took her bud between his lips .
` ` i think it 's more likely you 're going to be the death of me , '' she complained as he teased her tender bud of flesh , his touch too light to bring her to climax .
emma was branded with his scent - an elementally male essence of clean soap and sunshine that set the tips of her small br**sts into tight buds .
jason 's thumb ran over the tight bud and pleasure overtook her .
his fingers zeroed in on her needy bud , slipping through her moist folds , finding where she needed to be touched .
her back arched , straining against her bindings , as his firm , insistent mouth circled her needy bud , before finally latching over the nub , clamping it lightly with his teeth .
he caressed the springy curls before his fingers slipped lower , so very close to the swollen bud of flesh right above his pounding cock .
simon 's deep voice commanded as his fingers zeroed in on the tiny bud of flesh that was aching for his touch .
he laved the tiny bud over and over .
his fingers mastered her pu**y , stroking over her bud with just enough pressure to drive her insane .
he laid siege to her clit , diving through her drenched folds to run his tongue around and over the enflamed bud , groaning as he slipped two fingers into her clenching channel .
she whimpered as max started to f**k her with his fingers , his strokes deep and hard , and he centered his total attention on the throbbing bud pleading for his attention .
his fingers slid between her saturated folds , finding her engorged , sensitive bud and gliding over it with persistent pressure .
he searched and found the engorged bud that needed his attention , sliding over it with powerful strokes as his tongue plundered her mouth , never letting up on the pressure until she detonated , her whole body shuddering as her climax hit her with an explosive intensity that shattered her completely .
the tiny bundle of nerves responded , the bud hard and sensitive , reacting to every strong stroke of his tongue .
finally , he teased her clit , traveled around the needy bud in frustrating , sublime circles .
when his tongue zeroed in on her clit , every flick on the sensitive bud made her body jerk .
his finger stroked blissfully hard over the pulsating bud .
he lowers his head , sucking the abused bud into his mouth .
i feel it between my legs when he sucks the pert bud into his mouth as he continues to caress me with his tongue .
and then he covers my one bud with his mouth , sucking it in and swirling his tongue around before moving over to my other breast to do the same .
lost in declan as he sits up and gently nips the bud of my nipple , hardening it to a peak before moving to the next to show the same loving attention .
` ` and now for my favorite part ... '' he smeared a dollop of cool lube on her tightly closed bud and then eased the thick , fleshy head of his cock at her entrance .
` ` your skin is smooth like warm cream and your tits are big and pillowy with tight little rosy buds for nipples that even now beg to be sucked and played with . ''
his tongue danced and demanding , coaxing waves upon waves of intense sensation from the swollen bud until she was clenching the sheets in her fisted palms , crying out as her entire body rode the crest that his marauding tongue created with expert flicks and sucks .
he used her juices to generously lube her swollen pleasure nub before gently pinching the aching bud , causing her to cry out and shudder .
he flicked his tongue over the rigid bud before moving to lick the other one , chuckling when her impatient voice echoed in the air .
he drew lazy circles over her clit , watching her face as he teased the swollen bud .
when he gently bit the sensitive bud , the sensation was so intense she cried out and clasped her hands on his head , begging for more .
he sucked on the sensitized bud , softly , gently .
reed sucked on the distended bud , making the sexiest noise she 'd ever heard .
god , she wanted carson 's tongue on them , wanted him to suck each rigid bud deep in his mouth , to lick her and bite her and make her scream with pleasure .
he sucked roughly , captured the tight bud between his teeth and bit it lightly .
he was rougher than usual , nibbling on each turgid bud , sucking so hard he thought he might hurt her .
latching his lips over her clit , he sucked the tight bud in his mouth .
he murmured then scraped his teeth over her hard bud .
her ni**les hardened into two tight buds , straining against her halter top .
he captured her clit between his lips and suckled , then licked the swollen bud over and over again , until pleasure gathered in her belly and sizzled in her bloodstream like a drug .
his hands drifted back to her br**sts , and he began to toy with her ni**les through her shirt , his mouth flooding with saliva as he imagined sucking on those rigid buds .
he returned a minute later , handed cash a bottle of bud light and sank into the leather recliner opposite the couch .
he toyed with the rigid buds , studying jen to gauge her response .
he sucked gently , flicking his tongue over that velvety soft bud .
he nibbled on her slick folds , tickling her slit with the tip of his tongue , kissing and sampling but making a pointed effort to avoid the swollen bud begging for his attention .
his cheek brushed over her nipple , tongue darting out to lick that tight bud as his hot breath warmed her skin .
his tongue swiftly connected with her clit , spearing that swollen bud with absolute precision .
jane walked over to the large freezer against the far wall and leaned in to grab a case of bud light , which cash promptly took from her hands and set on the floor .
they ordered bud lights , paid miranda , then moved away from the counter to let a group of scantily clad chicks place their orders .
chuckling , he feathered his thumb over one nipple , toying with the rigid bud .
aidan reached into the cooler on the ground and fished out two bud lights .
then he pinched those distended buds , eliciting another gasp .
he reached for the bud light he 'd set on the deck and brought it to his lips .
the warmth of his mouth surrounded that swollen bud as he suckled on it , sending shockwaves of pleasure through her system .
claire watched in fascination as dylan 's deft fingers pinched those rigid buds , loving the way aidan 's expression glazed over with pleasure .
taking a breath , dylan ran one finger over the trail of condensation on his bud light bottle , then glanced around the table .
dylan admired her full , perky br**sts , the cherry - red ni**les that turned into two puckered buds the moment they were exposed to the air .
the waitress he 'd bulldozed past approached the table to take his order , and though he did n't usually drink anything other than good ol ' fashioned bud light , he opted for two shots of whiskey , which caused his three fellow seals to raise their eyebrows in surprise .
his thumb brushed her swollen bud again and she jerked .
he licked every inch of exposed flesh , teasing her , drawing out her pleasure , and when his teeth gently nibbled on one distended bud , mia 's lower body almost shot off the couch .
his thumb tended to her clit , teased the little bud while his fingers drove in and out of her core .
he slugged back some more bud light , hoping the alcohol might lift his spirits .
a cold bud for shane , long island iced tea for tiffy - i already know that .
jackson and mia both ordered bud lights , and then crissy flounced off , leaving the foursome to their nervous small talk .
his finger caressed my inner walls while his thumb rubbed over the sensitive bud between my legs .
one hand reached down between my legs and rubbed my swollen bud relentlessly .
his thumb rubbed my swollen bud faster as his fingers stroked my inner walls .
he flicked his tongue over my hard bud and then flattened his tongue rubbing back and forth with increasing pressure .
his thumb rubbed my hardened bud and i could feel my body begin to tense up as my orgasm started to rise from within .
i began to moan uncontrollably as i felt his thumb press against my swollen bud and i could n't hold it any longer .
his tongue swirled around the hardened bud , lightly teasing it and then he grazed it with his teeth .
i cried out as his tongue glided back and forth over my hard bud , applying more and more pressure on the sensitive flesh .
suddenly i felt his tongue licking the sensitive bud between my legs .
david arched his back , and christian sucked on the now hard bud , teasing with tongue and teeth before licking to the other .
hey , shift sam , you ll be fine but we need you to shift bud .
he tongued her clit , circling and flicking the sensitive bud until her core flooded with a fresh rush of cream .
she felt his mouth , hot and devouring as he divided his attention between raining biting kisses on her thighs and swirling the tip of his tongue on the tight bud of her desire before covering her completely with his mouth , using hands and teeth and tongue to bring her once more to the edge , his maddening habit of stopping just short of release making her cry out in abject frustration .
pops called twice , though i did nt answer , and cason showed up around 6 p.m. what s going on , bud ?
firm lips nibbled around the soft skin of her neck , sending shivers of desire into her breasts and tightening her nipples into tight buds of need .
maybe when i was younger , he admitted , but since i signed on with brannigans , my taste buds have been completely loyal .
toying with the tight bud , he circled it slowly until she moaned in return .
yesterday i was a flower bud all closed up inside and protected by layers of darkness , whereas today i have blossomed and my petals have opened showing the world my gay colors and hidden beauty .
everyones a bit surprised he picked youyou being so inexperienced and all she needed to nip that in the bud right quick .
her eyes were almond shaped with dark lashes and she had perfect rose bud lips .
her breasts felt heavy , her nipples sensitive as they hardened into tight buds .
kaitlyn pulled out her ear buds when it looked like brennan might be winding down , but it was wishful thinking , and if she did nt do something quick , this could go on for days .
really , caleb said , as the bud of a plan began forming in his head .
the flavors were exquisite and her taste buds delighted in the meal .
just pull your ear buds out when my dads around .
he pulls back only to gently suckle my cleft , swirling his tongue across my achingly tender bud with long , languid strokes , before diving back into me with jarring thrusts .
he traces the bud until it swells with painful need .
s. a little bud of pride began to open inside her .
she treated her taste buds to a generous helping , while christophe stirred the tumbler of appleton vx by moving it around on the tabletop .
fuck , you are so responsive his words and breath fell on her breasts , and his teeth tugged on the hard bud until she was trembling and panting .
my taste buds will go into mourning if they stop making that mousse .
zach slid the bone china bud vase with its single long - stemmed red rose from the center of the table over to the side along the wall to get an unobstructed view of the beautiful woman seated across from him .
the first bite of buttery pastry , salty ham and sharp cheese set her taste buds reeling .
sure , i knew what felt good , but i had nt got a name for that small bud that sent warmth flooding through my entire body .
as he mixed up the rhythm and movement of his tongue , drawing long strokes rather than focusing solely on my tiny bud of nerve endings , he pushed his finger a little deeper .
clen snipped off three buds just beginning to open and placed them in the water shed brought , then she sat back on her heels and listened to the buzz of insects as the dawn coolness began to give way to another hot day .
still , she did nt like the idea of leaving this blooming bud of a new york at his mercy .
pink buds adorned her upswept hair , and her cheeks were as pink as she broke into an embarrassed laugh .
she turned around in a pirouette slowly , searching for michael and spotting him in the opposite corner , explaining something to a guest under a big painting of a delicate orange - yellow rose surrounded by a lighter bud and a half - opened second rose .
she saw his gaze slide downward to where her bra was still alarmingly visible beneath her blouse , and where to her shock , two hardened buds peaked daringly against the soaked fabric .
after three raging metal songs , she slipped the buds out of her ears and gave her attention to her dog and the road .
it was juicy and her taste buds rejoiced , popping at the vinegary pucker of sour pickles .
with alex , we wrote kiss this on his forehead , followed by an arrow that lined the length of his nose , where little red rose bud lips were drawn in the middle , reminding me of a geisha .
he strokes again , squeezing the tight bud .
he put his ear buds in .
however , she continued , more green buds with tiny legs hopping along her arms , evolution never sleeps and lifeforms start small but forever grow into bigger creatures .
a green bud popped at me , and clung onto my nose .
like a million acrobats , the green , tiny legged , buds of enthusiasm ran up each other , growing and stacking and forming a very excitable bench for two .
or even how excited the green buds were , dancing in ambience to our love - found joy and happiness .
i stood up to leave , holding michelles hand , when a green bud delicately hopped onto our joined hands and ran on its tiny legs to my shoulder .
i thought this , while nosing my little green bud , lightly flexing his tiny knees and reaching up to nose me .
she asked , allowing herself to be dragged along , the park bench returning to the lawn in an exhilarating avalanche and gleeful waterfall of excitable buds .
i place the bud in mine and he clicks play again .
where to , buds ?
her nipples were tight little buds , and he could nt keep his hungry gaze from caressing them .
his fingers slipped between her folds and played the hard bud of flesh at the top expertly , teasing the mini - erection out of its clitoral hood to meet more of his gentle attentions .
ignoring me , jonathan flipped the camera up on his shoulder and put in his ear bud , indicating it was time to move .
wake up , bud !
the warm wetness feels exquisite as he sucks on the swollen bud , twirling the other between his fingertips .
you ll be fine , my bud .
i love you so much , my precious bud .
i love you too , my bud .
oh my bud , maria had said , her eyes so utterly bottomless , i love you .
she preferred the feel of the bass woofing through her entire body instead of the limited auditory experience of ear buds from her iphone .
how ya doing , bud ?
alright , well be right out bud , cale called to him .
tyler slung an arm around me and whispered , you need to be my wing - man tonight , bud .
unable to resist , i duck out from under her arms and catch a rivulet with my mouth as it rolls off the tight bud of her nipple .
ill have a bud light , please .
i m wet , desperate to feel cams mouth on my clit , his warm tongue flicking against the sensitive bud .
she had ear buds in and was singing along to the song she was listening to .
when she closed her eyes and envisioned the view from the model condo 's master bedroom , the image of bud griffith 's face clouded her mind and she found her heart warming one degree at the mental picture of his smile .
now it was clear that bud was second in command to leonard himself , with far more authority than cass had assumed , including power over the company 's purse strings .
bud picked up the gleaming steel server and poured coffee into two ceramic mugs .
` ` you ' ve got two dozen dimly lit caves you 're trying to pass off as expensive living spaces , and if you do n't sell them soon , you 'll have the hot breath of the bank on your neck , bud .
mind if i call you bud ? ''
mary elizabeth had tried to do just that with bud , as though when they married she appointed herself project manager of bud .
she looked wistfully at bud and , removing her eyeglasses , she said , ` ` no .
she found bud griffith in her contacts list and called his office .
i ' ve got to reach bud about the sea cliff units . ''
she turned and saw bud griffith leaning in the bedroom doorway .
she said to bud , ` ` he 's mending .
when the last of the furniture was assembled in the condo , bud stepped out onto the walkway and cass locked the door behind them .
she got in and realized the car smelled faintly like bud , that woodsy scent she remembered from the appointment in his office .
she gripped the polished metal , and bud wrapped his hands over hers .
she anticipated a look of disgust on bud 's face if she were to say , ` ` i was married to a man who hopped from my bed to another wife 's and back .
and the impact of the boat hitting metal flung bud into cass .
* * * cass and bud stood on the concrete under the aluminum canopy at the marina boat repair and dry dock .
` ` you 're going to complain to bud griffith that i want you to make good on your contract ?
` ` bud ?
now she was merely weeping because bud was outraged .
at first , cass was startled at the ferocity of bud 's embrace .
she glared at bud with a look of shocked disdain .
she thought of bud in that other world and wondered what he was doing right now .
` ` and it 's bud , peggy .
that fellow bud . ''
cass 's tears had turned to chuckling as she realized she was trying to get bud to make up her mind for her , which seemed a perfectly reasonable and ridiculous decision all at the same time .
chapter 6 bud was true to his word .
it was then that she would fantasize most about bud , just before she collapsed into a restless sleep .
she found herself looking to the empty passenger seat , wishing bud were with her .
oh , bud ... cass stopped talking when she saw him breathe a deep sigh of seeming relief .
one more touch from bud , anything more intimate than a hand on her elbow and she 'd give herself to him completely .
chapter 7 cass and bud made their way through the angry protesters on the sidewalk outside the hotel .
petro , looking inordinately jolly , contextually incongruent and round in red tartan plaid pants and a still redder jacket , motioned for cass and bud to join them .
` ` to petro , it 's all good , '' she answered bud in a low voice .
hand on her shoulder , bud led her to the dance floor .
they took a break , sipped champagne , then munched on hot stuffed shrimp , bud holding the shrimp tails while cass ate .
cass smiled up at bud and kissed him again as though he were a life mate thought lost at sea and finally returned .
today , after a the night of fierce and graceful lovemaking with bud , the sculpture took on new meaning .
without realizing it , she had counted on bud to arrive first , not petro .
that 's when she saw bud , another woman clinging to his arm .
cass was taken aback with how aristocratic bud 's ex - wife looked with her creamy complexion and raven black hair .
nothing had prepared her for bud and mary elizabeth to arrive together , especially since bud had once said offhandedly that his ex - wife , like cass at that time , refused to be friends .
` ` bentley , do remember to put a towel over the cork , '' mary elizabeth said to bud .
cass left bud in the company of his ex - wife .
and then there was bud , kissing her full on the mouth in the presence of his ex - wife , who should n't be present at all .
she had been wondering since this morning how she could stand to be away from bud for the holiday , and even toyed with the idea of inviting him .
she materializes every time bud 's about due for a healthy commission .
finally , bud and cass were alone .
and besides , everybody knows me as bud . ''
` ` hold everything , bud .
chapter 9 cass stepped out of bud 's car .
` ` how long do you intend to stay here , bud ?
cass thought bud looked out of place in his lightweight sweater , cotton slacks and loafers .
cass noticed bud assessing the crowd .
a man of about fifty , gnarled as an oak , approached cass and bud .
bud guided cass by the arm as they walked down the stairs and toward the baggage claim area .
next thing you know they 'll have a paging system more complex than the desk clerk yelling , ' hey , anybody here named bud ? ' ''
` ` big state , bud .
the side of bud 's plate was piled with little sweet pickles .
she had never spoken about these events to anyone outside of her parents , yet the words came easily in the presence of bud .
` ` we have to go there , '' cass said to bud .
cass and bud looked at each other , and neither said anything about having seen oscar out near the airport .
` ` make yourself at home , '' she said to bud .
she lifted it up and said to bud , i never knew she wanted to go on a cruise , let alone to alaska .
she set it down , went to bud and sat on the fleecy rug beside him , her chin on his knee .
the house shielded her and bud from the deep cold outside .
she was surprised and pleased that bud recognized how perfectly the welded metal sculpture must have fit here .
bud reached in and withdrew yet more goodies , everything from non - slip ship 's mugs for coffee to moisture - proof kitchen canisters .
cass showed bud to her room with its four - poster double bed .
the christmas bread stuck in cass 's throat as she recognized bud for the complex man he was .
chapter 11 cass and bud made their way down a corridor behind a round - hipped nurse whose shoes squeaked with every step .
` ` you ' ve got to spring me out of here , '' wilson said to cass and bud without waiting to be introduced .
` ` do n't be grumpy to bud , dad . ''
wilson 's glare of mistrust toward bud softened to a narrow - eyed look of serious scrutiny .
my friend bud seems to have a calming effect on him , though . ''
the words ' my friend bud ' sounded so odd to cass , and she wondered what she should call him .
she asked cass and bud as she drew the curtain .
cass looked at bud and he nodded .
she held a bucket while bud poured grain from a sack marked ` ` corn , oats & barley .
` ` it starts with eyebrows , '' cass said , touching bud 's frosty brow .
cass led bud on foot along a game trail .
in one bound , a silvery lynx leapt to the top of the rock formation bud had admired moments before .
chapter 12 in the middle of the night , bud lay a hand on cass 's arm and said , ` ` do you hear that ? ''
two days after christmas , they brought peggy home and bud took up residence in the guest room .
another day , bud volunteered to make an unscheduled run to the veterinarian for antibiotics .
he looked over to where bud sat in a chair , hands over his eyes .
on new year 's eve afternoon , cass drove the hay - filled truck and bud rode in the passenger seat .
she leapt onto the ground and bud followed her lead from the passenger side .
cass and bud repeated the process .
` ` you drive , bud answered .
* * * when cass and bud returned to the house , they found peggy stirring a pot of stew and wilson napping in his reclining chair .
and , dad , leave bud out of this . ''
wilson rose from his chair and motioned for bud to join him in the dining room .
leaving the coast would mean leaving bud .
cass stared from bud to her father and back to bud .
cass stared from bud to her father and back to bud .
cass lifted the chocolaty bars one by one onto a serving plate , while she saw over the counter that her father was leaning toward bud , speaking so that she could n't hear .
peggy said , ` ` cass , you and bud are welcome to share a room while you 're here . ''
in the living room , bud listened to wilson 's apparent rumination .
wilson asked bud , ` ` what 's the thing you like most about fishing ? ''
that night , cass brushed her teeth and watched from her bathroom door as bud brought his clothes and shaving kit into her room .
she left bud staring at the ceiling , eyes shut tightly , a grimace of purest anguish on his face .
then there was mrs . mary elizabeth , to whom bud was still tied out of some unfathomable motivation .
yet from the sound of bud 's voice , and the actions she could track without question , cass could see that love meant something different to bud from what had to terrence , something different from what it had meant to cass in the past .
yet from the sound of bud 's voice , and the actions she could track without question , cass could see that love meant something different to bud from what had to terrence , something different from what it had meant to cass in the past .
finally bud said , ` ` old what's - his - face really did a number on you , did n't he ? ''
in a moment bud returned , a ceramic platter in his hand .
first , she did n't know if she had unwittingly alienated bud to the point that he would retreat from her for his own protection .
now , by circumstance and choice , she and bud were geographically impossible for one another .
she turned to see bud washing the windows of his car .
` ` that gentleman , '' cass said to the clerk behind the glass , gesturing to bud .
cass got in her car and headed onto the freeway , passing bud , never glancing into her rear view mirror .
` ` i do n't want to talk to bud if he calls . ''
` ` cassie , you should talk to bud .
memories of bud haunted her especially in that room , for she envisioned him as he had been the first night they made love .
she told herself that she was not fleeing from bud the man , but from the seductively counterfeit dream of what she 'd hoped they 'd be to each other .
` ` because bud seemed happy .
you know , bud works at acting happy most of the time .
they were so different from the way cass saw bud .
and really , she gives us a lot , which she 's in a position to do because bud gives her a lot .
i was hoping you and bud ...
where s david and bud ?
he s in san diego , but hell be back to do a re - enactment with bud in the next few days .
you know , dear , said the elderly woman , buds grandma was my best friend .
she wished bud were here to share the delight of birth , until she remembered that everywhere bud went , mary elizabeth was sure to follow .
finally , bud sighed and whispered , ` ` cass ? ''
he invited bud to sit in one of his massive straight - backed chairs , chairs that must have been selected to accommodate leonard 's former - football - player frame .
then he focused on bud and smiled a knowing grin .
mary elizabeth walked out of the vault behind bud .
` ` tell bud to get himself out here now .
chapter 16 bud breathed in the crisp late april air and surveyed the scene before him .
wilson walked a quarter of the pen 's perimeter with bud , counting the calves aloud .
` ` then you 'll need this , '' a slender old cowboy with a craggy face came up to bud and handed him a water - filled three - pound coffee can .
icy water sloshed over the lip , wetting the front of bud 's shirt .
cass stole a look at bud .
her cautious glance at bud turned momentarily into a soul - searching stare .
oscar looked over and motioned for bud to come along .
one calf managed to turn his head and bite bud 's arm just above the wrist .
he threw his weight to the knee he pressed into the calf 's neck , and as the calf tried to protest , bud caught a look at the neat row of bottom teeth in the calf 's mouth .
one strapping bull calf wrestled harder than bud or oscar .
when the calf testicle was cooked , frenchy lifted the skewer to his mouth and took a bite as if to prove to bud that this was a delicacy .
he sat down next to bud and lowered his plate to the table .
no words were spoken , but cass had never felt so close to bud and so secure with her fingers locked in his .
peggy and wilson were sitting at the dining room table having coffee when cass and bud came into the house .
cass had never felt so in love with bud .
wilson 's glance went to peggy , to cass and , to cass 's surprise , bud .
on their way to the airport , suburban loaded with passengers and luggage , cass and bud make a side trip to the thieson ranch to return serving platters left over from branding .
cass pointed and bud slowed the car .
by the time the travelers were safely en route and cass and bud returned to the ranch alone , the night sky glittered with stars .
kira and the other guests were all friendly with one another , except for the three high school grads on a gap year ; the girls mostly kept to themselves with inside jokes , wandering off during tours , or wearing ear buds .
she arched her back , her body begging for more , for his touch , for his hot mouth to take a rosy bud between his lips .
she sat her plate and drink down next to his , careful not to mix them up and discover the hideous taste that would make her taste buds scream in disgust .
reluctantly he eased his clamp on her nipple , giving the turgid little bud an apologetic lick .
she bucked upward , her hands flying to his head , digging into his short hair as he circled the taut bud with his tongue .
my stomach coiled with eagerness as he stroked his thumbs over my hard buds and then cupped my br**sts .
al - dente , with just enough oil and garlic to make her taste buds sing .
drunk on the essence and taste of her , he teased the hardened bud and gently licked her throbbing center .
` ` what 'd ya say , bud ? ''
` ` you need an air conditioner , bud ?
` ` oh ... um , right ... '' he started to stand , knocked his head against a neon bud light sign and sat back down .
yer a catch , bud .
he was salty and human , the little buds on her tongue feeling the hair follicles , half a day 's growth peeking out .
her n**ples were two hot buds of desire against his palms .
he sucked the pink bud deep inside his mouth and felt his erection jump as she groaned out her pleasure .
he nipped at the swollen bud and then licked over the spot , making another moan escape her body .
his tongue ran around the outer layers of her throbbing n**ples and she tried to twist in his direction , so he 'd take the bud into his mouth .
he finally did as her body was asking him too and sucked the tightened bud into his mouth , causing a ripple of lightening to shoot all the way to her core .
he massaged her br**sts with his hands while he sucked and licked the swollen buds .
she did n't know how or when it happened but suddenly she felt the warm breeze on her nak*d br**sts a few seconds before she felt his mouth break from hers , only to take her swollen bud into his mouth .
he swiped his tongue along her moist folds and took the sensitized bud into his mouth gently sucking it .
before leaving me , he had lightly run his fingertips from the scarf across my eyes , down my neck to my nipple ; tracing feather like circles around the hardened bud .
they are dancing with mischief as he clamps his teeth lightly on my tight bud .
he slip 's his finger into the edge of my knickers and skims my tight bud of nerves lightly , sending me through the roof .
my core is twitching , the over used , overworked bud of nerves screaming for a break from such intensity , but i need one more - just one more .
he moves his head down her throat and chest and then takes one of her aching buds into his mouth , gently sucking on it .
finally , he took her hardened bud into his mouth , sucking the swollen peak deep inside the warm recesses of his mouth while swirling his tongue against it .
then , he bent his head and fastened his mouth around one aching bud , sucking it within his mouth , rubbing his tongue along the rosy peak .
he cupped their perfect weight in his hands and ran his thumbs across her tight pink buds .
she breathed a sigh of relief when the cool evening air hit her aching n**ples , then gasped in ecstasy as his mouth surrounded the tight pink bud of one , then the other .
she leaned back , giving him better access and he bent his head and took her nipple in his mouth , alternating between biting down and sliding his tongue across the pebbled pink bud .
his tongue swirled around the edges of her n**ples , wetting the area before he finally sucked each straining bud into his mouth , moving back and forth .
he pressed tightly into her body , rocking his hips , pushing up , caressing her swollen bud , while his chest teased her n**ples .
he ran his tongue along her swollen n**ples , tasting and teasing them , then pulling one at a time into his mouth , tugging on the buds with his teeth .
finally , he sucked her sensitive bud into his mouth , running his tongue against it , sending her flying over the edge .
could not think about the gentle sway of her full , unbound br**sts or the tight buds of her n**ples pressing against the stretchy cotton .
she handed her grandmother the small bouquet of buds she 'd picked out .
far as i know he did n't so much as crack a bud otherwise .
he moved his thumbs back and forth , teasing her n**ples until they were tight buds and willow was leaning into his hands , eager for more .
sucking the already tight bud into his mouth , he looked up into her face .
raising his mouth slightly , he pressed two fingers deep within her as he suckled the small bud into his mouth .
seth sucked on her swollen bud once before continuing .
he teased her n**ples into becoming hard , tight buds for him .
tugging on the tight buds the same way he had when he teased her , a jolt of pleasure zoomed straight down her body to her open p**sy .
the combination of the moisture from her finger and the cool air against the taunt bud had her once again moaning .
tracing a trail down to her breast with his tongue , he teased her nipple , allowing his teeth to lengthen and graze against the tight bud before his tongue swirled around it .
jacqueline walked into the living room and examined the red buds , gently taking one in her hand .
dozens of beautiful red buds in a crystal vase .
desire pulsed through her as his teeth scraped over the sensitive bud .
the tiny bud was tight and hard , and he licked it , enjoying the feel of it against his tongue , and her little panting responses .
he gently moved her fingers back and forth , his fingers using hers to stroke that sensitive bud .
still rubbing that little bud , he pushed in a bit more , and this time her strangled gasp made him stop .
as soon as his finger brushed over the taut bud , she jerked in reaction and he took advantage of that burst of pleasure to thrust hard .
the roses were stunning , the buds just opening , their color rich and deep .
she regarded the crushed bud in her hand .
` ` listen to this : i am tired of tears and laughter , and men that laugh and weep of what may come hereafter for men that sow to reap : i am weary of days and hours , blown buds of barren flowers , desires and dreams and powers and everything but sleep . ''
he rubbed his tongue over the bud and then sucked it between his teeth .
he ran a finger through the silken , damp flesh and teased her opening before going lower to dance over the taut bud of her clitoris .
then his mouth returned to her cl*t and he rolled his tongue in a lazy circle around the rigid bud .
he nipped and then soothed the taut bud with his tongue .
she rubbed her cl*t in a circular motion , stroking the taut , sensitive bud with one finger .
his breath stirred her pubic hair and she clenched her muscles in anticipation , her arms tugging at the tie as a desire to pull his hair , to use it to guide him to that tiny throbbing bud rose up in her .
his tongue licked at her n**ples and then he sucked them into his mouth , pulling hard on the tight buds as she braced her hands on the wall and tried not to fall down .
he wound our fingers together and lifted my arm over my head , lowering his mouth to the mound of my breast , nipping the taut bud of my nipple .
she was beautiful - her eyes were still dark with desire , her pale skin was rosy , her n**ples were tight buds against his chest and her mouth ...
he ran his tongue around her tightening bud and he felt her moan all the way to his toes .
despite his intentions not to scare her , when he realized it was a nipple in his mouth , he could n't resist closing his lips around it and flicking his tongue over the linen - covered bud .
evelinde groaned as he then shifted his hips , rubbing himself across the bud of her excitement as his hand moved back to her breast .
cilla 's got this husky , sexy voice that turns heads when she laughs and she orders bud light and a messy cheeseburger .
his right hand moved slowly inside the neckline , and he brushed the backs of his lean , strong fingers insistently over her nipple , back and forth , until the small bud of flesh tightened and rachel had to close her eyes at the sharp , unexpected pleasure .
he claimed her with a slick stroke across that single bud at the heart of her .
breaking the connection of his mouth on the tingling bud of flesh , guy linked his hands behind her neck , and she again came into full , too - tantalizing contact with him .
he rolled the tight bud with his tongue , grazed it with his teeth , then sucked it deep into his mouth .
` ` maybe i should switch to bud light . ''
then he swiped his tongue over the taut bud , enjoying the instant jerk of her body .
` ` bud is in there now .
i follow margie and bud to their volvo .
how katie and i were in her house , and margie and bud were watching the news and margie turned to me and said , ` ` jean enerson is changing the world .
finally he pulled up his contact list and called margie and bud .
she always said she looked forward to her days in the city , but i saw the sadness in her eyes , and the way her hands had begun to tremble , and so i was n't surprised when she told me that she and bud were moving to arizona .
he 'd called her early this morning ; she and bud had been on a plane from arizona by nine - fifteen .
now bud was at johnny 's house , waiting for the boys to come home from school .
and bud had hardly taken off his sunglasses .
margie flinched at that , edged closer to bud , who put an arm around her .
` ` but you hardly seem ... '' margie pulled away from bud , moved to stand by dorothy .
they were all here now : johnny and his twin sons ; marah , who looked glazed and nervous and could n't seem to sit still ; margie and bud .
he pinched them slightly between his thumb and index finger as he leaned down to blow a stream of hot air across the tight ruby buds .
he circled the tight bud again and again and she nearly screamed , pleasure rocketing through her .
she screamed at the first flick of his tongue over the hardened buds , pleasure and pain mingling inside of her until she was twisting violently in his arms .
she removed her ear buds .
she pul ed it out , placed the ear buds in her ears , and scrolled through the music to the recently added song section , where she discovered that gabriel had made two additions .
as he approached the two women , he took a pair of ear buds out of his ears and pressed a button on his iphone .
he began tracing an idle circle around the tightened bud , coming close to touching it , but always straying away at the last moment .
it did n't seem possible that someone had already gone to bud scott and reported that she was in violation of the no pets clause .
knowing my self - control was n't going to last , i reached a hand between us and rubbed the pad of my thumb over her swollen bud , sweeping circles around it .
with expert ease , he teased her n**ples , watching in reverence as they responded to his touch , perking into tight crimson buds .
with unparalleled care , he parted those velvety soft layers that surrounded her , seeking the bud that would take her to the highest heights of exquisite pleasure .
he traced a damp circle around the bud before finally returning to it .
if you do n't nip this in the bud , the entire town , the entire state , perhaps the country , will be overrun . ''
as his mouth found the tiny bud and he gently suckled it , he slid a finger inside her opening , testing her wetness .
she looked down at the bright , tightly coiled pink buds .
shaking my head , i smiled at him , pulled the ear buds from my ears and leaned in to kiss him softly on the tip of his nose .
his tongue circled sensitive flesh , and his teeth nipped ever so lightly , coaxing the bud to an even harder point .
little sparks of fire sizzled through her body when he thumbed the taut buds .
he circled the hard bud with those fingers , making her grind against him and the glass .
he picked up a long - necked bud that he 'd rested on the porch railing and sat himself down in the rocking chair next to sarah .
no long - necked buds for him , even if he did look like a regular guy in that t - shirt and jeans .
like she was going to drink a bud when his lordship was over there sipping scotch and being superior about his knowledge of mixology .
roy burdett lifted his long - neck bud and said , ` ` hear , hear . ''
caroline took the bud and pressed the cold bottle to her head .
the bud vase fell over .
he noticed the fallen bud vase and absently righted it , picking up the small daisy it had held .
with delicious aromas filling the air , her taste buds had already decided .
colonel mackenzie was notorious for accepting nothing less than perfection from his pilots , but at the same time they all knew that he valued his men 's lives above all else , and maintenance on the buds had to be top - notch , which was why whitey was still in me hangar long after he should have been off duty .
his eyes went back to her distended nipples , and his hands tightened on the steering wheel as he inevitably began thinking about taking those hard buds into his mouth .
her breath caught as she quickened , as he coaxed the tiny throbbing bud to flower and she gripped his shoulders and shook her head in denial at the power he had over her .
he tugged on the tight bud and swirled his tongue , then moved to the other breast .
carina gasped at the sensation as the buds tightened in anticipation .
he parted her legs and the brush teased the tight bud between her legs .
he swirled the tight bud between her legs and her knees gave out .
he swiped the tight , pulsing bud once .
northern fantasy jennifer labrecque an alaskan heat holiday novella to vicki and rhonda , anthology buds extraordinaire .
he had to nip this thing he had for amelia lambert in the bud before he wasted any more time picturing her nak*d on the king - size bed of his motor coach .
they roamed up and down the sides of his waist , then over the lightly haired planes of his broad chest until she inadvertently touched the tight buds of his n**ples .
the cart held two plates covered with metal domes , two salads , two dishes of chocolate mousse with whipped cream and shaved chocolate on top , two wine glasses , a bottle of red wine , two candles in candleholders , and a rose in a bud vase .
he slid his tongue around and then up the underside of her breast until the bud balanced precariously on the edge of his lip .
he followed it with a simple kiss and then he sucked ever so gently at the little bud until she was a sobbing mess of incoherency .
then she reached the flat of his nipple and the taut bud and she stroked her finger absently over it .
then he lowered his head until his breath blew warm over the puckered bud .
the barbell slid over my clit as he flicked it against my swollen bud over and over .
he leaned farther in to suck the tempting little bud into his mouth and winced when his groin pressed into the edge of the counter .
the old man leaned over and stage whispered , ` ` bad sex is better than no sex , bud .
trees that only last week had been nak*d and brittle seemed to have grown six inches over the span of a single , moonless night , and sometimes , if the sunlight hit a limb just so , you could see the red bud of new life stirring at the tips of the crackly brown bark .
she felt it blossom again at his words , that delicate bud of intimacy that had drawn them together last night .
the cherry tree had produced a single , perfect pink bud .
unable to stop herself , her h*ps arched as his lips captured her cl*t and sucked at the turgid bud .
raine 's taste buds protested loudly .
moonlight flooded the room as he gazed down on her , brushed her hair aside , and stroked the tender bud of her nipple so softly that she sighed and pressed herself into his palm .
the little bud had seemed sated just moments ago , but with so little effort , he awakened her all over again .
suckling , he pulled on the silken bud until it pressed against the roof of his mouth .
` ` man , '' he said , longing clear in his voice , ` ` what i would n't give for a cold bud and a baseball game on tv . ''
i could see droplets of sweat caught in the curly hairs of his chest , and his n**ples , dark buds in the dim light .
lamb's - quarters and cinquefoil were already blooming , and i could see the buds of sweet broom swelling ; another week and they 'd be in flower .
not just any roses , but red ones - a dozen perfectly formed buds .
he lowers his head and tenderly mates his tongue with mine , tracing the flesh of my lips first , and then stroking my tongue with his so deliciously , all my taste buds awaken .
he swirled one finger at her opening , gathering the moisture he found there and swept his finger over the little swollen bud .
chase dug his fingers into the cup and lifted one breast free , tweaking the rosy bud of her nipple .
he nibbled on her nipple , worrying the taut bud with his teeth , eliciting a sexy little mewl from her .
he did n't move his pinky , just left it there to let her adjust , slowing his pace and working her throbbing bud with soft , slow licks of his tongue .
he tugged the cup down and a breast popped free ; he did the same to the other side , and then began toying with the n**ples , one and then the other , pinching and rolling , flicking and cupping each breast with the taut bud caught between his middle and index fingers .
i ' m sorry , but it 's something that needed to be nipped in the bud before it became a real issue .
even through two frustrating layers of fabric , she could feel his heat as he palmed her and circled the tight bud of her nipple with his thumb , forcing it to pull even tauter .
he let his thumb wander down to her clit , stroking the stiff bud and feeling her internal muscles clench around him reflexively .
she whimpered as her fingers trailed through her wetness , careful not to brush the throbbing bud of her cl*t though it begged for attention .
she pulled her fingers from her clenching depths and slid them over her swollen bud , biting down on her lip so hard she winced .
the brush of her fingers left him and returned to working the little bud he could n't wait to kiss and tongue and suck later until she screamed .
he rolled his tongue over her clit , around it , savoring that little bud .
he moved his finger back over her bud and stroked it quickly .
he stroked her nipple with his thumb , then rolled the tight , ultrasensitive bud between his fingers .
leaning forward , he swept his tongue over her little bud .
she cried out at the exquisite torture as he tugged the tender bud with his lips , making her arch her neck .
he pressed a kiss to the tiny bud and then eased one long finger inside her p**sy .
he licked at one nipple , running his tongue slowly and leisurely across the puckered bud .
he moved higher , rubbing the slickness over her aching bud , making her squirm and beg beneath him .
he made her arch and keen as he suckled her with tongue , lips and teeth manipulating the sensitive bud with animal hunger .
edging his mouth close to her skin , his tongue was the first to make contact , circling around the hardened buds , rubbing roughly against the underside of her br**sts , his tongue lapping at every exposed inch of visible curve .
he lapped and suckled at the swollen bud , and kate groaned in torment .
her breasts grew heavy and her nipples tightened into buds .
her nipple tightened against his thumb and he brushed over the tip , bringing it to a hardened bud .
he licked one bud and she cried out , her voice hoarse and thin .
he licked from her entrance to the tight , straining bud sheltered under the hood of flesh at her apex .
if my lifemark buds again , we 're safe .
her n**ples were tight little buds , thrusting upward in silent invitation .
they did n't stick out a lot but were surprisingly round and upright , exquisitely formed , with her nipples drawn into tight , rosy buds that made his mouth water .
instead he smoothed his hand up to her breasts , cupping them , rubbing his thumb over her nipples , then bending his dark head to take the tightened buds in his mouth and gently suck .
her taste buds had adjusted immediately to the plain fare , accepting that there was little seasoning to be had .
as she imagined him doing that , her panties grew damp and her n**ples became tight buds of anticipation .
` ` it 's better for us both if we nip this in the bud and not see each other again .
her owner has a bit more control over her , and she nipped that little problem in the bud before it got out of hand . ''
jane stopped and scanned the rosebushes , then finally selected a red bud and broke it free .
they come out here and spend a couple of weekends , and it 's like ... a flower bud slowly blossoming into something beautiful .
it was victor who thought of an alternative plan and suggested it to bud .
he palmed and plumped both br**sts , then his lips closed around one rigid bud .
he plucked the tight buds and squeezed until she slumped against the wall .
her cries became frenzied as she moved close to the edge , and with one swift movement , he pressed his tongue against her hard bud while he plunged three fingers in her channel in savage demand .
he used his thumbs to roughly tweak her n**ples , scraping a nail over one tight bud .
nothing in the world could have stopped the gasp that escaped her lips at the feel of his tongue teasing its way around each bud , or his teeth tugging them gently a moment later .
he circled the dark pink bud and growled with approval when she arched against him , her fingers spreading their way across the bed to grasp at the sheets .
together they picked out one of her long - sleeved day dresses - a cream - colored creation , dotted by a pattern of tiny rose buds , and with a square neckline trimmed with a thin piece of lace .
instead of taking it in his mouth , he flicked out his tongue and licked the bud .
he slid two fingers inside her while he nibbled at the taut bud above her entrance and then began finger f**king her .
that p**sy shit you drink is way too fine for my redneck taste buds . ''
then he plucked at the other , manipulating the bud until she shook from head to toe .
the soft mound cupped in his hand , he brushed his thumb back and forth over the sensitive bud .
his lips found her nipple , and he nuzzled gently , coaxing the bud into erection .
he nipped at the bud , grazing the puckered skin with his teeth .
his mouth watered as he imagined the ripe buds on his tongue .
her n**ples were covered , and tiny droplets circled the buds .
he bent his dark head to her breast and nipped sharply at the bud , seizing it between his teeth .
` ` whoa bud .
with his arms filled with alluring softness , his nostrils filled with exotic flowers and aroused woman , his taste buds soaked in rich flavor , gerard was left with no doubt that he loved isabel more than anything .
` ` whoa saw , calm down bud .
he sucked strongly and laved the bud with his tongue .
he circled it , leaving a wet trail as he worked it into a quivering , tight bud .
she 'd begun bonding from the first moment she 'd noticed her taste buds had gone crazy - just days after conception and even before the positive pregnancy test .
he did n't delay taking what he wanted and rolling first one tight bud , then the other around on his tongue .
he pulled out inch by inch , teasing the tight bud , then lifted her thighs and plunged .
cassie reached out to snap off a fragrant stem of delicate flower buds , then stopped .
bud and blossom , leaf and tree , find him , bind him , now to me .
her br**sts bounced wildly as she mewled her pleasure and he caught a nipple between his teeth , nipping and suckling the taut , rosy bud .
straightening her spine , she stabbed the long stemmed bud back into a vase .
marianna bit the treat in half , the juicy taste of fruit and chocolate exploding over her taste buds in a near - orgasmic flood .
he circled his passion - slicked fingers around her tight bud of nerves .
the tightening bud of response echoed a thread of longing pulling tauter inside her .
then she 'd had the bud encased in glass along with a couple of tiny shells and some sand from that stretch of shoreline .
she arched off the mattress as he searched for the tiny bud of flesh between her legs , and once finding it he laved it with his tongue until it hardened and swelled twice its size .
but companies were slow to hire , and when these desperate men walked in the store , i thought of joe torrey and bud ramsey and i did what i could for them .
then he very slowly licks his tongue over my sensitive bud , all the while not moving his eyes from mine .
i push a finger inside her while i keep working on her swollen bud .
the sponge swept across first one tight bud , then the other , so lightly she was n't sure if she 'd imagined the touch or not .
with a desperate groan he removed his hand from between her thighs , dropped to his knees and palmed the small mounds , taking one sudsy bud into his hungry , hot mouth .
he traced a finger over the almost invisible eyebrows , down the downy soft cheek , to the pink bud of a mouth .
he let his tongue skim over the bud of her sex , delighting in the way she quivered .
when she heard them , she just went to bed with her ipod on and her ear buds firmly in place .
his tongue lashed at her , then he suckled the sensitive bud .
they 'll bite into these sweet little buds , and you 'll feel the burn when i tug on the chain as i force you to ride my cock . ''
cole eased the silver clamp on to her nipple , ruthlessly placing it at the base , the bud plumping and reddening .
babies , that smile of mama 's said , grow as naturally as green buds in springtime .
` ` no , '' he said , tugging insistently at the hard bud .
and melted as his fingertips swirled around and around her nipple , each circle bringing him closer to the aching bud , though he never touched it .
he swirled it first over one of her n**ples and then the other before bending his head and circling the hard buds with his tongue .
he ran a finger over the slick folds , careful not to touch the hard bud of her clit .
smiling grimly at the sound , he swirled his tongue around the little bud , using his fingers to spread her labia so that she was wide open for him .
i stroked the swollen bud softly , as i imagined logan would and moaned as pleasure rocketed through me .
he continued stroking my sensitive bud until i was writhing against his chest , balling his shirt into my fists .
i stuffed my ear buds in and cranked up my music to an ungodly level to avoid even thinking .
i kept my ear buds firmly in place to discourage any chatty strangers .
he licked his fingertips and stroked them over the ultrasensitive bud of her clitoris , drawing it out , make her gasp and arch her hips upward .
immediately , she realized that the hood had pulled back from her cl*t and every drag of her fingertip over the swollen little bud was like fire in her sex , burning down to the passage jack filled with every thrust .
the tips of her br**sts hardened at the thought of them pinching helpless , sensitive buds .
she gasped , once , twice - every time he pulled on the sensitive bud .
he twisted the hard bud , wrenching another moan out of her .
deke continued to lave her nipple , switching to the other , pushing luc 's fingers away to take the sensitive bud inside with a hard suck , a gentle bite , a flat - tongued lick , at the same moment he pressed that iron - hard ridge of flesh right against throbbing clit .
it was a race to see which of them could get his mouth around a tempting bud first .
then he swooped in , taking her hard bud in his mouth and sucking , and shoved two fingers inside her weeping entrance .
luc fingered her needy little bud again .
he drowned out her protest by laving her nipple with his tongue in a teasing glide , prodding the hard bud with his thumb .
immediately , heat assailed her , and the little bud tightened almost painfully .
with one hand at the small of her back , the other cradled her breast , and he brought the little bud to his mouth .
` ` hunter ... '' leaning in , hunter hovered his mouth over her clit , his hot breath hitting the sensitive bud .
and just to ensure her assent , he swiped his thumb across her needy little bud once , then again , ever so slowly .
she groaned once , then again when his finger circled her needy bud .
his large , deft fingers skimmed her cl*t again , circling the little bud in an unpredictable rhythm that had her gasping .
he soaked the reddening bud in his mouth , dragging his tongue over the hard tip .
need driving him , logan settled his fingers over her clit , thrilled to feel the bud so hard and swollen .
he did n't hesitate for an instant before settling his mouth over her p**sy again and swiping his tongue underneath her clit , then over it , laving the little bud with almost more friction than she could take .
he covered the little bud with his hand , pinched it with his fingers .
his words alone made her shiver , but when he closed his lips over the hard bud of her nipple , she cried out and arched toward him .
when his teeth nipped at the sensitive bud , her body jolted with sensation .
he settled his left hand over her cl*t again , swiped her fingers across the little bud .
suddenly , he tore his mouth away and fastened it over the throbbing little bud .
he parted the delicate object at the tiny hinge , then settled it around her nipple , tightening the thin wire beneath until it encompassed the little taut bud securely .
her little gasps and groans told logan those pretty little buds were all f**king kinds of sensitive - and the knowledge had him so damn hard .
he shoved the vibrator in another quarter inch and pulled it right against the front wall of her p**sy , so it pulsated against that sensitive spot behind her clit , even as the exterior wings feathered over the screaming little bud .
then he gave her a firm stroke of the little bud , concentrating on the hard tip that peeked out .
the hard tips brushed his lips , and caleb 's gaze scolded her for rushing him , but he licked one of the tender buds .
wondering if she meant that or merely said what she thought he wanted to hear , jason massaged her cl*t again , more circular motions that hardened the little bud and had her bucking closer for more .
would you like ear buds with music to help you concentrate ? ''
then he took the other tight pink bud between his lips and laved her before sucking deep .
` ` thorpe , do n't ... you can't- '' he cut her off by working her cl*t expertly with two fingers devastating either side of the little bud , then alternately rubbing extra friction on top .
with her free hand , she tweaked her n**ples , imagining that sean 's fingers plucked the sensitive buds , his hot breath falling in her ear as he told her that she looked seductive while thorpe ate her into a frenzy and swallowed her down .
she jolted , her back arching , her fingers rubbing frantic circles on the pulsing bud between her legs .
in front of callie , sean gripped the ear buds and flipped through the ipod 's playlists .
after gently fitting the bud back in her ear , sean affixed the ipod , attached to the armband he also used during his trips to the gym , around her delicate biceps .
this time , he turned it on end , dragging an uneven edge back and forth across the sensitive bud .
with the other , he dislodged one of her ear buds .
sean nodded , then removed the ear buds and cupped her face in his hands .
her toe tapped anxiously , or maybe she was listening to music through a set of ear buds .
he glanced down and noticed her n**ples had tightened into tiny buds of desire , which meant this exercise was good for her , too .
the single red rose in a bud vase had probably been a flourish added by the hotel staff and not colin .
` ` you 're our yacht , bud .
his mouth closes over my ultra - sensitive bud and he sucks .
only yesterday , jillie had been a pudgy girl with gaps in her teeth who could spend an entire afternoon staring at an apple bud , waiting for it to blossom .
he sucked her cl*t between his lips , pulling and scraping the bud with his teeth .
hammer turned his attention to her other nipple , leaving the first hard bud aching and clinging to the fabric .
with a grin , liam bent to her breast and licked one nipple with a teasing flick , then sucked the bud deep into his mouth .
liam whispered right over the bud .
liam rubbed the pad of his thumb directly over her sensitive little bud , and she saw stars .
he experimented a little , pinching her flesh in a way that caused her piercing to rub perfectly against her clit , and then began to lick again , flicking and caressing at that sensitive bud of flesh .
` ` oh , my ... '' he ran his tongue over her nipple , loving the hard bud and sweet taste , sucking hard enough to make a noise .
` ` talk some sense into your mom , will ya , bud ? ''
` ` when 's your birthday , bud ? ''
yeah , a pretty pink bud , rosy tipped ... sweet heaven .
returning to the vase , he tugged free a long stalk with indigo buds and explored the length of her arm , then one finger at a time .
his words raspy , his face intense , he skimmed the bud across her stomach , lower .
she clawed at his shoulders , drawing him up , but he stopped , teasing the tight nipple the way he 'd licked and laved the tight bud of nerves .
she rubbed her foot along the back of his calf , opening her legs wider for the press of his erection against the tight bud of nerves already flaming to life .
he sought , found , the tight bud between her legs .
he circled that little bud , felt it stiffen and come erect .
she had to nip this story in the bud today , and that meant speaking with noah now .
he bent and lowered his mouth to one rosy bud .
lowering his head , he sucked the puckered flesh on her breast into his mouth , gently clamping his teeth down , rubbing the hard skin lightly before releasing one pink bud and moving to the opposite side .
rafe slid two fingers inside her heat and began pumping his fingers while his thumb moved in a circular motion over her swollen pink bud .
wetness flooded the area , making it easy for her finger to circle the aching bud where so many nerve endings converged .
rafe moved his hand down , his thumb circling her swollen pink bud as he picked up speed and thrust quickly in and out .
when his mouth finally captured her tight pink bud , her back arched into the air , her body straining against his as he devoured her skin .
as he sucked the pink bud deeply into his mouth while rocking against her , her body tightened .
they were painfully hard as he circled the tight buds before pinching them and drawing another cry from her .
his lips closed over the tight bud and she felt him suck hard , his tongue swirling around the swollen ni**les .
when he inserted his fingers deep inside her core at the same time as his tongue swirled over her bud , she exploded with triumphant pleasure .
he threw his leg over hers , trapping her as his mouth devoured first one aching bud , and then moving over to the other .
when his tongue descended onto her engorged bud , the pressure spiked dangerously high .
as his lips encircled her throbbing bud and his fingers pressed deeply inside her body she began to shake , her flesh throbbing as it contracted , pulsing over and over again .
she wiggled her back , trying to lead him to take her tight buds into his mouth , but he was taking his time , and no amount of whimpering seemed to have an effect on him .
she shook in his arms as his tongue lavished her nipple while his teeth scraped the swollen bud .
when he felt her body tense , he sucked harder on her swollen bud of pleasure - it was as erect as he was !
unable to take it slow any longer , he kissed her heat intimately , worshipping her beautiful folds with his hot tongue and making her cry out when he sucked her swollen bud into his mouth and swiped his tongue across it .
and he was finally fastening on one sensitive bud and taking the pink flesh into his mouth while swiping his tongue across its aching surface .
when he clamped his lips onto the pulsing bud of her womanhood , she jerked up from the bed , and the greatest pleasure of all ripped through her in wave after blissful wave .
she screamed when the first pulses slammed into her , then moaned long and deep as he sucked on her swollen bud , drawing out her pleasure in wave after wave of sensation .
each time , his finger barely brushed the tiny bundle of nerves , the bud engorged and needy .
the tiny bud pulsated and her hips rocked with every stroke of his tongue .