` ` six hundred - thousand dollars , '' matt said , drawing a sheaf of papers out of a file folder .
mia had been about to answer , but the sheaf of papers he handed her seemed to make her forget what she wanted to say .
mia pulled a large manila envelope from her bag , handed it over , then watched him draw out the sheaf of papers inside .
he pulled a sheaf of leaflets out of his pocket and handed her one .
` ` sure , '' she said and handed him a sheaf of papers .
it was after five o'clock when dora came back , handing him a stapled sheaf of papers with information on it .
only one chair from the opposite row of tables was taken , occupied by a man wearing a pinstriped suit and studying a sheaf of papers he held in one hand .
he dropped the sheaf of papers to his desktop .
` ` no , '' mick said , laying the sheaf of papers on his lap .
nodding , she picked up the sheaf of papers , slid them back into the envelope her real estate agent had dropped off and then sealed it .
the older cabot quickly picked up a sheaf of papers from atop his desk and busily started leafing through them .
gabe ignored her comment , reaching into his jacket pocket and pulling out a sheaf of legal papers .
from his laptop bag , he withdrew a daunting sheaf of papers and flipped through the stack .
he actually pulled a sheaf of paper from inside his jacket and handed it to me .
' the paper certifying miss ross as a diving instructor , ' he went on , gesturing to a sheaf of documents on the table , ' is attached to various references by employers who have apparently used her services , catering for tourists at the great barrier reef .
the lawyer opened a manila folder and passed her a sheaf of documents .
as this determination shot her out of the van , nic swung around to walk towards her , a perfectly groomed cleo on her leash trotting beside him , a pink ribbon around her neck , and a pink ribbon tied around a large cellophane cone which looked suspiciously like a sheaf of flowers resting in the crook of his arm .
he smiled and stepped forward to present her with the sheaf of flowers .
fletcher was in the living room , his face darkly brooding as he stared out at the view , one hand clutching a sheaf of papers which he was slapping against his thigh .
he came at her , shaking the sheaf of papers as though they were weapon to strike her with .
* * * ` ` that wife of yours is a real hand with horses , '' sam ottowell said as he thumbed through a sheaf of receipts for ranch supplies .
to make his point , he picked up a sheaf of papers , straightened them and tucked them into a manila file folder .
he held out a sheaf of papers .
digging into his pocket , he came up with a sheaf of bills and tossed a few of them onto the table , paying not only for his and cara 's drinks , but for most of those in the bar .
instead , the tricky man had come to her home cool , detached , handed her a bloody sheaf of papers , then walked away , as calm as you please .
she did and when she unfolded the sheaf of papers inside , her heart nearly stopped .
lucas looked up from the sheaf of papers he had been staring at for an hour without really reading any of it and looked at his secretary .
reaching into the deerskin case , matthew extracted a sheaf of papers .
gesturing toward the sheaf of documents and correspondence on his desk , she added , ` ` i hope i ' m not interrupting you .
jason was seated at his desk at the opposite end of the long room , his profile turned to her , a sheaf of papers at his elbow , another in his hand .
he handed her a thick sheaf of papers .
and as dylan talked her through performing a detailed visual check of the lines that raised and controlled the sails to make sure they were n't wrapped around each other ; as he showed her how to make sure that they all had a figure - eight knot on the free end so they would n't pull through the pulleys or sheaves ; as he taught her how to determine the direction of the wind by using the indicator at the top of the mast , she was glad to be able to sink into learning mode ... rather than about - to - break - into - tears - at - any - moment mode .
alex handed her a sheaf of copies , which he 'd probably sweet - talked some intern to make for him .
then he pulled out a sheaf of papers .
a sheaf of papers or something similar .
` ` i ' m looking at the quarterlies right now , '' stark says , snatching a sheaf of papers from his desk .
` ` we really should get going , '' tanner says , then grabs a messy sheaf of papers off his desk and shoves them into a leather messenger bag .
one hand held the thick sheaf of my hair aside , and the other carved down my arm , knuckles brushing the outside of my braless breast .
harris held up a thick white envelope , which clearly contained a thick sheaf of euros , setting it on the bar near henri .
he was back up the stairs within seconds of his descent , carrying a sheaf of plastic - wrapped fabric over one arm , carrying a wide black crushed - velvet box in his other hand .
he had a sheaf of papers in his hand , and a blue editing pen in the other .
ronin sauntered into her office and handed her a rolled - up sheaf of papers .
she pulled out the sheaf of legal papers titled complaint .
sierra clutched a sheaf of papers and began .
kevin brought up his leather briefcase and pulled out a sheaf of papers .
` ` and here 's the latest on the issue you wanted to move forward with , '' quen said , pulling a sheaf of paper from the small stack .
rachel stood at the printer , head bent over a sheaf of papers .
the half of the room that is actually paying attention and not checking their cell phones , doodling notes , or chatting softly to the person nearby are looking through a sheaf of papers .
julian came into her sitting room , bearing a corkscrew and thick sheaf of pages from her printer .
` ` nate - '' ` ` do it for tash , '' he muttered , bringing his hand up to tuck a heavy sheaf of her extraordinary hair behind her ear .
his hand came up and tucked a sheaf of her heavy hair behind her ear .
she pulled out a folded lengthwise , thin sheaf of papers and set it on mike 's desk .
he also had a sheaf of papers in his hands , his eyes to them and there was something about his big guy , muscled , powerful , commanding masculinity amongst all that cream , yellow , peach and eyelet that made my mouth water .
she had a large sheaf of papers in her hands and her head was bent to them , her attention so acute on what she was reading , she did n't look his way .
he held a sheaf of papers in his hand and there were several small piles of papers fanned out on abby 's side of the bed .
veronika shrank back as miss julia showed her a sheaf of papers , all of which had tiny writing and pictures of phones or computers on them .
then , after the pudding dishes were whisked away by mrs . k , julia settled in the lounge with the children to watch a christmas dvd when douglas strolled in , holding a sheaf of typed papers that had black scrawling all over them .
noah opened a box and handed me a sheaf of papers .
in the newly cleared fields , sheaves of wheat hang from a cross , begging for dea matrona 's blessing on the harvest .
some pious soul has hung a sheaf of wheat for dea matrona .
the experience left me with a sheaf of savings bonds and little else .
the mistress of the circle wrote furiously in a sheaf of bound pages , nodding as she set up the terms .
the speaker set a sheaf of paper in her palm .
i watch the sheaf of papers as if it 's a live snake and will jump up and bite my fingers if i get too close .
rose brings me lunch and a sheaf of papers .
hart entered the chamber to see his wife sitting up in bed , a writing desk on the mattress next to her , a sheaf of papers surrounding her .
a sheaf of dark hair sprouted from his head , his tiny face screwed up , and he roared .
ian peered inside the opening , then he slid in his fingers gently inside and pulled out a rolled sheaf of papers .
a man leaned back in a chair behind a messy desk , a sheaf of papers in his hands .
mac took a large sheaf of banknotes from his pocket and laid them on the blanket .
he lifted a sheaf of legal - looking papers from his case and handed them to mac .
david shrugged , looking none too worried , and pulled out a sheaf of banknotes .
i have brought a sheaf of papers with me , which will start the process of annulment .
he spotted a ruler and a calculator , sheaves of typed pages and others decorated liberally with red pen , and not for the first time , peter wished that he lived in a place like this , a dust - filled room that smelled of books .
this was his apartment- sarah leaned with her elbows on the kitchen bar and her chin in her hands , perfect ass thrust out casually , examining a sheaf of papers .
katelyn peered into her designer tote , thumbed through a stapled sheaf of papers to a particular page , and handed the contract across the table .
after a cursory search of her living room , she realized she was going to need to conduct more than a cursory search , because there were too many sweaters , sheaves of paper , files , and packages of books on the floor .
pearl held up a sheaf of papers .
as we bumped down my eroded driveway , i picked up a rubber - banded sheaf of brochures whose cover read , ` ` herveaux and son , aaa accurate surveys . ''
when i was seated , mr . cataliades passed me a sheaf of papers , and i peered at them .
tossing the paper on the seat beside me , i pulled my sheaf of mail out of the mailbox and added it to the little pile .
off to one side , there was a table bearing two thick sheaves of paper with two plumed pens arranged between them .
barry pushed a stapled sheaf of papers across the table to me just as the waiter brought my english muffin and eggs .
the prescotts had a sheaf of corn , a bale of hay , and some ornamental squash and pumpkins arranged artfully on the front lawn .
saetan called in a thick sheaf of papers , carefully bound .
it was heavier than i would have guessed , and held a good inch - thick sheaf of papers .
he opened a folder in front of him , slid out a sheaf of papers , then passed the stack to lindsey , who sat closest to him .
ethan held up the sheaf , showing it to the gp , but unwilling to hand over the documents .
then james smiled , a very broad smile , and a sheaf of papers appeared in his hands .
one of his generals threw a sheaf of papers into the air , another who was much given to profanity let loose with a string of beauties , while a third had been yelling so long and so loud that his face was beet red and his eyes were bulging .
the next few minutes involved a general exchange of greetings , explanation of duties , then a sit - down at the adjacent round table , which began with an enormous sheaf of forms .
she waved a sheaf of papers in the air .
the instructor was pulling a sheaf of papers out of his bag .
i daresay i drank too much wine tonight as well , so it is best if i write all of this out , purge myself , then dash the whole sheaf into the fire .
she restacked the sheaf of papers and set it aside .
without answering , he pried apart the metal prongs and poured out a dozen or so sheaves of paper , all black - and - white copies of notes comprised of words clipped from magazines .
the judge shuffled aside a sheaf of papers before closing a folder .
the header on one contained her name in bold type and she withdrew a sheaf of papers .
the older man waved a sheaf of papers in the air .
she halted at the door , however , when she saw the delivery guy down on all fours , scooping up a sheaf of papers that he 'd evidently spilled to the floor when he 'd set the groceries down on the table .
a tiny side table held a messy sheaf of papers , a corked bottle of ink , and a chipped mug with several quills .
he withdrew a sheaf of papers from his coat pocket and handed it to the other man .
mr . wheaton had a sheaf of papers in his hand , and he set these down on a table before clearing his throat .
she liked the anticipation of taking either an old and falling - apart book and putting it in order or taking what was essentially a sheaf of papers and turning it into a lovely book .
the general pulled a sheaf of papers from his jacket .
the wind touched the sheaves still in the ground , setting them swaying gently , like a softly rolling wave .
a sheaf of papers sat neatly at the opposite corner of the desk , held in place by a smooth black stone .
he asks as i pull out my sheaf of papers .
agnes pulled a sheaf of papers out of her large handbag .
i pull out the big sheaf of papers .
he thrust the thin sheaf of papers at claire , but it was her daughter , brianna , who took the sheets from him and began to turn the pages , a slight frown between her reddish brows .
then he ripped the flap recklessly with his thumb , and yanked out a sheaf of photocopied pages .
roger put down the sheaf of flimsy papers he had been thumbing through , and yawned deeply , not troubling to cover his mouth .
on the battered surface of the late reverend wakefield 's desk lay a sheaf of yellowed papers , foxed and browned at the edges .
mayer bent and reached into his pack once more , this time pulling out a sheaf of foolscap pages furled into a roll and tied with ribbon .
he turned and , reaching into a leather bag he had slung over the back of the chair , withdrew a folded sheaf of papers , which he handed to grey .
left momentarily to his own devices , he dropped his bag on the floor and took out the small sheaf of letters captain griswold had handed him .
he nodded at the open box on the table before them , where a thick sheaf of letters still remained unopened , on top of the books .
opened , it contained a small sheaf of paper continentals ; a worn pouch containing the sum of one guinea , three shillings , and tuppence in coin ; a much - folded - and refolded , if he was any judge - letter ; and another , smaller , bundle , this one still tied .
he took up the rucksack he 'd brought in and dredged about in it , coming out with a folded sheaf of dog - eared papers , an inkhorn , and a couple of tattered quills .
harkness reached into his bosom and pulled out a well - stuffed wallet , from which he withdrew a careless sheaf of paper money .
frowning , he flicked through the papers , picked one , and pulled it from the sheaf , placing it facedown in front of roger , offering him the blank back side .
to ian 's surprise , denzell nodded , took a folded sheaf of papers from his bosom , and , turning , went up the step to the door of the meetinghouse .
but this ... this ... this quagmire of pettifogging details - property , bank accounts , leases , notifications ... she flicked the sheaf of sealed envelopes in her hand against her thigh with irritation .
hal grunted in response to this and took out a leather folder , from which he extracted a thin sheaf of documents .
i gasp in shock when he gathers my hair into a sheaf and wraps it around his fist in a gentle but firm grip , and then whimper in pleased surprise when he bends me over the bed , pushing me down .
it was dobson , bearing a thick sheaf of papers .
breathless , she launched herself at the sheaf of letters proffered towards her , and returned , glowing and triumphant , her failure to get ashore forgotten .
mike stood in the doorway , holding a sheaf of papers , a little taken aback to find so many people in the lounge .
she shook her head , casting down the sheaf of papers she had been flicking through and the datapad that displayed the statistics of the crucible .
the three of us each grabbed a sheaf of paper from the stack and started going through the spells trying to find something useful .
i put down my sheaf after a few minutes of study and stood up .
frank reached into his desk drawer and handed me a sheaf of papers stapled together , i saw a title typed on the cover page , physical properties of antiquarian magic , and both their names .
once we had ordered our food and drink peter pulled out a thick sheaf of paper from a small satchel he had been carrying , it looked like newsprint , old newsprint .
i picked up the sheaf of folded newsprint , the paper was yellow with age .
i carefully unfolded the sheaf , there were about twenty separate pages , i noticed someone had numbered the corners of each page .
she held up a sheaf of receipts .
loren handed buck a sheaf of business forms and a pen .
upon seeing joe , the doctor grimaced nervously and walked over to walsh , a sheaf of papers in his hand .
` ` well then , '' murmured the marshal , stretching down to the ground for his board and sheaf of papers .
jumping up from her position on the floor , jaid came towards them and thrust out a sheaf of papers .
paan reached into his tunic and produced a sheaf of folded pages .
paan unfolded the sheaf with care , smoothed the creases , passed it over to the human who wore the greatest rank , and waited while he and his deputies examined the sector generals seal laser - burned through each page , making the document official .
the room was a home office or den , bookshelves lined with paperbacks , loose sheaves of papers stuffed among them with the haphazard care of someone who loved information more than artifacts .
a structure was built into it , sided with sheaves of bark so that it blended with the tree .
i put the sheaf of papers away and swear never show them to anyone again .
as they struggled abreon found the soldiers blade , pulling i from the soldiers sheaf as the first pursuer took his weapon , standing , abreon plunging the blade in the second soldiers chest .
she searched through her sheaf of papers until she found one with a rough diagram of a man 's body already printed on it .
he produced a thin sheaf of papers .
gaent fished a small sheaf of notes from his bag .
she pointedly ignored him and handed him a sheaf of papers .
acknowledgements thanks to magherita without whom this book would nt have happened thanks to tom flood for editing and feedback thanks to kate hogan for editing and feedback thanks to anne smith for the faith thanks to phillip k. dick for inspiration thanks to peter carey for inspiration foreword sonnet 12 when i do count the clock that tells the time , and see the brave day sunk in hideous night ; when i behold the violet past prime and sable curls all silverd oer with white ; when lofty trees i see barren of leaves which erst from heat did canopy the herd , and summers green all girded up in sheaves , born on the bier with white and bristly beard ; then of thy beauty do i question make , that thou among the wastes of time must go , since sweets and beauties do themselves forsake , and die as fast as they see others grow ; and nothing gainst times scythe can make defence save breed , to brave him when he takes thee hence .
nebula jones again picked up his sheaf of papers .
* * * a couple of hours later , gef stormed into the room with the mouse in one hand and a crumpled sheaf of paper in the other .
stacked sheaves of straw served as a backrest for horatius .
horatius shifted against the sheaves of straw .
gregory sat down behind his desk , a huge block of actual wood covered in curling sheaves of pale green and brown paper .
when we got in , an aide handed us each a sheaf of papers and told us to read them .
her eyes glanced at the sheaves of paper , the framed degrees on the wall behind him and pictures of him shaking the governors hand , meeting president reagan and standing in front of the hollywood sign with a group of fifty other journalists .
she chewed slowly , her teeth broke the fresh vegetable and mashed it with saliva , and the halibut sheaves busted in fibrous folds .
the general shook his head and turned back to a sheaf of papers he was still holding .
he puts the jewel case back in the briefcase and pulls out a sheaf of leaflets .
against the achaean , achilles , i was a sheaf of wheat before the sickle .
i left my heavy bronze armor on its rack , but took my heavy sword , shield , and a full sheaf of small javelins .
arianne saw one person catch a sheaf of paper sliding down a metal slide and place it to one side .
a sheaf of paper detached itself from the printer and slid down the gutter past the window .
he went over to a desk and pulled out a sheaf of papers , signed a few and handed them to nate .
caesar lifted the prepared sheaf of wheat from the tray with his left hand and , in his right , he held a small sickle .
the flamen took the sheaf and sickle as caesar gathered the parchment and quill .
carol stood there with the sheaf of handwritten music pages of the finished requiem clasped to her chest .
anybody else , casey knew , would have to thumb through a thick sheaf of schematics before he answered .
next was material from norton , including a sheaf of fault record data - so far the only hard data they had to work with .
though he was not a particularly religious man , beenay stared at that thin sheaf of paper with something very much like reverence , and found himself thinking something very much like a prayer .
athor 77 's eyes narrowed , and he scrutinized the little sheaf of printouts lying before him on his desk as though they were maps of continents that no one had ever known existed .
she reached in , grabbed a sheaf of the parchment - like papers , rolled them , tucked them under her arm .
folimun was seated at a bench near the back of the tent , looking through a sheaf of papers .
eased himself into the offices : of the billikan bitsies factory and stared somberly at the tall man ( gaunt but with a certain faded elegance about his neat gray mustache ) who bent intently over a sheaf of papers on his desk .
hoskins had a sheaf of printouts in front of him .
said baley , looking up from a sheaf of work he had brought home with him .
r. daneel came to his desk with a sheaf of papers .
a man walked past , looked at him briefly and incuriously , then sat down in a seat facing him and buried himself in a sheaf of teleprints , crossing one leg , in its tight pink trouser leg , over the other .
seldon put the papers back together in a sheaf , restored it to the bag , and said , ` ` make several copies of all this .
he clutched his latest letter from angie and its accompanying sheaf of photocopies - biface spear points from a museum in cactus hill , virginia .
slightly to his left and below him his lawyer stood tensely , holding a sheaf of papers and speaking very rapidly to the judge .
but she turned back to the micro - tie viewer , finished off an inter - ringed series of loops , tested to be sure they were n't mutually oscillating , traced the output sheaf , and attached a plug for an eng multiplier connection .
he took the assembly , began connecting it to the newly installed eng multiplier block , running one sheaf back to a plugboard connection on the computer panel .
` ` it 's a fifty - line sheaf , single plug .
it illuminated the metered master tubes dropping from the tank 's other side , a color - coded sheaf of spaghetti that trailed down left and right to the figure under the light .
timberlake studied the life - systems telltales above the spaghetti sheaf .
he picked up a sheaf of fibers , noting the neuron tag on them and slid the sheaf into a micro - manipulator where he finished the connection to a multijack .
he picked up a sheaf of fibers , noting the neuron tag on them and slid the sheaf into a micro - manipulator where he finished the connection to a multijack .
then , and the horrible part was that he knew he was not yet fully delirious , he was back in his office and his secretary had just rushed in with a sheaf of papers like a flower in her pink - nailed hand and she was talking and talking and talking , excitedly , and he was answering and nodding , shaking his head and gesturing , pushing hold buttons on his telephones , stroking his nose , tugging his earlobe , and talking and not hearing or understanding a word that either of them was saying , not even hearing the ringing of the telephones , under whose buttons the little lights kept winking on and off , and there was a sense of urgency and a strange feeling of separation , removal , futility , while dolly reiber -- that was her name -- talked until suddenly he noted , quite academically , that she had the head of a dog and was beginning to howl ( this he was able to hear , though faintly ) , and he smiled and reached out to stroke her muzzle and she became alice - at - his - bedside .
tchung reached into the message chute behind his desk , retrieved a thick sheaf of inter - library micros and fed them into the player above the chute .
a heavyset man with a mustache walked past them , carrying a sheaf of papers .
a sheaf of centuries ago he imbued me with my duty , although there were errands in between my youth and my apotheosis .
taraza produced a sheaf of ridulian papers from beneath her robe and passed them to teg .
teg glanced through the sheaf of authorizations and vouchers taraza had left with him .
from an inner pocket waff removed the thin sheaf of ridulian crystal .
waff lifted the sheaf of papers from his lap and again read aloud : ` ` forces that we can not understand permeate our universe .
monica took out a sheaf of pictures , a good twenty of them .
he pushed a sheaf of papers across his desk .
aaron pulled out a sheaf of papers .
from her satchel she removed a sheaf of thick drawing paper , a set of charcoal pencils of different widths , some brushes and steel pens , ink , and watercolors .
his hair hung to one shoulder in a bright sheaf .
looking at that sheaf of shining hair made him miss susannah in spite of the rose 's song .
for the next half hour , the two men discussed the vector problem with frequent reference to a sheaf of output maps drawn up during the night by vandenberg 's computer division .
burton had been looking over the sheaves of paper behind the teleprinter .
the next morning , saturday , he received the sheaf of application papers from the life insurance company and tore them into pieces and threw the pieces into the wastebasket .
` ` miss jones , '' he said , a sheaf of papers in his hand .
he typed in more instructions , then walked to a print - out typewriter and began reviewing the long sheaf of green - striped sheets .
he threw more wood on the fire , sending thick sheaves of red sparks spiralling up into the dark sky , and then settled back between them .
the beards of greenery growing from the vines drooped in ratty sheaves , creating waterfalls of vegetation where once there had been a series of arched entrances .
'' just help me1 take me with you , back to england look , i ' ve got my passport , i ' ve got plenty of money ' at this point she broke off , and pulled open a drawer in the couchside table and took out of it a veritable sheaf of twenty - dollar bills ' here , you can buy the tickets i can meet you .
but there was one more folder to read , one more sheaf of notes , obviously intended for his eyes .
after a few minutes , however , a bound sheaf caught his eye .
susan tilted her head to the left and took a sheaf of her hair in her hand , like a woman who means to comb out a nest of tangles .
leaning over , holding to the saddle - horn with one hand , his long hair hanging down in a sheaf , jonas looked deeply into the ball .
laurence had a sheaf of papers in his hands , packets each sealed separately and inscribed with the other captains ' names ; he handed the orders to sipho to carry around .
` ` sit down there , please , '' he said to me , and then he collapsed at his writing table , allowing a whole sheaf of papers to fall to the floor .
he went back and shuffled through his sheaf of notes .
on a table in the hallway , impossible to miss , was a sheaf of papers with a yellow note on top .
stunned , i tried to look at the other papers in the sheaf but everything was numbers and graphs and at the end a summary i could n't understand because my brain was flying south fast and had no more room in it .
so i said nothing more but returned to my notes , while she pulled a sheaf of papers out of a gym bag and began to review them , urgently sipping her drink but not enjoying the hot liquid .
they staggered out through thick sheaves of sea grass , crawled up onto the sandy shore , and onwards just into the trees without getting up off their hands and feet .
he took out a sheaf of folded and mostly dry leaves , which he moistened with water and put into his mouth to chew .
instead she opened her briefcase and took out a sheaf of papers , which she placed upon the desk .
she picked up the sheaf of papers .
he took out a sheaf of notes in an assortment of currencies , pushed them into fat charlie 's hand .
he opened his briefcase , produced a thick sheaf of papers .
the skinny man held up a sheaf of printed pages too thick to be stapled .
bratt pointed the rolled sheaf of his schematics .
perry turned to the radioman , a freckle - faced petty officer , who looked as pale as the white sheaves of paper in his hand .
twenty years ago her father had left his wife and baby girls to chase the dream of oil and wealth in alaska , never to be heard from again - except for a sheaf of divorce papers arriving in the mail a year later .
reaching inside his flight jacket , he pulled out a folded sheaf .
its pages were thin sheaves of platinum , crudely etched with more of the hieroglyphic writing .
miyuki looked up from a sheaf of papers with a worried expression .
his aide brant wheeled into the office with a sheaf of faxes in hand .
she removed a sheaf of three papers , folded and tucked into a hidden inner pocket .
she lifted a sheaf of post - it notes .
she stood up , passed him a sheaf of papers , and headed toward the door .
` ` do any of you know why the great seal of the united states has the eagle gripping a sheaf of arrows ? ''
next he presented franklin with a sheaf of thirteen arrows tied together in leather .
he picked up a sheaf of brittle yellow pages .
heisman still had the sheaf of papers in hand .
he took her fingers and had her feel the sheaf of arrows clutched by the eagle .
chin reached and pulled up a sheaf of u.s . geological survey studies and seismographic reports from the volcano observatory .
it seemed to grow taller the closer they got , supported by gold pillars adorned with sculpted sheaves of wheat and stalks of corn , all wrapped with flowering vines .
she had completed the sheaf of paperwork and handed it to the same orderly who marched her here and locked her in the room .
the woman had a sheaf of reports in her hands as she strode stiffly toward them .
the man carried forward a sheaf of pages , each protectively sealed in mylar plastic sleeves .
painter stepped forward , pulling out a sheaf of photographs .
inside was a sheaf of drawing paper , the thick kind - the expensive kind - and a set of charcoal pencils .
one of revilar 's servants , the woman , set a small sheaf of pages on the table before father .
he wore his cape of the knights radiant and carried a sheaf of papers stuck under his arm .
he moved to the other end of the table and started going through another sheaf of papers .
khonar carefully laid down the sheaf of documents he 'd been reading .
he asked politely , holding his hand out for the sheaf of paper in the baron 's hand .
he found itagne sitting by the stove in the war - room with a sheaf of documents in his lap .
there was a light rap at the door , and vetter entered carrying a sheaf of parchments .
brador grabbed up a sheaf of reports from a nearby table , wadded them up , and jammed them into the frothing emperor 's mouth .
a crowd of officials , military and civilian , awaited their emperor , each with a sheaf of important - looking documents in his hand .
` ` the reports you wanted , uncle , '' the girl said , laying a sheaf of parchment on the table .
a drasnian ship sailed into the harbor one morning , and an agent of the drasnian intelligence service brought a sheaf of dispatches to queen porenn .
he began to leaf through his sheaf of warrants .
makova , standing at the lectern , glanced over a sheaf of notes .
dolmant was there with a sheaf of parchment on the slanted shelf before him .
king fulrach greeted each of the other kings in the formal language that seemed to be customary , and then he took his place beneath the green banner with its golden sheaf of wheat that was the emblem of sendaria .
the clerk shuffled through the sheaf of documents and said , ` ` attempted robbery .
the epitome of the victorian woman ... '' he was mumbling to himself as he flipped through sheaves of paper .
the display cases of half - built mechanisms and sheaves of notes and diagrams were even less interesting now that i had an undead to track .
i grabbed the spiritglass and the sheaf of papers next to it , startling the cat from his perch on the chair .
her foragers returned with gnarled cottonwoods , purple brush , sheaves of brown grass .
ser rodrik sat on his right hand and maester luwin to his left , armed with quills and inkpots and a sheaf of blank parchment to write down all that transpired .
ser kevan presented another sheaf of parchments to the king .
` ` these are the counts from three turns ago , '' marsh told jon , offering him a thick sheaf of papers , ` ` for comparison with our present stores .
they rode past a stable and a shuttered inn with a wheat sheaf painted on its sign .
the passages were clogged with troops : armored knights in woolen surcoats and fur cloaks , men - at - arms with spears across their shoulders , archers carrying unstrung bows and sheaves of arrows , freeriders , grooms leading warhorses .
chapter sixty the kingbreaker a pale shadow and a dark , the two conspirators came together in the quiet of the armory on the great pyramid 's second level , amongst racks of spears , sheaves of quarrels , and walls hung with trophies from forgotten battles .
the sheaf of music paper spilled to the floor .
she clutched the sheaf of sketches , shielding her dangerous new knowledge beneath the chevalier 's warm cape .
yves dozed , slumped over a sheaf of papers .
he tried to tear the sheaf in half , but it was too thick ; his hand slipped and he ripped only the first half - dozen pages .
he carried a tall sheaf of sunflowers that whipped in the wind , shedding yellow petals .
he scattered a sheaf of letters , the current prize of the king 's black cabinet , waiting to be read , many addressed by madame 's bold handwriting .
he admired the illustrations , closed the book carefully , and placed it on the shelf next to marie - josephe 's exquisite opera score , now bound in calfskin , m. boursin 's dreadful cookbook , and the sheaf of madame 's letters .
there 's a section with big rolls of silage , too , packed up to the ceiling with thin rope , and another section with huge sheaves of wheat ready to be ground into flour .
i say , frantically looking behind the sheaves and the piles of fruit baskets .
` ` rich , rich purnell , '' he said , shuffling in to the office , his arms wrapped around a sheaf disorganized papers .
there are a few notes from other resistance cells in europe , a few receipts and then a sheaf of pages in a language i do n't recognize with handwriting in the margins .
it was a sheaf of papers .
two bundles of paper slid from the sheaf .
the rest of the sheaf sparked , and disintegrated .
he quickly flips through the files , takes out a sheaf of papers from one of them .
with her other hand , lolly touched a sheaf of papers .
he picked up a text book and tore it in two , then cast the sheaves of paper up into the air like confetti at a wedding .
he throws a sheaf of official looking papers down at marys feet .
jonas lifted a sheaf of paper and paged through it .
he put a sheaf of paper on zzyks desk and pointed to things as zzyk quickly leafed through the pages .
he pulled out a sheaf of rolled material , which he handed to me .
another spider - woman off to the left nodded and began to pull sheaves of silk cloth out from the piles that had formed at the base of the loom , the entire structure of which still shook and quaked , letting out tremendous bangs every so often that were loud enough to sound like thunder .
` ` i ' m afraid to take you home , '' she says brightly , holding a sheaf of papers that i assume detail how to care for a recovering hypothermic patient .
here and there sheaves had been gathered , curing in the sun , waiting to be taken into the barns for the winter .
he laughed relaxing again , and pulled the sword from its sheaf , admiring its beauty .
he rifled through a filing cabinet or two , plucked out a few documents and sheaves of notes and then was off again .
which would you rather see , walter , paintings around the studio or sheaves of notes arguing against them ?
he reached past me and pulled out a sheaf of papers from a drawer .
he made an effort to compose himself , taking a deep breath and unnecessarily shuffling a sheaf of papers on his desk .
it could be used to curve around a rider and drag him from his horse , to cut away the legs of his mount , to simply hack at body or limbs and slice them as easily as a sheaf of hay .
then he carefully divided out a sheaf of his blossoms and laid them against the base of hershel 's stone .
you all know the rules , heres the agenda , he hands a sheaf of papers to charlie , explaining briefly how the meeting will go , that she will begin , while charlie takes the top one and passes the sheaf on .
you all know the rules , heres the agenda , he hands a sheaf of papers to charlie , explaining briefly how the meeting will go , that she will begin , while charlie takes the top one and passes the sheaf on .
roddy pushed a sheaf of papers across the table towards me .
her head was bent down as she read from a sheaf of papers .
the presidents secretary carried a sheaf of papers .
the others waited in anticipation as scott brought the relevant report to the top of his sheaf of papers .
they were still sitting in silence when steve post returned with a sheaf of papers in his hand .
as tony weaver reached his office , jane parsons , his senior personal secretary , handed him a sheaf of papers , and almost immediately followed him to his desk with his first cup of coffee of the day .
he handed me a sheaf of papers .
i laid a sheaf of lilies on the grave and went away .
briar ran into the kitchen , holding a sheaf of papers .
i have memories of grand - papa leaning over a sheaf of papers by the dim light of a candle .
there , in the wreck of the card table , lay the cylinder , broken into two equal pieces , an ancient sheaf of papers , wrapped in oilcloth , spilling out of it .
i gently pulled the sheaf of papers from the broken cylinder .
untying the knot at the top of the folded material , i revealed a sheaf of paper .
i lifted the sheaf out carefully , revealing a tight , clean script , a familiar signature and something none of us had ever expected : maurice leblanc 's second journal !
he pulled out a sheaf of papers from the bottom of a pile that were paper clipped together and tossed them at me .
jane said , handing the sheaf of papers to the cashier .
i knelt beside her , swept a sheaf of hair out of her face .
i , then without saying more nothing i piled up with the leg some straw , i crouched me above a beautiful sheaf and i taken to stare at him / it with the face leaned on the spread out anterior legs in before .
he picked up a sheaf of papers and waved it , these intelligence reports say that a full scale rebellion has broken out in tibet and xinjiang .
looking more seriously at them , he took out a sheaf of papers from his saddlebag .
she was looking over petersons shoulder at a sheaf of papers he was reading .
peterson pointed towards the sheaf of papers on the desk .
he took the sheaf of papers from his briefcase and placed them on the table .
please read through the covering document while i briefly explain what it is i m asking you to sign , he said , passing them each a sheaf of papers .
explain the young man unloaded a thick sheaf of presentation folders from his briefcase .
a sheaf of manuals and several bundles of wires hung from inside the lid of the crate .
i just got this , dominic announced , waving a sheaf of papers in his left hand .
zeke pulled the end of a sheaf of zip cuffs out of his cargo pocket , easy to grab .
murphy moved some items from one of dining chairs , putting the sheaf of papers and items of clothing on the table , adding to the general clutter .
he dashed inside the barn , came out with a sheaf of plastic .
the man coughed again , rummaged in the desk drawer , took out a sheaf of papers , sorted through them until he came to the ford mondeo , glancing at the keys , to make sure he had the right ones .
he flicked through the sheaf of a4 printed pages that she had proudly handed to him like a first former .
he tossed a sheaf of the posters up in the air , he pulled from under his whites , that floated down like giant , yellow snowflakes .
she sang to herself to the tune of the old hymn bringing in the sheaves , bringing in the things , bringing in the things , we shall come rejoicing bringing in the things .
i pulled a sheaf of intake forms from my desk .
* with his research complete , rhyllann strode back to greens old offices , clutching a sheaf of papers .
people darted about carrying sheaves of paper , desktops carried plastic trays of in , out and pending documents waiting for their owners to immerse themselves in their content .
his thoughts were interrupted when he heard the soft knock on the door and dr . calloway came in , bringing a sheaf of papers with her .
every surface had been damaged from the sheaves of papers that made up the patients charts to the walls .
the brick corner of one building was painted heinz catsup red and adorned with a stenciled banksy original in black and white - an anarchist , face half masked by a bandana , eyes ablaze , one arm frozen in the act of hurling a sheaf of wildflowers into the blank heart of londons financial district .
it contained only a sheaf of legal papers , a navel orange , a paperback book , a tin of altoids , and , as diaz had suspected , an ipod nano with earbuds attached .
the inspector pushed the small sheaf of papers across the table to him .
he pushed a sheaf of papers across the desk .
he opened the case and removed a sheaf of papers and slid them to her along with a felt - tip pen .
* * * * * detective inspector horace tipple waited expectantly while the chief prison warden at holloway consulted the logbook and a sheaf of paperwork .
the sergeant said , handing a sketch he d taken from one of several sheaves of paper on the tabletop to the inspector .
pulling a thin sheaf of folded parchment from a pocket , the blonde yanked the hood off the man in front of horace and thrust the parchment at the fellow .
i found kenton way down the far end of the chain , sitting on the porch poring over a sheaf of paperwork .
in the employee area two black men clicked away at their computers , while a white woman was wading through a sheaf of papers with a fluorescent yellow highlighter .
i dare say that we could hire some thugs he pulled a sheaf of papers out of his inside coat pocket .
i found him at the company hq , digging through a sheaf of papers .
do n't forget these , sir , i said and handed the sheaf of papers over to him .
given your family and your most interesting connections a brief nod and jones silent blonde side - kick hands a sheaf of papers to lucien .
hastily he reached for her purse and stuffed a sheaf of bills inside .
at a given signal , mitch would run forward and hand his father a laminated sheaf of papers with the words educational research printed on the front .
instead he found a sheaf of legal papers .
decker cleared his throat and opened a briefcase in front of him , removing a sheaf of computer printout .
he was holding a sheaf of computer printouts .
held up another sheaf of paper .
just handed the sheaf of bills straight to dee marie .
kowalski held still for a long moment and then dropped the bundled package and reached behind him to his hip pocket and came back with a banded sheaf of hundred - dollar bills .
he was carrying a sheaf of paper .
he told every prowl car driver to take a sheaf and give one to every hotel clerk and barman in town .
then he danced his fingers forward to b for barr and pulled out a thick sheaf of paper .
then he opened another drawer and ran his fingers back to s and took out another sheaf of paper .
bond reflected on the problem as he collected the sheaf of hundred thousand and then the sheaves of ten thousand franc notes .
bond reflected on the problem as he collected the sheaf of hundred thousand and then the sheaves of ten thousand franc notes .
after pocketing the thin sheaf of ten - mille notes , he opened a drawer and took out a light chamois leather holster and slipped it over his left shoulder so that it hung about three inches below his arm - pit .
it was when bond shovelled the great wad of notes out on to the table and the croupier busied himself with the task of counting the pinned sheaves of ten thousand franc notes , the largest denomination issued in france , that he caught a swift exchange of glances between le chiffre and the gunman standing directly behind bond .
there was a sheaf of air ministry teleprints on her desk and her first action was to transfer a digest of their contents on to a weather map and walk through the communicating door into drax 's office and pin the map to the board that hung in the angle of the wall beside the blank glass wall .
he was handing her signals from a large sheaf and giving her , routing instructions .
but that sheaf of stuff i was waving about was a circular to all our men on this job to say that the army and the navy and the air force are holding themselves ready to give full support to c.i.a .
i had a sheaf of paperwork in my hands .
the guy flipped the case open and pulled out a sheaf of papers .
opened it and took out a sheaf of papers .
lamarr leaned across and pulled the sheaf of papers back from deerfield 's place at the table .
then there was a thick sheaf of background information , army postdischarge intelligence reports , extensive for some of the women , sketchy for others , but altogether enough for a basic conclusion .
she was carrying a thick sheaf of new paperwork .
when sam returned to his office , lucille waved a sheaf of messages at him .
elizabeth opened it and removed a sheaf of typewritten papers lying loosely in a cardboard cover labeled : mr . sam roffe confidential no copies .
this one was already open , with a sheaf of coutts letterheaded paper sticking out of the top .
the senator opened an expensive leather briefcase and took out a sheaf of papers and handed them to oliver .
he retrieved a sheaf of stapled papers and handed them to paul .
apfel took out a sheaf of statements held together by an outsized paper clip .
many of the books and sheaves of ill - arranged papers were likewise on the subject of the day .
the vaulted roof resembled a sheaf of ribs , the columns like canopy supports , the mesh holding in place like a ship 's rigging .
often , settling down with a sheaf of spreadsheets could tell someone everything he needed to know without his ever leaving his desk .
he handed a stapled sheaf of pages to ambler .
the woman came around the desk , placed the file folder in front of drew , and opened it , revealing a sheaf of computer printouts .
the man did not respond ; instead hisattention was on a bound sheaf of typewritten pages , the type larger than the print nominally associatedwith legal briefs or even summonses .
diagonally above and in front of him , he saw asmall receptacle in the curved wall with whatappeared to be a sheaf of railroad schedules fannedout by disuse .
kim picked up a sheaf of computer readouts .
he reached into a briefcase at his side and took out a sheaf of papers , which he distributed to everyone .
inside were a sheaf of grainy black - and - white surveillance shots , a gallery of stas 's remaining crew , each with his name carefully written on the reverse .
he gestured to a subordinate , who handed him a sheaf of files .
he lifted the cover , revealing a clasped sheaf of some seventy - odd pages , closed it and reached over , placing it in front of david .
` ` i was given my usual thick sheaf of scissored newspaper stories , which is enough journalism for anyone in the morning , '' said the director .
the consul general crossed rapidly to the hotel desk , picked up a sheaf of stapled typewritten pages , and brought them over to bryce ogilvie .
the doctor faced us with a sheaf of notes in her hand , like she was lecturing a small group of keen students .
she had a sheaf of motor - pool paper with her .
marty opened it , clutching a sheaf of papers and a remote control to his chest .
he still carried his remote and the sheaf of papers as if they were talismans against danger .
al - hassan 's arm swept over the crowd as he held a sheaf of photos in his lean hand .
sam castilla sat at his big pine table in his shirtsleeves , steadily reading through a sheaf of hastily drafted emergency executive orders .
he held up a sheaf of papers .
he handed the police officer the sheaf of investigative authorizations fred klein had arranged for him .
look , '' he said , pulling out another sheaf of papers , his eyes automatically rivited on an indented clause on the first page , ` ` here 's another .
the corsican reached into his pocket and withdrew a many - folded sheaf of heavy paper .
` ` i hate to stop , '' said leslie , a sheaf of papers in her hand , ` ` but i agree .
but now , with a thick sheaf of documents stuffed into his dinner jacket , it was n't a good idea to return to the crowded party , where anyone might bump into him , hear them rattle , detect what he was hiding .
she was looking at the sheaf of documents distractedly ; it was clear that she was thinking of something else .
his eyes scanned the top page of the sheaf of documents , the neatly typed rows of numbers .
corky handed metcalfe a sheaf of papers .
he reached beneath his jacket and removed a folded sheaf of papers .
it was overstuffed with receipted bills from the hospital and the clinic and sheaves of efficient correspondence from the insurance provider .
and a sheaf of paperwork showing the liquidation of their life savings and the transfer by certified check of eighteen thousand dollars to an address in the bronx , to fund a reconnaissance mission to vietnam led by a man named rutter .
rattled open the drawers and came out with a sheaf of paperwork .
the result was a lot of trips to the dentist 's office , which no doubt had been miserable for the young victor hobie , but from newman 's point of view the process had left him with a thick sheaf of films of the boy 's mouth .
he was holding a sheaf of papers .
an agent in a suit hurried in with a sheaf of paper .
there was a crackling sound , and he pulled out a thin sheaf of bills - a few tens and fives and some ones .
mary anne strode out of her office with a bright face and a sheaf of papers on the various places we 'd see this afternoon .
i slid a sheaf of stiff paper out , unfolded it , and began reading , trying to force comprehension .
i said , pulling the sheaf of bills from hayden 's blanket and tossing them on top of the map .
he opened them , sighed , picked up the sheaf of bills .
through that window , over the top of a miniature corn sheaf , i could see cindy 's head of smooth black hair bent over a gift basket on the large worktable behind the counter .
a set of keys lay on the counter , along with a sheaf of money .
in the center , row upon row of trestle tables lined the hall , stacked with books , manuscripts , and sheaves of paper .
misha reached above his head , pulled a sheaf of laminated paper from a cubbyhole , and handed it to tucker .
at the heart of the package rested a thick sheaf of papers , folded in half and perfectly preserved , showing no signs of soot or decay .
bukolov lifted the sheaf of papers .
sheaves of paper had been spread across the coffee table , the sofa , in numerous piles on the floor .
abigail tore open the envelope , withdrew a sheaf of photographs .
she put down the sheaf of papers she was reading from and looked at him calmly .
she walked to the desk and picked up the neatly stacked sheaf of papers , tied with a ribbon , that lay on it .
the green grass was splattered with blood , and the fallen lay strewn among the wheat sheaves .
he wandered through the house , nodding greetings to one or two of the family 's servants , and to giulio , who was hurrying back to the bank office from somewhere , a sheaf of papers in his hand and looking , as usual , haunted by all the business he carried in his head .
once there , mario unlocked a chest and from it drew a leather document wallet from which he took a sheaf of papers .
there , among a small sheaf of other documents , was another codex page .
he pulled a thin sheaf of papers out and handed them to me .
she turned the sheaf of paper so i could see the name halfway down the page : desiree stone .
he bounded around the corner and tripped over my foot , and a sheaf of brightly colored paper flew from his hands as he toppled into a bar stool and slammed his right hip and shoulder hard off the floor .
wheat , too , sheaves of it .
he did remember him putting a sheaf of paper on danny 's bedside table .
luther opened the envelope and saw the small sheaf of money inside .
luther tipped the bag and a sheaf of money fell out , wrapped tightly in a red rubber band .
he promised to have his father 's secretary photocopy the thick sheaf of biology notes in his spiral - bound notebook .
she strode with tremendous confidence , weaving in and out of the hay sheaves until she was clear of the farms .
natalya left vikirnoff nearly unconscious beside a sheaf of hay and she approached a farmer , calming him with a mage spell and taking his blood .
natalya held on while the large bird swooped low and hopped from a hay sheaf to the ground .
as he reached for the remaining sheaf of reports , his tablet chimed with an incoming , top - clearance message .
` ` well , '' he said softly , bringing out a sheaf of papers .
mr . colton dug into his briefcase and held up a sheaf of papers .
pulling out a sheaf of papers , he flipped to the back , then glanced at the distant corner and the street sign .
that , the crowd responded to , and i watched a visiting alpha bring her a sheaf of pungent wolf 's bane .
the tremor was gone from her hands as she took up a sheaf of papers .
` ` sorry , '' he said as he extended a sheaf of papers .
` ` it 's no trouble , '' she said as she added a sheaf of spaghetti , ran her eyes down nick , then added another .
there he opened several drawers , finally extracting a sheaf of papers .
the inventor handed over a sheaf of old parchment paper , yellowed about the edges , thick and ridged , marked by hand and the assistance of a straight edge into some sort of ledger .
alexia sighed and extracted the sheaf of paper madame lefoux had given her from her reticule .
she was wearing another dark suit and was somehow holding on to a sheaf of papers , a cel phone , and a steaming mug of coffee that smel ed so good my mouth started watering .
tohrment opened the way and in the three of them went , to a parlor with as much character as a blank sheaf of parchment .
he pulled a sheaf of papers towards him with an air of bustle .
i went to the edge of the garden deliberately to look at the blue sky , this sheaf of papers dose to my breast .
` ` all right , '' i said , i picked up the sheaf of my pages , my spectacular ancient writing .
greemes , sorting the parchment sheaves back into the crate , continued muttering .
his tiny features were worried as he watched me shake a sheaf of feverfew to get the tansy off it .
her fingers closed on a smal sheaf of cards and she tugged it out triumphantly .
she pul ed a thin card from the sheaf , which was not a post - it note but the same amulet on a smal rather flimsy note card , and slapped it on the maggot - like thing .
she tried another card from the sheaf and when it just floated away - the maggots looked gooey but were n't - she gave a primal scream and ripped with both hands at the ugly things attached to her .
right next to it was a much nicer sheaf .
then he sat back , sighing heavily as if for effect or punctuation , and he reached for a sheaf of papers - rather cheap and light paper , nothing as good as parchment - and he thrust this group of papers at gregory , holding them up above the casket .
he folded the sheaf of papers and put them carefully into the breast of his coat .
this pact of duty , of service as a knight of christ , was represented in the painting by weaponry - the sheathed sword and sheaf of arrows - hanging above lazarus 's crypt , ready to be taken up in service of the new church .
with the matter settled , she tapped her sheaf of notes into a neat pile and drew the class to order .
i undid the clasp , pulled out the thick sheaf of paper , and started to read .
tanith jumped in , reading from a sheaf of papers on the table .
at last , she withdrew a sheaf of papers .
` ` do n't be ridiculous , '' sebastian said , looking up from a sheaf of curling papers .
with a withering glance at him , she walked over and lifted the lid , still carrying the sheaf of papers .
wayren fumbled in her ever - present leather satchel and pulled out a sheaf of curling papers .
wayren spoke , referring to the sheaf of notes in front of her .
wayren leaned down toward her satchel and , flipping it open , pulled out a sheaf of paper and a battered book .
one of the officers had a sheaf of laminated pages in his gloved hand , bound by a single ring clasp .
` ` yeah , '' said eph , his sheaf of airplane schematics under his arm .
charles stood in the doorway to wlodek 's study , a sheaf of papers in his hands .
orion reaches behind him and pulls out a sheaf of papers .
` ` this is what he has , '' bartie says , picking up a sheaf of papers from where they were resting on the control panel .
we all lean over the sheaf of papers bartie holds , reading along with orion 's gravelly voice .
i reach in and get my last pencil and my dwindling sheaf of paper and sit down on the deck under the stage and compose a letter .
a minute later he 's snatched a sheaf of papers from his attache .
by way of proving her value , she presented him with sheaves of drawings of possible chimaera configurations .
but instead she hands me a sheaf of documents .
he hands me a sheaf of papers , tells me i am to rest for the next two days , clean my wound every day , the sutures will dissolve .
the guard opens a binder and looks through a sheaf of papers .
` ` at last , '' prateek says ` ` i am chaudhary , '' the old man says , ignoring prateek and handing me a sheaf of papers to fill out .
( he pulls a sheaf of papers from his cloak . )
ezra undid the straps on his backpack and pulled out a sheaf of dog - eared papers held together by a blue rubber band .
mrs . dilaurentis was glued to her cell phone as if she were messaging with the president , and mr . dilaurentis kept peeking at a sheaf of legal briefs he had in his bag .
i knew that amy had sent a sheaf of her poems to a mr . thomas wentworth , the editor of a high - toned boston literary journal , and he sent them back saying that she ` ` ought not publish , '' for various reasons , chief of which was that she was a young girl of gentle birth and because of that her efforts could not possibly be up to snuff .
i think of captain locke reading out the articles of war back on the dolphin , outlining all the crimes we poor sailors might be guilty of , all of which were punishable by death , as i pull out a sheaf of papers that actually have no words written on them , just sketches of butterflies , and begin to recite .
he was sitting alone with a sheaf of papers , his fingers ink - stained .
another sheaf of papers is passed to general wellesley .
he holds a sheaf of papers before my eyes and i recognize them as goya 's .
past the man 's shoulder , jake caught a glimpse of a desk piled high with scrolls and sheaves of parchment , and shelves stacked with more books and papers .
but your account is three months in arrears , '' says old mr . kirke , looking down over his pincenez and handing me a sheaf of horrifyingly overdue bills .
workers labored amid countless acres of wheat , binding the harvest into golden sheaves .
he pulled out four yearbooks first and then a sheaf of certificates , a couple of small , dented trophies .
in answer , kramer jerks open his desk drawer hard enough to make the pens chatter and yanks out a sheaf of paper - clipped pages , which he tosses onto his desk .
he stared at me , a sheaf of papers still in his hand , making sure i knew he was busy .
beneath it was a sheaf of browning newspaper clippings .
i shoved the newspaper clippings and the photograph back into the envelope so that i did n't have to look at them , and looked at the sheaf of paperwork underneath instead .
she reached a long , unnaturally tanned arm into her bag and pulled out a sheaf of paper .
he tossed a sheaf of yellowed papers at my feet .
prissi flew in a tight circle so that she could watch her mentor look out over the non - existent audience before taking a sheaf of papers from his pocket and sticking them on a shelf under the podiums top .
swann broke out his bow and a sheaf of arrows , shucked off his life jacket and located his backpack .
he was followed closely by another man dressed in a plain tunic , but who carried a sheaf of papers and a writing instrument .
as miriam watched , a woman stepped in front of the desk with another sheaf of papers .
kyoge carefully untied the ribbon and unrolled the thick sheaf on the long table in the gallery .
he held up a thick sheaf of parchment and shouted , here are the sacred documents of lampala , which prove without a doubt that queen manapalata is our ruler !
goodpaster , get your mortars set up and start hammering that ridgeline , proximity burst , parallel sheaf .
mortars , shift right fifty meters , add ten meters , concentrated sheaf .
but in the middle of the night he woke and opened his eyes to find himself back in the seekers lair , with the seeker himself standing at a nearby table , unrolling a long collection of metal implements in a leather sheaf .
coplawyer yelled , carrying his sheaf of papers .
dripping tears on the sheaf of legal papers , coplawyer hastily signed them .
i m bundling the wheat into sheaves and placing them into stooks .
after the sheaves had dried out , chris , mason and mr . browley loaded them up in the wagon .
bushels hand reached the hilt , gradually , inch by inch ; he eased the knife from its greased sheaf .
he charged into the men , harvesting all four of them like sheaves of wheat .
chapter three the kitty still bites and that s how twitters success as a social network works with the idea of modernism , said kerou to her sheaf of slumping students .
sues list was shorter , at the same time as the little things were going on in charlottes household , franklin apparently had told shaun that his bank was advising larger account holders to tidy up their affairs , and were providing bright young things to advise them how best to do this , although apparently he had added that the said bright young things did have a sheaf of policies and other bits and bobs in front of them ( that required extra charges ) at the same time .
the gentleman shot velecent a pained expression from beneath bushy brows , as though to say , i do nt like your friend in short order , they had several sheaves of records spread before them on the table , lists of goods that were bought and sold , and the tariffs paid for their captains right to use the port .
the chieftain sprawled behind a table , some sheaves of parchment laid before him .
raas took a sheaf of papers from the envelope and arranged them in neat little piles , all the while humming ` ` people get ready '' and grinning broadly .
out of habit , his tongue extended , wrapped itself around a clump of grass , tore it loose and drew it inside his mouth , his teeth munching through the sheaf of stalks .
the gaps within the poles were filled with a loose latticework of branches tied to the poles , while sheaves of reeds and bundles of grass filled the gaps .
thirteen hundred dry - wrapped sheaves of it to be exact .
and how many sheaves could you supply ?
attesting to the industry of his students , more and more of the hunters walked about armed with falcons , a sheaf of talons tucked in at the waistband .
castellan stood on the other side and pulled a sheaf of papers out of his satchel .
the efficient lawyer lifted a thick sheaf of heavy bond paper from his desk .
when we reached uxbridge , the guy took out his wallet and produced a sheaf of banknotes .
marcia givens held a sheaf of letters in one hand and a gently burning marijuana joint in the other .
at that same moment , thorold jostled past him with a long sheaf of parchment .
the old man pulled a sheaf of paper from his robe , carefully unfolded it , and handed it across the table .
he begged himself to remain calm , to not give away what he saw because staring back from that sheaf of parchment was the image of his son , a perfect picture of dasen .
he took a deep breath and reached for a sheaf of papers on his desk .
as john unrolled the sheaf of papers , i made a point of anchoring two corners , spreading my right hand across the white surface of the paper .
i 'd looked up to see john mcrae standing there , rolling a sheaf of drawings between his palms .
she harrumphed and passed me a sheaf of pages covered with tiny print .
he thought about the sheaf of parchment in his satchel , a pile of contracts and documents from his father , destined for the tarians trade agent in callaston .
she reached back into the sheaf of photos and pulled out a half - dozen more , scattering them in front of me and causing me to hold my hand in front of my mouth as i heard a small gasp escape .
gasped the eldest of the men , and in response the younger man removed from his briefcase a sheaf of papers marked contract .
he was sifting through the sheaves in front of him when lord arian arrived unannounced .
five thousand men strong , five hundred on horseback , the kings standard , an emblazoned gold sheaf of wheat upon green cloth , flapped in the wind .
she sat down , opened the box and the passed the shadow walker a sheaf of papers .
it seemed that with each twitch and tic that heart , though green , was full and quick , for underneath the paper leaves this toad - destroying damocles was smitten with a verse : ` ` when first the trees did start to spread their roots through dust and ochre red ; when forest 's sultry canopy made green the thunder - croaking sky : when there were shapes upon the boughs that fell and walked and took up ploughs : when all this happ 'd and man was cast of ochre and the acorn mast ; it was that he first learned to gib and call this fresh - walked earth his crib to draw his words from tiers of rye , to cast a newly tearless eye on all that he surveyed : that surely he believed was made some paradise amongst the sheaves some newfound font to pen his leaves of history sublime : yet forth from this new measured time there marched a second measure grave with at its head the will to stave those of others , to cleft and beat and leave the birds of prey to greet them to the leaden clouds ; as though they found in fields of rye and ochre some new crimson dye to stain their hempen shrouds .
she took a sheet of paper from a sheaf on her desk and took a feathered quill pen .
i stood in a vast cathedral - like chamber , its walls layered in gold sheaf .
demara wore a flour dusted tunic and apron , her brown hair pulled into a tight bun with pins shaped like sheaves of wheat , the symbol of her goddess , grania .
her surcoat bore an emblem of a sheaf of wheat , the same as demara wore in her hair .
a score of peasants were already at work : gray - haired crones with stooped backs , dirt - covered men with arms like hairy tree trunks , hefty matrons , and barefoot children who spied from behind sheaves of wheat .
the wolves raced through field of grain , leaping sheaves of wheat .
the sack swords were given their name because they are so poorly equipped they have to carry their swords in potato sacks in place of sheaves .
you do know that in order for swords to be used they have to be removed from the sheaves ?
a ballista could be loaded with a sheaf of bolts that could sweep away an assault party .
on the desk large sheaves of paper were spread out across its entire surface covered with maps , technical diagrams , plans , for inventions that never saw the light of day .
throwing away filler that had been added to make the contents appear larger than they really were , he drew out a sheaf of papers .
before him lay a sheaf of papers concerning the authentication and appraisal of blown - glass statues from the hwin dynasty , but his mind was elsewhere .
the interrogator and her assistant sat nearby , each holding a sheaf of papers .
larus looked down to his sheaf and marked down tavi 's final grade - an absolutely minimum acceptable mark .
they dropped sheaves of wheat , wiped their brows .
he flicked through a sheaf of fifties , added a smaller stack of twenties , weighed them in his hand , then passed them over to shadow .
barney simpson was on his way to the front of the hospital with a sheaf of papers , and i happened to fall into step beside him .
he snatches up a sheaf of papers off the desk as he roars past , and shakes them in my face .
he closed his eyes for a few seconds and then handed me a folded sheaf of paper .
but the valley had been left behind : the cattle sold , or loaded aboard the allegiance to feed the dragons ; the pavilion roofless under the stars with its pillars sentinel over the half - grown sheaves of wheat .
and beside them , still wrapped in oilskins , a sheaf of charts annotated in an old - fashioned hand .
brennan nodded and pulled out a sheaf of bills from his jeans ' pocket .
father squid picked up a manila envelope , slipped out a sheaf of papers , and tapped them together into a neat stack .
jazz blurred out after a couple of pages , but she was pretty expert in shaking wheat from chaff , when it came to legal papers , and flipped through the thick sheaf until she found what she was looking for .
he remembered the sheaf of papers under his arm .
his chief printer entered , clutching a sheaf of proofs .
nanny picked up one of the sheaves of paper .
he handed the sheaf of music to andre , who opened it at random .
a hand like an industrial accident held together with stitches thrust a sheaf of papers towards jeremy .
` ` according to the mission notes , '' said carrot , thumbing through the sheaf of hastily written research notes that ponder had thrust into his hand just before departure .
and detritus carried a siege crossbow that three men could n't lift , and had converted it to fire a thick sheaf of arrows all at once .
after a while one hand fumbled in his doublet and brought out a sheaf of paper , and then disappeared in the direction of his belt and produced a small corked ink pot and a bundle of quills .
he sidled towards the table and , with great care , pulled the sheaf of paper from under the sleeping dwarfs head , lowering it gently on to a cushion .
' the sheaf of plenty , sire .
he picked up a sheaf of papers and brushed the plaster off them .
he drew a sheaf of papers from his tunic and peered at them , flipping through several pages .
you have brought me confirmation that our dispatch - riders have been coming back and forth steadily , '' gardner said , tapping the sheaf of papers on his desk .
four sheaves of bamboolike cane lay bound with strips of iceroot bark , the red skin of the cane glittering as it died as if it had been lacquered .
and the sheaves were too small and too loosely bound .
by sundown , he and his twin had gathered another six sheaves and perhaps a third of the branches that they would need to make the raft floor .
then they planned for the next day - how to carry the branches and sheaves to the water for assembly , how much more would need to be harvested , whether they needed to strip more bark to use for rope .
this morning she had come to derry with that fabulous hair lying over one shoulder in a bulky braid like a sheaf of copper wire .
inside the restaurant was more of the dark wallpaper and a nervous , middle - aged oriental man who greeted them with a sheaf of menus .
he handed a sheaf of legal papers to ackroyd .
now withered lay the hemlock - sheaves , and one by one with sighing sound whispering fell the beechen leaves in the wintry woodland wavering .
the top sheaf was headed ' minutes of the meeting of the sub post offices committee ' , but they looked more like hours .
moist ran downstairs and lord vetinari was indeed sitting in the blind letter office [ 2 ] with his boots on a desk , a sheaf of letters in his hand and a smile on his face .
the stalks - one could hardly call them trunks - rose smooth and round , and surprisingly thin , for about forty feet : above that , the huge plants opened into a sheaf - like development , not of branches but of leaves , leaves large as lifeboats but nearly transparent .
the big antillan held up a small sheaf of paper and tossed it onto the small writing table in front of magnus .
some of miss flitworth 's tenants followed behind him , binding the sheaves and stacking them .
yet when she stepped through the double doors and into the small glass - sided recording booth , she was seized with an attack of such overwhelming panic that she almost dropped the sheaf of xeroxed pages which rhoda called ` ` the sides . ''
poking out of the top was a sheaf of yellow fliers , announcing the daughters and sisters swing into summer picnic and concert .
he glanced up from a sheaf of papers at our approach .
when tessa returned to the sitting room with her tray , she found kay talking colin through a sheaf of printed material she had brought out of her big tote bag .
' well , he 's not failing to thrive , ' said parminder , withdrawing a slim sheaf of photocopied notes from her handbag .
it had been night in the crystal , and flagg had seen errant , gritty sheaves of snow blowing past the tiny figure working its way down the rounded wall .
having settled himself , he drew out a thick sheaf of papers , which had been distending the front of his coat , and began to discourse in great detail and speed upon the prospects of their mission .
chapter 11 an unexpected letter ` ` they ca n't possibly think i 'll sign this , '' elayne said , tossing the sheaf of papers onto the floor beside her chair .
graendal tossed it in her pack , then snatched a sheaf of papers from her bed .
beneath a sheaf of papers he found the book , dark and heavy , the cover heavily embossed leather .
she looked at the outside , pulled out a sheaf of papers and snorted .
the small sheaf is crammed with all sorts of info about the island , its history , dimensions , wildlife , plant life , natural formations .
the call came while he was going over the first sheaf of papers from the title company regarding the mendocino property .
while robert was shamefully curious to know what was in the will concerning him and jamie , he was dreading the arrival of the twins and what would be read from that sheaf of papers .
henry ward was seated , pen in hand , at a massive oak desk that stood in one corner , and he looked up with a start at their entrance , and hastily pushed whatever he had been working on under a sheaf of papers on the desk .
her eyes caught a sheaf of music laying on the organ bench .
then he began to search the chest for a sheaf of papers and finally his fingers closed around them , buried beneath his spare jerkin .
he pulled a sheaf of papers from the other pocket of his jerkin . '
winston held out the first paper from the sheaf .
he checked the sheaf of papers and yelled out the next name : ` ` tom darcy . ''
papers from the sheaf in winston 's hand were passed eagerly through the ranks .
atiba watched silently till each man had a sheaf of straw , then he intoned one last prayer .
they would also wave up the omer , ( sheaf ) of the wheat or barley harvest that they had brought .
in one of the small fields a middle aged man and a boy , probably father and son , were lifting sheaves back into stooks , after they had been blown down in last nights storm .
one of the better dressed men studied a sheaf of papers , then turned to the others .
easing it open , he saw a small sheaf of bills and other papers there so closed it again and slid it to his pocket for returning to rachel .
donahoe pushed a sheaf of papers across the table , more briefs to prepare his client for the february court appearance .
reaching inside his trouser pocket , uncle removed a sheaf of papers .
opening the drawer , he pulled out a tight sheaf of papers wrapped with a red ribbon , walked back to the table , and dropped them in front of shakespeare .
william picked the sheaf up , and was concerned to see that his hands were shaking .
the chief detective drew a sheaf of papers out of his coat pocket and handed them to jeremy , who looked at them vaguely and then passed them over to samuels , who had come to stand by his side .
foster stepped to the carriage and pulled a sheaf of papers out of a valise .
he pulled out a sheaf of nauvoo neighbor broadsides .
he pulled out a sheaf of papers and began thumbing through them , then he handed several of them to the governor .
orson spencer stood again with a sheaf of papers in his hand .
jessie went immediately to a large roll - top desk and unlocked a lower drawer , then she pulled out a sheaf of papers .
as jack entered , he paused from looking at a sheaf of papers .
sarah edmonds looked over the sheaf of papers slowly , turning her body so the light was behind her .
it held just a small sheaf of papers which he hurriedly examined in the firelight .
rose lifted a sheaf of paper wrapping and sighed .
bob interrupted my stoned soliloquy by pulling out a sheaf of xeroxed papers from his bag .
the royal zoo is closed - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the royal zoo is closed 309 the 182 a 143 and 108 of 83 in 70 he 70 to 64 was 47 his 45 sweeney 44 it 39 on 33 as 28 with 23 were 23 that 22 or 22 from 22 at 20 for 19 an 19 into 17 no 17 i 16 had 15 by 14 its 14 their 14 not 13 you 13 they 12 if 12 so 12 like 11 him 11 man 11 there 10 what 10 too 10 is 10 one 9 me 9 last 9 why 9 but 9 mass 9 them 9 through 8 she 8 was n't 8 just 8 be 8 off 7 i ' m 7 her 7 up 7 do 7 take 7 read 7 out 6 can 6 who 6 you 're 6 this 6 some 6 how 6 nothing 6 graffiti 6 said 6 it 's 6 did n't 6 when 6 could n't 6 across 5 people 5 even 5 would 5 right 5 sometimes 5 good 5 made 5 until 5 all 5 black 5 every 5 mouth 5 about 5 stared 5 here 5 always 5 these 5 enough 4 going 4 set 4 could 4 want 4 thumbprint 4 never 4 wearing 4 way 4 under 4 confucius 4 whole 4 went 4 your 4 did 4 much 4 only 4 paper 4 big 4 know 4 other 4 another 4 wanted 4 well 4 world 4 would n't 4 think 4 old 4 morning 4 dead 4 maybe 4 trees 4 then 4 thought 4 hand 4 see 4 modern 3 already 3 get 3 something 3 he 'd 3 racist 3 past 3 gave 3 after 3 any 3 wall 3 where 3 bus 3 make 3 uh 3 ones 3 seemed 3 office 3 yeah 3 meant 3 being 3 clicked 3 over 3 got 3 shot 3 time 3 human 3 closed 3 days 3 mean 3 began 3 shortcake 3 hell 3 city 3 everything 3 pants 3 have 3 dog 3 life 3 sky 3 places 3 down 3 own 3 lived 3 face 3 home 3 might 3 water 3 shadow 3 light 3 blood 3 yet 3 between 3 though 3 day 3 since 3 harem 3 mother 3 background 3 small 3 once 3 either 3 tried 3 stalled 3 around 3 first 2 opera 2 hats 2 everyone 2 resembled 2 matter 2 trenches 2 p 2 better 2 square 2 doc 2 table 2 country 2 job 2 white 2 briefcase 2 that 's 2 go 2 universe 2 thunder 2 tiger 2 age 2 sweeney 's 2 bottles 2 hope 2 today 2 pigeons 2 fire 2 hungry 2 wine 2 shoot 2 fat 2 coffee 2 lips 2 neighbor 2 bloody 2 little 2 mailboxes 2 those 2 away 2 dirty 2 metal 2 poured 2 shit 2 mouths 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 ocean 2 bed 2 neck 2 than 2 schizophrenic 2 symbol 2 piece 2 image 2 impotent 2 back 2 came 2 someone 2 do n't 2 new 2 send 2 s 2 money 2 more 2 stop 2 information 2 there 's 2 horn 2 doctor 2 upon 2 west 2 come 2 next 2 homicide 2 everywhere 2 eat 2 cat 2 against 2 flickered 2 inside 2 mind 2 except 2 quit 2 nobody 2 holes 2 carved 2 fremont 2 air 2 give 2 may 2 hall 2 different 2 jesus 2 now 2 retreated 2 far 2 makes 2 sound 2 coat 2 golden 2 crowds 2 chasm 2 such 2 guess 2 ancient 2 afraid 2 teeth 2 cry 2 has 2 dying 2 buddy 2 hotel 2 shovel 2 apple 2 events 2 fastened 2 clouds 2 searching 2 moved 2 apartment 2 shouted 2 professional 2 things 2 few 2 should 2 waiting 2 doors 2 cup 2 car 2 fingers 2 wrote 2 below 2 call 2 open 2 here 's 2 pressed 2 flog 2 alexander 2 war 2 bowl 2 cage 2 happening 2 moment 2 eyes 2 beginning 2 fires 2 hawking 2 crack 2 cold 2 had n't 2 thoughts 2 getting 2 prescription 2 gazed 2 burned 2 shrink 2 several 2 heart 2 legs 2 three 2 two 2 silence 2 each 2 screw 2 plot 2 full 2 cipher 2 however 2 considered 2 still 2 will 2 zoo 2 cause 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 moon 2 problem 2 bomb 2 sun 2 remembered 2 plum 2 free 2 hour 2 royal 2 space 2 book 2 hollywood 2 looked 2 children 2 ever 2 appeared 2 lost 2 maggy 2 wear 2 o ' 2 dollars 2 pioneer 2 guy 2 true 2 ground 2 which 2 found 2 nearly 2 cigarette 2 window 2 floor 2 ate 2 walked 2 tell 2 cockney 2 stage 2 elephants 2 street 2 been 2 name 2 door 2 buried 2 courtesy 2 glasses 2 head 2 she 'd 2 brought 2 thing 2 along 2 drop 2 stupid 2 live 1 bedrock 1 pings 1 gray 1 twenty 1 hominids 1 fuck 1 strip - mall 1 cerebrum 1 mural 1 bullhorns 1 death 1 booth 1 lies 1 loaded 1 recollected 1 blinds 1 gone 1 goddamned 1 crown 1 obey 1 stoplights 1 penalty 1 failed 1 local 1 theologians 1 fish 1 texans 1 truck 1 adders 1 suspicion 1 skateboard 1 hive 1 show 1 sufficient 1 abiding 1 breath 1 icbms 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 stigmata 1 drunk 1 artless 1 bronzed 1 matted 1 excess 1 cracks 1 commented 1 veteran 1 drugs 1 arms 1 degenerate 1 building 1 vernacular 1 waitress 1 banker 1 happy 1 green 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 feasting 1 yellow 1 dominoes 1 b 1 paralyzed 1 brim 1 vast 1 bulldozing 1 nosebleeds 1 fridge 1 escalators 1 pious 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 expression 1 wonder 1 saint 1 invented 1 learning 1 cabinet 1 sleep 1 bedrooms 1 drifted 1 both 1 sailor 1 overcome 1 transit 1 concrete 1 sloshed 1 drinking 1 couch 1 transients 1 wet 1 scribed 1 hail 1 tv 1 candles 1 third 1 premature 1 casting 1 leviathans 1 shock 1 pigeon 1 spray 1 occasion 1 afford 1 bottom 1 mortar 1 approach 1 hot 1 incidentally 1 eighteenth 1 scotch 1 safehouse 1 foreign 1 district 1 bleeding 1 sock 1 underdog 1 dens 1 late 1 foot 1 plan 1 tak 1 yolk 1 shudder 1 worker 1 pat 1 coda 1 exist 1 transformed 1 groan 1 socrates 1 necessary 1 sport 1 natural 1 pot 1 humming 1 fix 1 card 1 espresso 1 alchemy 1 cult 1 dawn 1 galactic 1 whispering 1 primordial 1 meat 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 artists 1 represented 1 plastic 1 perched 1 inherit 1 splattered 1 striding 1 hair 1 aircraft 1 sea 1 tie 1 hill 1 freeway 1 stalin 1 disjointed 1 polyphemus 1 dimness 1 noriega 1 tuned 1 turban 1 near 1 five - mile 1 he 's 1 trapped 1 action 1 polar 1 woke 1 many 1 slave 1 buxom 1 god 1 gravity 1 church 1 massacre 1 ejaculations 1 stolen 1 college 1 watching 1 shelter 1 gravy 1 wrong 1 hiss - boom - bah 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 dark 1 janitors 1 implications 1 crap 1 dirt - blacked 1 german 1 seized 1 tints 1 inspiration 1 shelling 1 fast 1 instinct 1 empathy 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ballsy 1 norma 1 ripped 1 telepathically 1 doozies 1 emaciated 1 cigarettes 1 puzzled 1 bristled 1 callous 1 neighborhoods 1 riding 1 funnels 1 syllable 1 they 'd 1 switch 1 pathos 1 j 1 knights 1 metaphysical 1 horn - rim 1 filament 1 revved 1 say 1 underdone 1 brick 1 pit 1 freaking 1 tragically 1 imprezio 1 diner 1 barn 1 kept 1 pancakes 1 length 1 woodwork 1 collective 1 understand 1 whirled 1 split 1 biological 1 passed 1 monologue 1 anxiety 1 blats 1 canvases 1 bug 1 conversation 1 apothegm 1 button 1 speculated 1 bangs 1 99 1 dusty 1 touring 1 goes 1 we 1 buildings 1 itzhak 1 bas - relief 1 testosterone - aggravated 1 dropping 1 g - string 1 soon 1 wipe 1 end 1 homeless 1 scavenging 1 limestone 1 purely 1 neatly 1 great 1 independence 1 stomachs 1 particular 1 without 1 jeff 1 pictures 1 department 1 wristwatches 1 11 1 endless 1 woman 1 sticky 1 zero 1 cells 1 ankle 1 nebula 1 chasing 1 perceive 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 jean 1 supple 1 vanity 1 cops ' 1 five - star 1 beehive 1 lenin 1 irrational 1 india 1 1788 1 d 1 stumbled 1 struggled 1 chest 1 esteemed 1 vatican 1 theological 1 child 1 comfort 1 foreigners 1 grown 1 organizations 1 pretty 1 thud 1 ammonia 1 innocent 1 bentov 1 nose 1 tripped 1 wide 1 finger 1 screamed 1 delusional 1 start 1 spattered 1 supernumerary 1 leftist 1 actually 1 sweated 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 fireman 1 obeying 1 pleasant 1 plaster 1 hiss 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 exodus 1 cap 1 diabolical 1 asteroids 1 rebuff 1 blown 1 madness 1 rats 1 peanut 1 vesuvius 1 detritus 1 bugs 1 hoof 1 sake 1 salon 1 soldiers 1 prey 1 ted 1 patterns 1 argot 1 regarding 1 ceiling 1 hoping 1 palatable 1 most 1 writers 1 roof 1 look 1 passenger 1 hometown 1 desert 1 flocks 1 misery 1 shrieking 1 topple 1 kin 1 windmilling 1 ducked 1 gelded 1 yawned 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 smashup 1 76 1 bandits 1 left 1 fact 1 seen 1 shifted 1 refer 1 vowed 1 noisy 1 sweep 1 means 1 garbage 1 utilitarian 1 thoroughly 1 recall 1 underrepresented 1 armed 1 crush 1 coffin 1 screen 1 cherub 1 atom 1 probably 1 postscript 1 slime 1 plenty 1 maze 1 fixated 1 swaggart 1 disgorged 1 fly 1 dignity 1 gum 1 less 1 vodka 1 decided 1 lovingly 1 cargo 1 skull 1 stuck 1 crashing 1 lately 1 sunrise 1 instruments 1 teeming 1 deserted 1 trey 1 circle 1 died 1 crucifix 1 science 1 mr 1 slashed 1 churches 1 worry 1 scraped 1 grew 1 millennial 1 mob 1 fizzled 1 committee 1 stretcher 1 calcified 1 whale 1 glass 1 relegated 1 wax 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 habit 1 excavated 1 chronicles 1 engine 1 hiding 1 appraising 1 brush 1 focus 1 scratch 1 begin 1 geologically 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 superstructures 1 likely 1 peeping 1 sighed 1 political 1 somebody 1 steady 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 valleys 1 i ' ve 1 france 1 salvo 1 ditch 1 escape 1 genuflect 1 handball 1 brave 1 pregnant 1 ellipses 1 sleek 1 confuses 1 manual 1 sigh 1 demolished 1 carpet 1 lovecraft 's 1 twitching 1 turnout 1 makeshift 1 follows 1 design 1 worried 1 american 1 slit 1 olives 1 wingtip 1 planted 1 occurred 1 muttered 1 parents 1 caroming 1 term 1 ash 1 university 1 what 's 1 quarantined 1 trickling 1 fueled 1 phosphorescent 1 flightless 1 chords 1 entered 1 immunized 1 discovered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 teams 1 hung 1 soft 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 kilroy 1 blared 1 washington 1 have n't 1 earnest 1 inscrutable 1 worse 1 lone 1 suckers 1 genocide 1 doctors 1 critics 1 so - called 1 muzzle 1 arizona 1 row 1 beheld 1 rippling 1 prances 1 sheaves 1 none 1 pool 1 napkins 1 is n't 1 scales 1 erratic 1 trolling 1 insurance 1 all - star 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 marker 1 early 1 fig 1 murder 1 trade 1 hurry 1 form 1 telescopically 1 morris 1 vanished 1 ribs 1 ca nt 1 continental 1 automatic 1 impatiently 1 overwhelming 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 walls 1 floe 1 hurried 1 consensus 1 tigers 1 ah 1 steeples 1 veins 1 impulse 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 dali 's 1 weekday 1 faults 1 peyote 1 universal 1 waited 1 recitation 1 best 1 paradigms 1 korean 1 aloud 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 psychotic 1 tattoos 1 biblically 1 animals 1 cortex 1 also 1 bled 1 asphalt 1 folded 1 quest 1 aboard 1 shacking 1 satchels 1 thunderheads 1 hunkered 1 albeit 1 coach 1 seahawks 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 assume 1 galleries 1 strung 1 paw 1 parameters 1 receive 1 slammed 1 starters 1 baseball 1 cut 1 papers 1 welles 1 precisely 1 easy 1 coming 1 tortoise 1 broom 1 join 1 ruined 1 authentic 1 plains 1 packed 1 likes 1 rolling 1 camera 1 safer 1 arches 1 page 1 sam 1 socket 1 estimation 1 shape 1 compulsion 1 example 1 amsterdam 1 mrs 1 north 1 violins 1 computer 1 staccato 1 convulsive 1 coagulated 1 rorschach - eats - escher 1 christ 1 high - strung 1 abyss 1 shortly 1 physicist 1 you 'll 1 spark 1 u 1 chinese 1 bulls 1 breached 1 avarice 1 imperative 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 quavered 1 globe 1 showed 1 filled 1 string 1 rustled 1 upstream 1 attraction 1 grunted 1 seabeds 1 suddenly 1 bottle 1 pakistan 1 poets 1 production 1 boiled 1 michelangelo 1 outskirts 1 flower 1 anguish 1 frown 1 throat 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 week 1 despite 1 curtain 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 israel 1 korea 1 shiny 1 alien 1 stingers 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 grabbed 1 submarine 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 ice 1 columns 1 pointed 1 chin 1 message 1 belly 1 encyclopedic 1 spent 1 magic 1 softly 1 chickens 1 taste 1 returned 1 carrier 1 portuguese 1 perhaps 1 greasy 1 gabe 1 loop - de - loops 1 self - limiting 1 trying 1 gives 1 above 1 help 1 consciousness 1 noise 1 cruel 1 wobbly 1 facts 1 obviously 1 rags 1 authoritarian 1 seal 1 studied 1 figures 1 cracked 1 lights 1 nonexistent 1 curses 1 bit 1 grasp 1 birds 1 urban 1 knew 1 swig 1 trigger 1 sure - enough 1 flounder 1 laundry 1 snakes 1 nature 1 mayfly 1 eye 1 market 1 fight 1 colossal 1 sculptors 1 blue - haired 1 mitts 1 swam 1 vomited 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 certain 1 elicits 1 barrel 1 amount 1 china 1 police 1 swooned 1 told 1 celebrity 1 blowing 1 prophecies 1 famous 1 promised 1 intervals 1 gondwanaland 1 trickled 1 indoor - outdoor 1 fine 1 heads 1 pol 1 caverns 1 chick 1 entr'acte 1 hide 1 smiling 1 w 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 thieves 1 watch 1 properly 1 presses 1 paragraphs 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 glyphs 1 empire 1 hip 1 known 1 atop 1 shotgunned 1 disaffected 1 reformed 1 unyoked 1 positively 1 squalid 1 teepee 1 ho - hum 1 curled 1 bullied 1 grief 1 palpitations 1 rituals 1 laurasia 1 salad 1 digital 1 stunned 1 house 1 sports 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 amounted 1 earth 1 outside 1 center 1 glitzy 1 knowing 1 pundits 1 print 1 breadth 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 lighted 1 calculus 1 glimpsed 1 substance 1 although 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 girl 1 wondered 1 lance 1 prestidigitation 1 heavies 1 humanity 1 agreed - upon 1 quickest 1 speaking 1 red 1 practically 1 unlaced 1 infrequent 1 might ' ve 1 apologetically 1 zen 1 ants 1 unless 1 ablaze 1 timid 1 kick 1 orchestra 1 mostly 1 slogans 1 hours 1 canvas 1 crevices 1 jacks 1 wavering 1 supercollider 1 anyway 1 proliferated 1 frozen 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 speak 1 darkness 1 cymbal 1 sad 1 gorillas 1 warned 1 tick 1 adam 's 1 painted 1 ticket 1 recesses 1 stoics 1 kudzu 1 informal 1 suits 1 typeset 1 self - styled 1 portfolio 1 high - rise 1 details 1 trademark 1 childhood 1 height 1 trundling 1 bullring 1 cappella 1 klaxon 1 bathroom 1 fleshly 1 swelling 1 memorial 1 climbed 1 russia 1 staggering 1 caught 1 grass 1 domesticated 1 oh 1 specialized 1 language 1 bag 1 carrying 1 recording 1 emotional 1 media 1 radiation 1 pick 1 nerves 1 cackled 1 somber 1 blue 1 drive 1 oscillator 1 mail 1 saved 1 somewhere 1 polyester 1 date 1 wheel - well 1 rubber 1 buy 1 wield 1 sometime 1 whips 1 mirror 1 orbit 1 outrage 1 widening 1 interrogative 1 static 1 lasted 1 coliseum 1 stand 1 fist 1 undulating 1 calling 1 brand 1 care 1 subterranean 1 heat 1 brass 1 squirming 1 map 1 reverberations 1 fujimoto 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 metropolis 1 case 1 eerie 1 predator 1 bucket 1 haze 1 bred 1 surface 1 slip 1 painters 1 sweeny 's 1 defined 1 fearless 1 complexity 1 smelling 1 brandished 1 unoccupied 1 pithy 1 animal 1 changing 1 circles 1 shins 1 cheap 1 purple 1 lowercase 1 despised 1 crawled 1 frenchman 1 clash 1 licked 1 wound 1 truly 1 grin 1 allen 1 citizens 1 seat 1 happened 1 engendered 1 lutheran 1 remnants 1 random 1 smart 1 answer 1 starbucks 1 half - expected 1 napoleon 1 butts 1 buck 's 1 sumo 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 blokes 1 surge 1 opened 1 shtick 1 added 1 rocket 1 grab 1 murky 1 hottie 1 hammering 1 couple 1 large 1 sense 1 dwarf 1 brothers 1 mystics 1 lawyers 1 hands 1 sidewalk 1 physically 1 gathered 1 helm 1 are 1 memories 1 rabbit 1 become 1 my 1 central 1 silverware 1 letter 1 smeared 1 murmuring 1 karma 1 ha - ha 1 muzak 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 plate 1 krakatoa 1 rosary 1 cousin 1 prufrock 1 sandwich 1 thinking 1 camelot 1 microwaved 1 guards 1 cockroaches 1 serenade 1 splinter 1 overpasses 1 enraged 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 crosswalk 1 hearts 1 heaven 1 tagged 1 calendars 1 work 1 psychiatric 1 downtown 1 maneuvers 1 cruisers 1 tongs 1 epoch 1 service 1 emerged 1 forever 1 plummeted 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 jimmy 1 horror 1 revollution 1 feeling 1 nubile 1 outta 1 peeled 1 nanotech 1 dumb 1 multitudinous 1 circuit 1 spectrums 1 nomenclature 1 remotely 1 pencil 1 sleepy 1 sleeve 1 amalgamation 1 transplants 1 countries 1 trumpet 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 finished 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 panic 1 customer 1 accompanied 1 flexed 1 bird 1 double 1 squeeze 1 xenophobe 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 restraint 1 spoons 1 year 1 sprawled 1 among 1 muscles 1 talon 1 soap 1 hitler 1 fawn - eyed 1 crawling 1 steerage 1 hash - house 1 proportion 1 breakfast 1 wealth 1 hovered 1 wind 1 cover 1 preference 1 knocked 1 seagulls 1 skin 1 milliseconds 1 combed 1 rain 1 preoccupation 1 interred 1 mash - allah 1 theories 1 captured 1 teacher 1 very 1 nonetheless 1 blinking 1 warrant 1 tight 1 were n't 1 became 1 dry 1 stairs 1 ledges 1 dilated 1 numbers 1 percent 1 exactly 1 smashed 1 traffic 1 stars 1 crackpot 1 dragnets 1 stuffed 1 preferably 1 curtains 1 torched 1 coverage 1 artificial 1 bear 1 drift 1 algorithm 1 ring 1 sailor 's 1 pudding 1 billion 1 sat 1 zookeeper 1 vitus 1 roadmap 1 hunk 1 tower 1 lunatic 1 cars 1 deep 1 meticulously 1 cop 1 regularity 1 bouncing 1 domes 1 quality 1 encrypted 1 food 1 often 1 raw 1 vision 1 thus 1 panicky 1 conjecture 1 warps 1 flowed 1 hundred - thousand 1 meteorites 1 antenna - twitch 1 felt 1 resonated 1 revolving 1 named 1 branches 1 smirking 1 query 1 prison 1 isosceles 1 bags 1 evolution 1 incorrectly 1 allow 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 propriety 1 dim 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 nude 1 volcanic 1 proximate 1 overrun 1 fiend 1 eaten 1 clay 1 coke 1 alarm 1 boss 1 hike 1 delicious 1 copasetic 1 dryers 1 chain 1 obsessing 1 territory 1 fumbling 1 put 1 slid 1 trash 1 catching 1 filtered 1 prehistoric 1 visited 1 chaos 1 nothing 's 1 coalition 1 motorcycle 1 beer 1 drones 1 plaza 1 exhibited 1 theoretically 1 problems 1 turbans 1 commercially 1 hysteria 1 must 1 whorls 1 needle 1 looters 1 faces 1 beans 1 pocket 1 herbal 1 faded 1 bow 1 pulled 1 shoes 1 oppy 1 astride 1 anybody 's 1 gods 1 radar 1 crackling 1 dogs 1 bum 1 boards 1 watched 1 machines 1 chanted 1 suffered 1 within 1 led 1 tongue 1 covers 1 new - wave 1 cosmic 1 somewhat 1 stream 1 off - key 1 ready 1 jellyfish 1 dope 1 trip 1 track 1 she 's 1 pills 1 because 1 tiny 1 statue 1 bank 1 decade 1 tour 1 train 1 parka 1 deflated 1 monogrammed 1 mantra 1 sideways 1 treacherous 1 asked 1 blew 1 knees 1 done 1 gaping 1 spring 1 struggle 1 iran 1 studded 1 hammer 1 triple 1 candlewick 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 cake 1 sledgehammers 1 orson 1 oblong 1 shore 1 synapses 1 scores 1 spear 1 nightmare 1 buffalo - skin 1 nor 1 wadded 1 scared 1 decency 1 wander 1 prop 1 swallowed 1 woody 1 skeletons 1 coast 1 remote 1 chromatic 1 stark 1 drying 1 apprehend 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 promises 1 fruit 1 scratched 1 darkened 1 malignant 1 further 1 masochist 's 1 dictator 's 1 sign 1 daycare 1 change 1 are n't 1 laughed 1 friggin ' 1 thirty 1 called 1 spy 1 puppets 1 lurked 1 suv 1 looming 1 bibles 1 unnatural 1 stress 1 disenfranchised 1 extinction 1 ghetto 1 flaccid 1 foamed 1 cried 1 does n't 1 shaking 1 sinister 1 speculation 1 conviction 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 onward 1 mindless 1 slavered 1 sort 1 game 1 drank 1 mariners 1 counterclockwise 1 former 1 slang 1 c 1 fantasy 1 out - sprinting 1 training 1 devolved 1 fifty 1 while 1 herd 1 cradle 1 refrigerator 1 held 1 pierced 1 slobbered 1 fiddle 1 bullet 1 shutting 1 rappers 1 heroin 1 unshakable 1 school 1 popeye 1 hoops 1 conspired 1 fell 1 pause 1 stepped 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 paint 1 wore 1 pod 1 holocaust 1 granite 1 charities 1 habitations 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 present 1 starlet 1 heavy 1 decaying 1 night 1 wherever 1 bursting 1 intellectual 1 flare 1 would - be 1 waldo 1 common 1 cockroach 1 wept 1 supposed 1 tag 1 excommunicated 1 terrorized 1 sang 1 century 1 brahma 1 spelled 1 temples 1 quiet 1 boil 1 clock 1 list 1 glowering 1 ineffably 1 glance 1 leave 1 billboards 1 irritated 1 section 1 babies 1 tunnel 1 side 1 contours 1 ax 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 social 1 completely 1 homes 1 short 1 starboard 1 recliner 1 paid 1 seventy 1 atheists 1 cinematographer 1 snore 1 gleaming 1 traces 1 stephen 1 epiphany 1 rattling 1 us 1 gulag 1 stinking 1 shop 1 butter 1 years 1 bought 1 fur 1 foundation 1 tweaking 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 hugged 1 shambles 1 repair 1 mosaics 1 counter 1 soul 1 before 1 checked 1 handwriting 1 room 1 high 1 h 1 consumed 932 .
elsie returned with a sheaf of papers .
from a bench beside the wall , my mother picked up a brief case , from which she took a roll of blue prints , and a sheaf of papers bound in a manila cover .
paterias held a sheaf of parchment in his hand .
the speaker walked over to his desk and pulled a sheaf of papers off of it .
the three of each wielded sheaves of paper and serious - looking clip - boards .
then he took a deep breath , reached in , and brought out a thick sheaf of blackened paper .
on the counter right next to the stove was a sheaf of paper with hastily scrawled writing on it .
he sat down at a writing desk , so decoratively carved that it should rather be called an escritoire , and from his paper bag removed a bottle of ink and a sheaf of paper .
charles even pulled a sheaf of official - looking papers from an inside pocket of his coat and tried to give them to maurice in the way a server would hand over a summons , but maurice slapped them away and laughed .
it was hidden behind a thinning sheaf of fog , but every moment its features became more prominent as the condensation before it faded .
he was amazed at the thin sheaf of bills within .
he hiked up his trousers , squatted and pulled out sheaves of posters .
a sheaf of gritty sand flew into my face and i recoiled from it .
bill takes the fifteen - page sheaf of manuscript over to the wood - stove and opens the door .
she was suddenly aware that her hair was now hanging over her shoulders in two thick sheaves , and that they dangled close - very close - to that drainhole .
her hair was a sheaf coiled over one shoulder .
he slipped a hand under the sheaf of her hair and pressed his fingers against the side of her neck .
it had taken her less than twenty minutes to read his first stab at it ; it had been an hour since she had taken this sheaf of twenty - one pages .
a sheaf of blue - black hair falls across his forehead .
shortly before sleep took him , he hooked himself up on one elbow , looked past the square shadow of his typewriter and the thin sheaf of manuscript beside it , and out the window .
at one end , the door to matt 's bedroom stood open , a pale sheaf of lamplight spilling out onto the orange runner .
the minutes crawled by on the waiting room clock , and at ten minutes of seven , a doctor with a sheaf of papers in one hand stepped through the door and said , ' miss norton ? '
others had broken open and spilled yellowed sheaves of paper onto the stone floor .
he brushed aside a sheaf of her blond hair and kissed her neck .
wendy lay on her side , the blankets up to her chin , a sheaf of straw - colored hair lying against her cheek .
` ` records as of twenty - two - hundred hours , '' he said formally , and picked a sheaf of reports off the desk .
you ' ve told me and you ' ve told the police that you , uh ... '' he took a stapled sheaf of papers out of the stack by his briefcase and riffled through them .
peri pushed a sheaf of dark auburn hair away from her face , which was puffed from crying .
while they giggled , nadine picked up a sheaf of oversized pages torn from an artist 's sketchbook and shuffled through those ` ` messages from the astral plane '' which had already come in .
and suddenly , as he was bending over the sheaf of manuscript to make a minor correction , the sound filled his head .
except when he looked down at the sheaf of manuscript again , he saw that he had written something there .
halleck sat at the defense table pretending to pore over a sheaf of papers .
she gestured towards the sheaf of papers foster was holding .
rob dug out the five seasons card from the sheaf of receipts in his wallet , and dialled .
ill get you some , and his secretary , desperate for any escape , scampered away clutching a sheaf of documents in both hands .
not knowing if i should agree with her , i returned to the sheaf of papers and immersed myself into sondheim 's new assignment .
occasionally , he stopped and withdrew a small sheaf of paper from his pocket , scribbling down a thought before resuming his abbreviated walk .
leafing through the bills and junk mail on the saturday morning before it , i was about to throw out a sheaf of appeals from various no doubt worthy but importunate charities when i noticed caught between them a smaller envelope that turned out to be addressed to lucy , with a french stamp .
harvey rubbed his brow and put the sword away in a sheaf carefully .
aaron pulled the sword out of it 's sheaf and looked down it wearily .
topsy once told me that she loved her brother very much but that if shepherd had been raised with even one less drop of moral rectitude , he would have become the kind of quiet man who murders prostitutes while screaming bringing in the sheaves .
he took his knife out of a sheaf on his belt .
he quickly scanned his surroundings and spotted a sheaf of papers sticking out of margarets hand bag in a green wing chair .
then i dusted off a sheaf of blank paper and found some dusty pencils and a dusty eraser , and began putting myself into the writer frame of mind .
i set up shop at my writing table and dusted off my sheaf .
white waved some dust away from his face and otto pulled a sheaf of papers from his pocket .
he pulled out a sheaf of paper and shook it matter - of - factly .
in robyn 's hand was a sheaf of papers .
edwardian made himself a sandwich and sat down at the table with a sheaf of cream - colored paper and an hb pencil .
then he handed out a sheaf of forms .
` ` i ' m not an enemy because i pay all of my taxes in cash , and i help to fight the ... um ... just a minute please ... . '' there was an expectant silence while he consulted a sheaf of fax paper -- '' commies , fascists , existentialists , '' he muttered .
he thrust the sheaf of fax paper into an empty cigarette box and grinned innocently .
naomi wanted to know more about lady fortuna , she was intrigued by the elements that were depicted on the gold minted bar , the wheel of fortune , the horn of plenty or cornucopia , gold coins , and sheaves of wheat .
the lawyer spoke again , handing him a large sheaf of papers .
he asked the lawyer , who was rifling through a sheaf of legal papers in a manila folder .
he handed mayor van deuce a sheaf of legal papers .
mcgregor shuffled through his notes for the right sheaf of paper .
the desk was long since lost beneath them , and sheaves of paper overflowed onto the floor with each new word written .
christina patted a four - inch high sheaf of paper , i have financial records from virtually every religious order in america .
unbuckling his briefcase , he drew out a sheaf of graying pulpy sheets .
imagine my surprise when i extracted a slim sheaf of gray paper , with blue - green lines that time had made almost invisibile .
i wave the thin sheaf at him .
moldy hayll kill the horses the boy told noah so noah would fit his hand in between the sheaves of hay to be sure it had stayed dry inside and felt around the outside to be sure the morning sun had dried up the moisture from the evening fog .
group by a man named glen kealey : creator god is cashing - in his ge human potato chips - off - the - old - block see brazil 's ` ` jesus , the redeemer '' aye - aye lemur bringing in the sheaves : a collection of five feathered human arrows all crunched to - get - her in a quiver , by means of the fannie mae mortgage money pulley .
the landscape i drove through was barren , it was the sky that looked alive , with sheaves of clouds moving through it quickly , as on a river .
the coroner 's report , a little sheaf of papers filled with all kinds of horrors , said that by the time the highway patrol had located the wreck , winter - hungry scavengers had gotten there first .
sullivan shakes a sheaf of papers in the air .
looking at her image she tried to arrange the fiery sheaf of her long and beautiful hair .
a sheaf of sticks clutched to her chest .
i ve read these , said regina , indicating the two stitched sheaves of lined paper which lay on her desk .
here , he said , and handed her the thin sheaf of papers by his side .
lots , he said , then opened a manila folder to reveal a sheaf of fresh statistics .
jones then walked over to his desk and was handed a sheaf of papers by his young male associate .
jones now turned back to his desk to receive another sheaf of paper from his clerk .
jones turned back to his assistant who handed him another sheaf of computer printouts .
bland ruffled through a sheaf of his lined yellow sheets , all covered with penciled calculations , rows and rows of them .
carefully unwrapping she released her father sword out from its protective sheaf and saw with satisfaction the blade shine and glow from the fires of nepta .
@ as soon as liz has gone mrs murtagh produced two sheaves of paper from her apron pocket .
she lifts the top off , gazes at the front page , lifts the sheaf of paper from its container .
inside was a sheaf of u.s . currency .
zabiewski saw to it that colling was ensconced at a desk in a tiny office and provided with a sheaf of papers listing items that the polish red cross was supposed to need , and which it was presumed that the americans could provide .
lewisohn was standing in the hallway , clutching a clipboard filled with a sheaf of forms , writing hurriedly , when colling found him .
he thumbed through the sheaf of american dollars , then said , the party thanks you , comrade krazinsky , and your comrades in milwaukee .
the grey man dramatically withdrew a sheaf of documents from the folds of his robe and began to read .
the man kept flipping through the sheaf of papers .
i puzzled over the odd name as i unrolled the sheaf of papers .
i push aside the computer printouts and regulatory filings , and take the uppermost sheaf and turn it over , exposing its blank reverse .
he opened the wallet , pulled out the sheaf of bills , folded them , and secreted them in his shirt .
liesan could nt focus his mind or eyes , and before he knew it begietan had him trussed in strong cords like a sheaf .
beorn let his hands drop , the sheaves of paper hanging perilously loose .
choosing a long trident from a tangled sheaf of weapons , he spurred his horse to pick its way toward witness .
jj sat and accepted another sheaf of papers .
there are seven maps of the netherlands , circled , highlighted , sticky - noted , and a sheaf of newspaper articles .
he set to work and his superior came into the house and sat down with a sheaf of paperwork from which he read questions , some of which seemed to min to have little relevance to the installation of the apparatus .
when the ashtray came , the young man opened his second briefcase , took out a large sheaf of papers held together in various sections with lots of paper clips .
marisa emerged from behind the cash register with a sheaf of menus and her face lit up when she saw jared .
every now and then was the crash of something breaking through the tall sheaves of wheat or monstrous weeds and a hum of movement through the dark night sky .
late afternoon , when we were home again , gwen gathered a sheaf of printed material and her clipboard .
at the end of the week captain porter came into the sixth form carrying a sheaf of papers with him , the results of the common entrance exams .
she took it , hefted it , opened the top enough to see the sheaf of folded papers it contained , closed the box , and handed it back to charlie .
like houdini finishing some grand illusion , langdon withdrew a sheaf of printed - paper .
a multi page sheaf of legal papers slipped out with another white business sized envelope tightly paper clipped to the front of them .
anyway , yesterday i picked up a sheaf of papers which surprised me a little , as my assistant had not marked them as urgent or anything .
after the waitress had gone , maggie opened her purse and took out a sheaf of folded papers .
the captain waved the patrolman into the office and accepted the sheaf of papers .
the captain searched through the sheaves of paper .
the sheaf of legal - sized sheets were stapled at the top with a blue cover sheet .
several of the archive boxes sat by his feet as he waved a sheaf of papers and indicated for tobin to prepare tea before anything further was to happen .
happily sat with his cup of tea and knowing that there was two hours to dinner russell waved the sheaf of papers at tobin again .
a rustle of papers met his searching fingers and he drew forth a sheaf of colored sheets of paper .
he got up abruptly and went into the kitchen , removed a sheaf of papers from a cabinet drawer , and returned to his perch on the footstool .
louis withdrew the folded sheaf of receipts from an inside pocket of his long , gray raincoat and placed them on the desk between them for daniel to peruse .
the colombians who would use the tankers contentswhether benzene , toluene , or etherin the process that extracted cocaine from sheaves and bundles of coca leaves .
simultaneously , bridget , carrying a sheaf of papers pressed against her chest approached the pool from down the driveway .
she took the sheaf of thousands and brushed them softly against colins back .
abner shook my hand and gave me a sheaf of papers .
blood patches dried brown against the bleached sheaves .
eyran could feel the warm rush of air against his body as he ran through the sheaves , thrilling to the feeling of speed as they passed in a blur , springing back and lashing lightly at his legs and thighs .
the field stretching out before him remained obstinately flat , no matter how fast he ran and how many sheaves he pushed past .
even if they had , their position was shielded from the passing farm track by the high wheat sheaves .
a few paces to the side , dominic could see a flattened area of wheat sheaves with dried blood patches .
dark brown against the bleached white sheaves .
use the sticks to part the sheaves .
the sheaves seemed so tall , he could hide among them and nobody would find him .
he walked ten paces into the field and crouched down , holding his breath as he hid ; the sheaves were at least a foot above his head .
a gentle breeze wafting across the field suddenly became more violent , bending the sheaves almost at a right angle .
he called to them , but his voice was lost among the wind and the wild rustling of the sheaves ... dominic woke up with a start .
but it did little to clear his thoughts : the wind playing through the treetops in his final moment of pleasure , the rustle of wheat sheaves as he brought the rock down repeatedly on the boy 's skull .
but he 'd never been there at night , felt too frightened to let the image linger , and he tried to cast his mind back to how he remembered the wheat field in daylight , running through the sheaves with the warm sun on his back .
he 'd mumbled something about a ' bright light ... not being able to see ... ' then laying flat in a wheat field , his face against the sheaves - but by that time his breathing had become too fractured , words little more than spluttered monosyllables in the gaps .
but it was n't the field by their house , it was one she did n't recognize : a wheat field , the sheaves blowing gently in the wind .
he let the report slip through his fingers , then picked up another sheaf of papers .
these , he held out a small sheaf of paper , are what i think you ve got going on here .
and the brushwood sheaf .
on the other ankle , in a leather sheaf , was a foot - long marine combat knife .
in her hand was a sheaf of paper .
she went to a file cabinet and extracted a sheaf of papers .
betty greeted us with a thick sheaf of papers to sign .
a little sheaf of plastic windows held an insurance card , expired six months ago , a picture of a teenage boy , presumably joshua , a coupon for a free sandwich at subway , and some lined pages from a tiny spiral notebook , covered with angular black writing and folded in half .
out of curiosity i pulled the sheaf of papers from my purse again .
she held up a sheaf of papers .
his boss handed him the sheaf of papers and sat back with his eyes closed while dean read .
though she had gone over her part time and time again with martin until she did not need the sheaf of instructions in her bag , she was still apprehensive .
from now on , no more , he thought to himself , as he sat by his desk in his small office drinking coffee from the communal urn and working through a sheaf of freshman english papers .
he pushed the books lying on his desk into a pile at the back and drew forward the sheaf of papers to be corrected .
smith opened a slim attache case passed to him by godfrey and drew out a sheaf of typewritten notes .
from the sheaf i pull my knife .
` ` i ' m not a monk , '' said audrey , bounding into the room with a sheaf of papers in hand .
he spared a glance at the small sheaf of maps and reports he had extracted from mr dawes earlier , but those could wait till morning , and better light .
` ` to sum up ... '' ekstrom said , leafing through his sheaf of papers .
` ` excellent , '' giannini said , taking out a large sheaf of paper from her briefcase .
jack had been consulting a page from a sheaf of xeroxed material .
through the library in hedestad he had ordered books dealing with nazism during that time , including helene loow 's doctoral dissertation , the swastika and the wasa sheaf , which dealt with the symbols adopted by the german and swedish nazis .
a sheaf of papers sat inside .
luka clicked his fingers and one of the men handed over a sheaf of papers wordlessly .
her door was open and she was seated at her desk , flipping through a sheaf of papers and frowning .
i do n't answer , and he tosses the sheaf of $ 100 bills on the bed beside me .
an exhale of sweet breath past those red lips , and then my mouth is on hers , and i ' m tasting her lips , touching my palm to her neck , beneath the coal - black sheaf of her hair , my thumb just beneath her earlobe .
ribbon spools , lace sheaves , threads of every style and width rested on huge tables groaning with scissors , needles , chalk pens , and tape measures .
he brought me a sheaf of papers that looked and felt official enough .
he smirks , snatching a sheaf of papers and letting his slate - blue eyes dart over the text .
and now , i ' m like a papyrus sheaf on the windswept delta of the nile .
claudia , his personal assistant , comes up to him with a sheaf of papers .
she picks up a sheaf .
mr . stone was leaning against the front of his desk flicking through a sheaf of papers .
he chose that moment to roll his chair back and come through into the office with a sheaf of papers in his hand .
lucien walked into his office half an hour later just as sophie deposited a sheaf of papers on his desk .
a moment late , i see yhanna coming for us with a sheaf of books in her arm .
he glanced down at the top page of the sheaf of documents he held .
morgan so honed in on the coffee , she did nt immediately notice travis surveying a sheaf of plans , sketches and materials catalogs at the kitchen table .
your friend from long ago zach he clipped the note to a neatly typed , crisply arranged sheaf of printed pages , slid the packet into a brown mailer , and addressed it to rebecca coles newman in greenville , south carolina .
she eventually returned trying to juggle her purse , three ice cream cones -- two chocolate and one vanilla -- and a sheaf of falling napkins .
and so will the house , i promise you ... a shadow crossed her face as mcgowan drew a slim sheaf of papers from under his coat .
she picked up the sheaf of papers and scanned them briefly , picking out the main points .
ric signaled for two more pints and handed over a sheaf of papers .
a matching oak coffee table graced the middle of the room , sheaves of paper arranged neatly on its top .
he tapped the sheaf of papers together and slid them back into the envelope .
he knocked over a sheaf of papers and then found his tiny cell phone .
its my turn to be tired , but i pull out a sheaf of papers i printed out at the internet caf in san francisco and study the map .
as she looked down at the sheaf of papers in her hands i almost thought jawbreaker rolled her eyes .
cynthia unzipped her case and pulled out a sheaf of papers .
she opened the glove compartment and pulled a sheaf of tissues from the box inside , to wipe her swollen nose and eyes .
he scowled and slapped the sheaf of invoices in his hand .
these are things that can not be told , but rubys sadness was turned into joy , and just as she had sown in sorrow , so did she rejoice as she gathered in her sheaves .
he walked over to the escritoire , unlocked it and pulled out a sheaf of papers .
then sebastian pulled a sheaf of papers from his desk and buried his nose in them , clearly dismissing her .
reordering the sheaves of the marriage of figaro libretto and reassembling her scattered music occupied her mind as well as her hands since the pages were n't numbered .
` ` he said in his letter that ... '' lindsey paused and rustled through a sheaf of papers , searching for the right envelope .
the moment she told me , the blood drained from my face and a sheaf of dizzying images fluttered through my mind .
` ` the committee 's in the conference room , '' she said , and handed him a sheaf of papers .
the three angels glided out of the way as his assistant handed him a sheaf of papers that required his signature .
i took a long sheaf of springy red curls in my hand , narrowing my eyes at myself .
evelyn boyle took a sheaf of papers out of her briefcase .
directly in front of him was a speaker 's table where chloe was arranging a couple of books and a sheaf of notes .
gabriel picked up her sheaf of letters and made a face .
with shaking hands , he tore open the seal and reached inside for the sheaf of papers .
he opened a folder and pulled out a sheaf of papers .
walter did n't even look up from the sheaf of papers on his desk .
at the hospital a receptionist handed avery a further sheaf of forms to complete .
she withdrew a sheaf of papers and unrolled them .
carrying bradley to one of the guest chairs in front of the desk , she started rooting in her purse with her free hand , then straightened , holding a small sheaf of papers .
and just as he 'd expected , guy unrolled a sheaf of oversize papers he 'd been carrying under his arm .
she dug in her bag and pulled out a sheaf of eight - by - ten photos , setting them down in front of me .
they that toil to sheaf and bind , then to cart with rosaline .
in one hand , she clutched a sheaf of papers .
cross was behind his desk , kicked back in his chair , a glass of wine in one hand as he read a sheaf of papers with the other .
cartwright stretched out his arm and a sheaf of papers appeared in his palm .
sabina inched closer , in her hands a sheaf of papers .
mr . weatherby gathered up his sheaf of paper and stuffed it into his brief case .
sheaves of paper were scattered across the floor like maple leaves in autumn .
it was no thicker than a sheaf of newsprint , but it was better than nothing .
he pulled his glasses out of his shirt pocket and a sheaf of papers out of his pants .
` ` of course , '' said mr . thorne , sitting back down and reaching for the sheaf of papers sitting on the table .
daniel looked up from the sheaf of papers in his hand .
he unlocked and opened a file - cabinet drawer , then withdrew a sheaf of papers and swore under his breath .
she turned the penny over , and sure enough , it had an unusual back with the words ` ` one cent '' spelled out and encircled by a crossed sheaf of wheat .
` ` keeble 's on the square with a company , '' grey interrupted , having paused to deliver a sheaf of papers to quarry 's office .
percy cast a last , apprehensive glance at quarry , who had gone puce with rage and was addressing the sheaf of papers in loudly blasphemous terms .
taking me into his private library , he shocked me by producing a sheaf of notes , signed by me in promise of payment of various gambling debts , some very large .
she reached toward a leather case that lay on the table beside the sofa , and flipped open the cover , to show a sheaf of papers .
he said nothing , though , flicking loose both ribbon and wrapping with an impatient gesture and bending his head at once over the thick sheaf of densely written sheets that emerged .
he was out on the deck , reading a sheaf of papers that felice had faxed to him ; it was remarkably easy , he 'd found , to keep abreast of things by way of phone , computer and fax .
they arrived at the marina over half an hour early , their estate agent in tow and bearing a huge sheaf of papers .
a sheaf of computer printouts were on her lap , and she was checking each item , referring occasionally to a textbook beside her .
he raised his brows at me , and pulling a small sheaf of papers from the mess on his desk , handed them across .
turning back to his own desk , he shuffled together a large sheaf of correspondence , which he deposited in front of me .
he handed me another sheaf of papers , and went out , not bothering to bow .
the governor thrust a final sheaf of documents into the fire , then stood looking bleakly after them , as they blackened and curled .
after a moment , the governor moved back to his desk , and calling me over , handed me a sheaf of official correspondence for copying , another for sorting and filing .
a sergeant , harrassed but competent , was leaning against the timbered wall of the inn , riffling through a sheaf of papers , issuing orders and eating a meat pie , simultaneously .
jamie had brought her back to their room very late , white - faced , with a sheaf of papers that she handed over to her father .
anne herself and the small sheaf of hothouse flowers laid at her feet , while his thoughts worked behind an expressionless face .
he grimaced at a large sheaf of orders and receipts he had pulled from his pocket , added jamie 's receipt to the heap , and stuffed them back into a large leather traveling wallet .
when i returned in the late afternoon , i found jamie slouched in a chair near the bedroom window with his feet propped on the table , collar undone and hair rumpled as he pored over a sheaf of scribbled papers .
i snatched the sheaf of letters from his hand , my eyes feverishly scanning the scribbled text .
` ` herr gerstmann recommended that i consult you , mother , about these documents , '' he said , unrolling the thick sheaf and flattening it beneath his palms .
then she turned her attention to the sheaf of papers , with that administrator 's trick of seeming to focus entirely on the matter at hand , while still keeping her sensitive antennae tuned to catch the faintest vibration of emergency from the far - off reaches of the hopital .
she took the sheaf of papers into her hands , riffling the tops .
while i sipped my own hot milk , mother hildegarde set aside the source of our labors , laying it on the secretary , and instead placed a loose sheaf of music manuscript on the rack of the harpsichord .
the king flicked his fingers at one of the hooded figures , who sat with pen and ink before a sheaf of papers .
ian took half a second to appraise the situation , then jerked his head in a brief nod of acceptance , making his heavy sheaf of dark hair flop into his eyes .
he had picked a sheaf of marrow - grass for a pillow , tucked the plaid around his shoulders , and lain down in the waving grass beside his men .
he handed me a thin sheaf of crudely printed papers .
i turned to the next page , and nearly dropped the whole sheaf .
i gave the sheaf back to his lordship , restraining the urge to wipe my hand on my skirt .
jamie , mr . campbell , and the naval men were sitting on stools around a table inside one hut , sharing something from a bottle and poking at a sheaf of papers on the table .
martin leaned beaming across the counter , holding out a thin sheaf of letters .
i must have made some involuntary movement , for the cloth slipped suddenly to the ground , spilling out the sheaf of white - streaked hair to which a small silver ornament still clung .
his hair , normally a thick , stubborn sheaf of soft brown , was now slicked straight back on the sides of his head with some kind of grease .
he bore a sheaf of stiff paper like a salver and was followed by rupert and the immaculate ned gowan , bringing up the rear like royal equerries .
` ` i daresay you could , '' i said , fingering a thick sheaf of hair out of my eyes .
he turned over the sheaf of papers on his desk with a slow , deliberate forefinger .
though if the priest wishes to write letters to various of his acquaintance '' -he gestured at the sheaf of papers- '' i will undertake to see them promptly delivered . ''
roger eased himself down onto a sheaf of dry needles , trying to think .
even had such an answer come , though , it would have been promptly eclipsed and forgotten - for among the sheaf of correspondence was a letter bearing jamie 's name , written in his sister 's strong black hand .
mr . terrance reynolds consulted the sheaf of notes in his lap .
xavier reached into his coat and drew out a sheaf of folded papers .
` ` i have this ... '' she held out a sheaf of paper .
idris is , nonetheless , very beautiful country : low alpine , stacked with sheaves of pine trees , among which meander countless rivulets and brooks .
she pulled out the thick sheaf of copies , tracing her finger over the slick , smooth texture of modern paper .
he took a sheaf of papers out .
he pulled a sheaf of papers from between two of the books and shoved them at her .
beth stormed into nicole 's office late monday afternoon and hurled a sheaf of papers across her desk .
she recognized meredith 's handwriting on the short notepaper clipped to a thick sheaf of papers .
taking advantage of their stunned silence , he laid his briefcase on the table , popped the locks and withdrew a sheaf of documents .
faye reached cassie 's row , thrust a sheaf of papers at her .
she ran a finger under the flap of the envelope to open it and reached inside to extract a thick sheaf of legal looking papers .
mari finally held the sheaf of papers out to her .
from inside , she withdrew a sheaf of papers and a pen , scrawled something across the last page , then thrust the crisp document at him with shaking hands .
she took a few steps forward then and gazed at the sheaves of paper and black - and - white photographs from behind him , around his shoulder .
as he gathered up the sheaves of paper that had become scattered as he 'd looked at them , he realized there was more to them than just research .
namely , the kind whose emotions ran deeper than a sheaf of paper .
he handed her the sheaf of papers and stood up .