the bok choy and the cabbage lay on the earth like headless corpses .
she 'd mixed the plum sauce into the cabbage and meat with her fingers and pretty much inhaled it , barely having any time to appreciate the sweet - salty combination before heartburn got her , right under her ribs .
and he was born in the fucking cabbage patch .
` ` i did get up to make us some breakfast but unless you want a meal made of half - opened expired yogurt , a cracked egg , some cabbage and teriyaki sauce we 're out of luck .
` ` sausage and cabbage smells good , sis . ''
one who was dressed in rags that they were trying to force to eat rotten cabbage .
` ` you 're not worth cabbage .
he turned and called into the open door , ` ` kyle , go tell maman to put on a plate of corned beef and cabbage .
my feet were deposited firmly in the waste of cabbage leaves and carrot tops , onion peels , and chicken feathers that made up the refuse of the day 's work and , as they added to it , it rose around me .
that 's where babies come from , rachel , not cabbage leaves .
` ` she smells like rotten cabbage . ''
the cabbage family ? ''
` ` it 's the cabbage .
he either lives here or he 's visiting his girlfriend who 's got cabbage .
i could tell apollo of this world had some serious cabbage and my guess was money in any world meant power .
that 's a lot of cabbage to be coming out of the bank account on a weekly basis when there 's no insurance to help .
he 's sure as hel not going to get a job waiting tables at bennigan 's and make that kind of cabbage ! ''
then again , they were n't exactly cabbage patch kids so maybe it made sense .
and if his clothing was n't hint enough , when he said passion and smiled , she noticed a piece of cabbage stuck in his teeth .
but when he looked back at her , she was picking up a container of mu shu pork and focusing on pulling out the slivers of cabbage with her fork .
my little cabbage .
i pause long enough to grab a basket of cabbages from a wagon and then carry it inside .
not only is the goose cooked perfectly , crisp skin and juicy succulent meat , but there is a thick , hearty stew of mutton , leeks , and cabbage , dark brown bread and new cheese , thin red wine and pear cider , as well as baked apples with cream .
have you sprouted from the earth wholly formed , like some miraculous cabbage ? ''
i looked like a cabbage patch doll .
the house of whitewashed stone with slate roof looked in good repair , and a neat garden with rows of cabbages , carrots , greens , and other vegetables ran alongside it .
priti looked up from feeding the goat a fat head of cabbage .
the kind of man who would beat the hell out of another shopper for the last tickle me elmo or cabbage patch kids doll , two days before christmas .
my eyes were puffy from the cocktails and had begun to resemble the cabbages they 'd surely turn into tomorrow .
` ` i , on the other hand , will wake up tomorrow feeling like something died in my mouth , with my eyes puffed up like cabbages , '' i said with a chuckle .
to see if they look like cabbages ? ''
even the wallpaper was dotted with cabbage - sized roses .
i took a last look around at the old furniture , the faded comforter , the cabbage rose wallpaper , and flipped off the light .
under the top note of cigar smoke was something delicious - cabbage and braising meat , as if cabbage rolls were steaming in the back room .
under the top note of cigar smoke was something delicious - cabbage and braising meat , as if cabbage rolls were steaming in the back room .
so much for the cabbage rolls , i thought , but followed him .
i 'd have appreciated it more if it had been accompanied by a pan of cabbage rolls , but a girl took what a girl could get .
maybe because he liked the jacket , maybe because i had to miss out on berna 's cabbage rolls , he let me call saul 's , my favorite wicker park pizza stop , to order up a chicago - style to go .
the pan was covered with foil , but it steamed with heat , and i could smell what was inside : meat , cabbage , spices - eastern european deliciousness .
i glanced over at ethan and proffered the cabbage rolls .
` ` you think holding a pan of cabbage rolls will interrupt your vampire mojo ? ''
` ` does my pan of cabbage rolls count ? ''
` ` i also forgot my cabbage rolls . ''
it 's al apples and cabbage and granola in there right now . ''
chapter nine the cabbage cure ethan may not have been officialy master of the house , but that had n't stopped him from reclaiming his old office on the first floor .
` ` i hope no one 's a vegetarian , '' i said , wasting no time digging into the heady , spicy meat and cabbage .
we folowed gabriel through another door into a part of the bar i had n't seen - the kitchen , which smeled strongly of disinfectant , meat , and wel - cooked cabbage .
i walked inside and was immediately pummeled by the clash and the smell of sour cabbage .
before entering the bar i decided to do a little watching of the comings and goings of the place , so i melted back into the exhaust ( which strangely smelled like cabbage ) letting the thick fog conceal me from drunk , prying eyes .
havily , kneeling beside parisa and stroking her cheek with her forefinger , called out , ` ` i 'll volunteer to throw the rotten cabbages ... or rotten tomatoes , cow pies , sheep intestine , really hard dirt clods would do .
i could n't contain my excitement so i did the cabbage patch in front of the mirror .
she set to work chopping a salad - lettuce , cabbage , carrots , celery , radishes .
i can do mending but not embroidery , can drive a cart but not ride a horse , know how to grow cabbages and carrots and even make them into a nice soup , but i have n't the least idea how to trellis roses . ''
the air was thick with a miasma of smells : urine and cooked cabbage , lye and tallow , wet stone and feces .
` ` beef and cabbage , '' silence replied .
they settled at the rustic table next to a tiny hearth , and very soon thereafter a hot meal of mutton and cabbage arrived .
the journey from scotland had been uneventful - saving for a horrible meal of cabbage and beef on the third day .
i pressed the end button with my pinkie , and then i added in the chicken and cabbage .
aegir ? -had chopped with a battle - ax was a stingy burner , throwing off popping green sparks and smelling disagreeably like the decades of cabbage buildup in zuzana 's aunt 's prague flat .
down below , the fires popped their green sparks and belched their cabbage stinks , emitting paltry warmth , and karou paced the ridge , keeping an eye over the chimaera on one side , scanning for akiva on the other .
he smelled faintly of dried hay and cabbage leaves , with the ghost of peat smoke laid over his own deep , musky scent .
there was a large bin of frost - blasted cabbage heads near the pen ; i pulled out a large , limp green head , and doled out leaves to a dozen or so pairs of eagerly grasping lips , in hopes of shutting them up .
fergus , who had reached my side by this time , picked up a whole cabbage and hurled it at hughie with considerable force and fair accuracy .
as the cabbage bounced off his padded back .
she smelled of prell shampoo and fresh cabbages ; she 'd been in the kailyard .
his way lay through covent garden , and he skipped nimbly out of the way of a swash of water , flung from a bucket to wash the slimy cabbage leaves and rotten apples from the cobbles by a fruiterer 's stall .
grey passed the guard at the back gate with a nod - he 'd worn his uniform , with the lieutenant - colonel 's insignia , to facilitate entry - and made his way down a shabby , ill - lit corridor whose scent of ancient floor polish and ghosts of boiled cabbage and burnt tea cake gave him a pleasant frisson of nostalgia .
i said blankly , but looked where he was looking and saw the singed pamphlet on divine compassion sticking out from under a cabbage .
` ` my father always claimed he 'd found me under a cabbage leaf in the garden , '' i replied flippantly .
my attention drifted back over the table where the gaudier viands were displayed : the peacock , tail feathers spread in a huge fan , occupied pride of place in the center of the table , but it was flanked by an entire roast boar on a bed of cabbage - this emitting a smell that made my stomach growl - and three enormous game pies , decorated with stuffed songbirds .
jamie ducked under the lintel after dan and found himself in a dark , shabby room that smelled of cabbage water , grime , and the sharp reek of urine .
of cabbages and kings he walked to the road just before dawn , declining help from prudence and patience , though they insisted upon coming with him , in case he should fall flat on his face , be stricken with sudden paralysis , or step into a gopher 's hole and twist an ankle .
` ` i should be satisfied wi ' a dung cart or a wagon filled with cabbages , '' he assured her , already glancing down the road .
` ` in a wagon full of cabbages , most recently , '' he said , and the smile took hold as he looked me over .
i detected the basic male animal , very appetizing in itself , but he seemed to have acquired a rather unusual - though savory - bouquet in addition : a faint whiff of sausage , the strong bitter scent of cabbage , and ... yes , mustard , underlaid with something oddly spicy .
i could smell the hot , eager scent of him , even over the agricultural fug of the shed and the lingering smell of cabbage .
everything lay peaceful before him : late cabbages and turnips in orderly rows within the kailyard walls , safe from grazing sheep - there was a small flock in the far meadow , already bedding for the night , like so many woolly eggs in a nest of green grass , like a kid 's easter basket .
i rather missed the scent of sweat and cabbage that had surrounded me all night .
there was a strong bitter smell of fresh cabbage floating over the sprawl of makeshift shelters and human detritus , and a scatter of farm wagons drawn up along the road , with women crowding round them .
as a nod to the quakers ' sensibilities , though , there was only one vase of flowers - a very plain glass vase - between the two wooden benches that had been set at the front of the room , and the faint perfume of honeysuckle and pink cabbage roses mingled with the turpentine smell of hot pine boards and the pungent scents of fairly clean but very hot people .
i minded amy 's plot in the meantime , sneaking occasional seedlings and propagules into it between the cabbages and turnips - but today i meant to visit the old garden .
as avice had made her way up the rickety gangplank , her nostrils had curled at the faint but definite aroma of boiled cabbage , which reinforced the second - class nature of her transport .
' last night , ' tanzie said , ' i dreamt about a cabbage that could rollerskate .
next , six hens , their feathers still on , and a crate containing cabbage , onions , carrots and wild garlic .
he waited , and when the pause grew uncomfortably long , i added , ' it 's sausage - meat , some vegetables and herbs , wrapped in cabbage leaves and poached in stock . '
i was halfway to rue soufflot before i discovered i had left the bag that contained the onions , cabbage and cheese sitting on the ground by the stall .
` ` did you just cabbage patch ? ''
that boy would nt know his head from a piece of cabbage .
not to mention cabbages and kings and patents and copyrights , my friend ( pause ) yes mimi , do we have a winner ?
you mean like cabbage patch ?
he took a deep , ostentatious breath , and ignored the strong stench of overcooked cabbage which permeated the ship .
the smell was strong of boiling cabbage , smoke , soil , and humanity .
me , ' he says smiling , ' winner of the nobel prize , thinking i was smart with my theory of relativity , and all the time the slugs in my cabbage patch were playing six player stress with martians .
the mixes incorporated cabbage juice , some really slimy algae that she had fished from the nearby pond , a couple of really uncomfortable frogs and some fresh water clams .
transport after transport arrived , countless noah 's arks filled with critters , chicken , dogs , pigs , turkeys , rabbits , goats , guinea pigs , field mice , but the cats reigned the land supreme , as first comers and superior companions ; they learned the territory better than anyone else and made themselves at home under the bean teepees or broad cabbage leaves .
he started stretching and patting gently at sarah 's arms , then shuffled a little bit to be set free and disappeared under a broad cabbage leaf .
the redhead spent the next week boiling red cabbage in very large bins and mixed in cream of tartar , stirring with an enormous ladle and mumbling under her breath , for theatrical effect .
` ` they do n't have cabbage juice '' , asked sarah simply .
we 'll always have cabbage and soybeans '' , sarah said and immediately regretted it , because she felt seth 's formidable gaze burn the back of her head .
` ` as they should , i never ate so much cabbage in my life , there should be enough boron in my system to feed three times as many ! ''
mr . muckleback had surreptitiously turned a kid into a piece of cabbage for simply talking in class .
the next day , a piece of wilted cabbage sat at his desk , a sure sign of displeasure on mr . muckleback 's part .
even so , mr . muckleback had every student in klesia fearful of misbehaving , due to the cabbage incident .
andra did as she was told , even though it felt like her head was cooking , like a field cabbage in a boil - pot .
i dropped in to see haggia on my way back home , she was arranging a pile of cabbages and lettuces into a confusing mound of green leaves .
franklin put the turnips into a wooden basket atop some tomatoes and small purple cabbages .
nah , its minimum wage alley or some cabbage farm , jim said soothingly with his eyes watching the upstairs window of larons mansion .
he turned abruptly and led bernard along a peeling old passage that smelled faintly of boiled cabbage .
i was tempted to talk about cabbages and kings , but instead raised my arms and the amphitheater glowed with a pale green light .
there were beets , leeks , cabbage and turnips , even a few pears , cherries and pomegranates from nicely pruned trees .
he kept his beard , wore commoner 's clothes , a floppy , wide - brimmed , straw hat and drove a two - horse wagon full of turnips and cabbages .
they started to eat in silence , a simple meal of rabbit , potatoes and cabbage .
she smiled to herself when she remembered how her team had thwarted them ... adrian and noah , tommy and cabbage .
i remember an episode of m*a*s*h where they were complaining that all of korea smelled like kimchi which is fermented cabbage .
as she walked up and down the market aisles , she had no idea what those vegetables and fruits even were , except for the cabbage and potatoes .
i tilted my head on the side and frowned , they are betting cabbage , for the sake of all deities and gods .
or people really would be finding kids in the cabbage patch .
sarah arranged them neatly every morning to provide a border for the rhubarb and cabbage patches even though rainwater kept washing away the dirt and pushing them out into the pathway .
his face turned bright pink , then purplish until he looked like a head of purple cabbage .
a trio of forgiven entered with the smell of bread and cabbage , .
one brought a crock pot , which was the source of the cabbage scent .
i ve already used the cabbage three times to make soup .
i pull spartacus out of a yard where he s made use of the pause to chew on a cabbage patch doll that was left on the lawn .
i walked towards the turned down cabbage shelf and before i knew sky was right behind me with a shotgun drawn waiting for any sign of danger .
the smell of a broken latrine had n't though and twice she gagged on its stench of rotten eggs and cabbage .
when she was about five years old , she wanted a cabbage patch doll more than anything , even though they were ugly .
i can see gray tattered wash flapping from lines over poverty - stricken vegetables like cabbage and carrots .
nate could smell the food from where he stood and it seemed to consist mainly of boiled turnips , potato and cabbage .
thankfully , commander maxwells food was ready , and i could focus on getting the steak , potatoes , purple cabbage , and what looked like fizzing , bubbly black water back to his room without dropping it on the floor , or without succumbing to my screaming urge to devour it all myself .
he smelled the field of cabbage to his right .
to make matters worse , earths air stank like mildew and old cabbages .
there were hard - boiled eggs , boiled potatoes , cabbage soup , and caviar , along with thick slices of dark bread .
chicken and cabbage cooking in the communal kitchen .
it looked up at me with one eyebrow raised , and asked , in a tiny voice , ` ` a cabbage patch doll ?
then there were cabbages and onions in abundance , and apples and hazelnuts .
thus fear is only a preference , to be counted the same as the preference for one woman or another , or mutton for pig , or cabbage for onion .
the cellar smelled of cabbages and turnips and potatoes with long , sightless eyes gone to everlasting rot the ladder , however , seemed quite sturdy , and he climbed down .
the odor itself was a one - of - a - kind mixture of fried liver and boiled cabbage - it definitely put her in mind of hydrogen sulfide .
` ` that cabbage head . ''
the man with the black beard was thrown out of his seat like a cabbage patch kid and had time to utter one bleary squawk before his head collided with the arm of a seat and he fell into the aisle in an untidy tangle of limbs .
the rich odor of corned beef and cabbage , tantalizing , maddening , drifted to them .
the apartment was haunted by the ghost of long - departed cabbage .
as he and bradley spoke together , the maddening aroma of simmering ground beef , vegetables , and tomato sauce began to fill the room , driving the cabbage back into the corners and making richards realize how hungry he was .
it was too much like going back to the beginning , sheila with her thin , worked face , the smell of mrs . jenner 's cabbage cooking down the hall .
reasonably , naturally , he was devoted to his hard - working grandmother who always had cabbage and ham boiling on the stove when he came in .
he did n't tell her about the weeds in the gutters , the men sitting on the steps with their cans of beer , the smell of boiled cabbage that never went away , the riverfront trains rattling the windows .
` ` has boiled cabbage taken over your world of food ?
to stop him i said , ` ` do you always go visiting your tenants dressed like a guy who makes his living following the cabbage crop ?
i ' ve been writing about it for the last two hours , and as my mother used to say when i was a little girl , i do n't chew my cabbage twice .
with a giant gold spoon he scooped up the rice and the cabbage and gave me a helping of this as well .
i was happy there , too , with the sheep and the goats and the cabbages .
it was sort of like macbeth , thought fat charlie , an hour later ; in fact , if the witches in macbeth had been four little old ladies and if , instead of stirring cauldrons and intoning dread incantations , they had just welcomed macbeth in and fed him turkey and rice and peas spread out on white china plates on a red - and - white patterned plastic tablecloth - not to mention sweet potato pudding and spicy cabbage - and encouraged him to take second helpings , and thirds , and then , when macbeth had declaimed that nay , he was stuffed nigh unto bursting and on his oath could truly eat no more , the witches had pressed upon him their own special island rice pudding and a large slice of mrs . bustamonte 's famous pineapple upside - down cake , it would have been exactly like macbeth .
the poor bothan 's rotten cabbage smell did n't seem offensive anymore , only sort of sad .
' now , unless you 'd all like to live out the rest of your lives as cabbages , take me to belar at once .
' i just wanted to be sure that you were n't going to be out turning over cabbage leaves or trying to chase down storks looking for them . '
' you mean they do n't hatch out under cabbage leaves ? '
i ' ve never seen cabbages that big before . '
' it might be a little more endurable if the whole place did n't reek of cooked cabbage . '
the rows of beans , turnips , and cabbages in her garden were as straight as any of durnik 's fences , and weeds were absolutely forbidden .
the supper the innkeeper provided was at least edible , although a bit over - garnished with boiled cabbage , and the beds , mere straw pallets , were not nearly as bug - infested as tynian had predicted .
pelosian cooking , sparhawk had noticed , leaned heavily in the direction of boiled cabbage , beets and turnips , only lightly garnished with salt pork .
there were several outbuildings and storage sheds all built back into the side of the hill just behind the house , and the two - storey barn was of substantial size the carefully tended kitchen garden was surrounded by a sturdy rail fence a single brown and white calf stood at the fence looking wistfully at the wilted carrot tops and frost - browned cabbages inside the garden .
oil lamps hung smoking on chains , and the smell of cooking cabbage was overpowering .
` ` how could i have forgotten the cabbages ?
he raised cabbages , too , garion .
never forget the cabbages .
tarber found a garden out back , and they pulled some onions and radishes and filled a sack with cabbages before they went on their way .
a jagged rock flew past his head as he rode , and a rotten cabbage exploded against ser mandon 's shield .
over among the cabbages , hot pie had heard it too , to judge by the look on his face .
hot pie asked in a hoarse whisper , as he hugged an armful of cabbages .
the cabbages fell to the ground with soft thumps .
` ` hot pie , get those cabbages , '' she said as she vaulted into her saddle .
` ` we have no coin , but we brought some carrots and cabbages we could trade you . ''
` ` hot pie , give her the cabbages , '' arya said , and he did , though he approached the old woman as gingerly as if she were rorge or biter or vargo hoat .
their hosts had a cache of food hidden beneath the floor of the stables , so they shared a simple supper ; oaten bread , onions , and a watery cabbage soup tasting faintly of garlic .
` ` he must have found that bastard under a cabbage leaf , then , '' gendry said behind them .
did you think my skull was stuffed with cabbage ? ''
one storeroom offered potted hare , haunch of deer in honey , pickled cabbage , pickled beets , pickled onions , pickled eggs , and pickled herring .
one morning she had found some wild onions growing halfway down the south slope , and later that same day a leafy reddish vegetable that might have been some queer sort of cabbage .
we all come outta the rocky bit of the path and round a low rise and suddenly there 's a farm ahead of us , rolling up and down little hills but you can see fields of wheat , fields of cabbage , a field of grass with a few sheep on it .
hundreds of roses beautifully view in eye balls , and sweetly sweet in nose holes from lilac dog roses to orange , yellow , and white small cabbage roses , and pink , red , crimson , and mauve garden roses which are really thorny plants used as an excellent perimeter defense for any lawn or yard area from trespassers of the human - kind or mammal - kind .
pemona stands , twisting her lips , funny then rotates her neck muscles around the woody floor while noting there s no sight of nice or mean teens then strolls three steps , dropping the gourd to grass and leans carefully into first bush of full blooming cabbage yellow roses , touching gingerly the soft silky petals , smiling innocently at the tender gesture that reminds her of home in south beach with her parents and baby sister .
different varieties , colors , sizesya got dog roses , carolina roses , and cabbage roses .
nowdaddy tosses the pigs knuckles with boiled cabbage and irish potatoespretty good cook .
i ca nt see cause of newtons giant cabbage head .
i ' m halfway through the cabbage soup , hoping there 's a chinese takeout place close by , when i notice seafoam girl .
the tea burned like fire , smelled like gasoline , and tasted like rotten cabbage .
i glance to the stands and see my parents hollering at me , piper and tessa proceed to do the cabbage patch .
the first one sits down , on my side , reeking of beer and cigarette smoke and corned beef and cabbage , which it looks like he may have thrown up all over his vest before getting a second wind and deciding to stumble into dollys donuts .
this party sucks , says the corned beef and cabbage guy .
corned beef and cabbage guy makes a pfffttt sound , beer spit falling on my green t - shirt .
like shooting fish in a barrel , he grunts , between hearty burps that smell , amazingly , like corned beef and cabbage .
lets go , says corned beef and cabbage guy , yanking on my sleeve .
drunk as they are , born lucky shirt looks across the table at corned beef and cabbage guy with a knowing grin .
the only reason corned beef and cabbage guy and born lucky shirt dude and their friend who i have no cute name for , sorry move is because cashier lady has a shotgun , twin barrels following them all the way to the door .
sorta , noah said , handing him a head of cabbage .
in my sisters hands , she still clutched her favorite cabbage patch doll , one that looked exactly like her , because they did that back then despite how creepy it really was .
it was black and shiny and had veins in it , giving him the impression of a black head of cabbage .
suddenly she longed very much for the strong cabbage smell that had pervaded her favourite landladys sitting room .
the smell of boiled cabbage and sweaty boots permeated the air .
beef dinner , pork dinner and chicken dinner with vegetables that have been boiled for so long that you ca nt tell the difference between a cabbage and carrot .
i m going to give you two vegetables : a spoonful of carrots and a spoonful of cabbage .
it had everything : potatoes , lettuces , courgettes , sweetcorn , cabbages , strawberries .
you can help keith lift some cabbages .
then i went back to the farm and sally put me working on the cabbages with mad keith .
she gave me a little hooked knife for cutting the cabbages .
i never knew this before , but cabbages have got really strong stems .
as the sun set mad keith and i wheeled barrowloads of cabbages into one of the sheds outside the garden .
perhaps the story of how missile and preston really did win the last big one is getting mixed up with all the cabbages and peas in that garden of yours .
` ` so 's cabbage , '' gobber said .
even after a bath , he d had fleas and smelled faintly of cabbage .
nor cabbage , carrots , or seafood .
what hair i had left stood on end as i watched visel open his mouth as roundly as a perfect cabbage , and i assumed he was going to eat him .
we d buy dinner at the small snack bar at the back of the parking lot , stocking up on corn fritters and beer salt and these corn tortilla sandwiches filled with meat and cabbage and pimiento cheese .
it was warm and smelled of cabbage and soy sauce .
then as i leapt over a cart full of cabbages , i saw dogan to my right side .
she was born under a sour cabbage patch with the biting rodents , says yachel into my ear when i giggle .
you know , the cabbage patch kid .
this , over here is homemade pickled cabbage and veggies .
each plate had stuffed grape leaves , onions , cabbage , zucchini , hot peppers and a side salad .
one day at dawn calibur left his wife planting out cabbages in the dew - laden garden while he went to the market in a nearby town , desperate to sell his stockpile of experimental swords , wrapped carefully in rags .
it would see us all raising ducks and tending cabbages until the barbarians come and bury us in our own compost heaps !
i m off to water the cabbages , and she ran off into the garden , slamming the door .
damn your cabbages !
he yearned to go down to that land of milk and honey and dance with rosa in the moonlight and make love with her in the scented darkness , and in the morning watch the lambs playing in the fields , and admire his wifes cabbages and ducklings , and see the dew on the roses sparkle in the sun .
the brothers remained silent , and encouraged , calibur went on , even excrement when mixed with plant matter , feeds the worms and produces fine dark compost in which good women grow cabbages and carrots and apples , and all good things .
he found it pure delight to dig the perfect womans garden for her and help her plant her rye and her carrots and cabbages .
i never knew cabbages were so beautiful , he said to her , and she smiled , and her loving presence seemed to enfold the valley and every living thing in it , just as the night sky had seemed to enfold the world the night before he found her .
for they said she turns down all suitors and lives alone , and keeps a black cat , and gardens and grows herbs and mandrakes amidst the cabbages .
still , sometimes he prayed in secret to the goddess for the return of rosa , and he tried to live a balanced life , between the hot noisy forge and the cool leafy garden of herbs and roses and cabbages , which he had replanted .
i think the artist used a cabbage patch doll as a model .
he passed one end of the garden and spotted a cabbage that needed picking .
it was still too early to get on with his work , so vadim dropped in a caf and had a cup of coffee with a couple of pies one with minced meat and one with cabbage .
there were also carrots , cabbages and in the green house tomatoes , cucumbers and peppers .
i have a garden out back and grow cabbages and tomatoes and such .
like now i cut black cabbage .
i loved your comment about pretending to be indiana jones looking for the magic ruby cabbage in the vegetable section .
we had a wonderful meal of rabbit in gravy , smoked pork , crispy baked duck with raspberry sauce , sliced potato dumplings , and cooked red and white cabbage with a sweet and sour taste .
monson , casey , and artorius made their way down the third aisle from the front and parked themselves next to a large , frumpy - looking boy who smelled of cabbage .
a blocked artery to the brain and suddenly while preparing dads dinner drops dead on the floor , cabbage burning as the water boiled out .
two hours later dad finds mom lying there with the stench of burned cabbage permeating the house .
since that day , almost a year ago , the smell of corned beef and cabbage brings tears to dads eyes .
oh , cabbages and kings , he said , laughing and reaching for the bottle .
a mephitic reek of rotten cabbage , unwashed socks , and the decaying flesh of some small animal wafted up into his face .
she looked as if he d handed her a stale , rat - chewed hunk of cabbage , slapped her on the back , and told her to tuck in .
jay was sitting stiffly on an overstuffed sofa that was covered in a faded , cabbage rose pattern .
just beneath those three tureens , salvation waited for the little waif : eggs , sausages , cabbage and brown bread .
they dined as well on some of the delicacies which haakon had selected on his hike into civilization : asparagus and red cabbage , beets and potatoes , brie and camembert , chocolate and raspberry tort , sherry and chardonnay , coffee and tea , brandy and bourbon ; irish whiskey , canadian whiskey , scotch whiskey amanda sat between al and sergio : everyone was sitting round the campfire which rested atop a thick layer of rocks piled in a wooden box atop the timbers of the raft .
do nt give him the satisfaction , jane muttered , pretending to brush a hair or cabbage leaf off johns shoulder .
but as cabbage they do to move the language ?
trembling for the fear gone down by the couch and i went to throw down the shutter , then i made a complete turn on myself to see who cabbage was that you / he / she was had a good time frightening me .
with the cabbage , you now have to dry you the hair or you will make me come the cervical one .
i did nt touch the cabbage stew my mom made , instead i kept thinking back to that one name , trying to draw a picture from it : miranda .
bellarmine thought it stank of poor mans food , spoiled cabbage and rotten wheat .
the neighborhood boy cooked a rich cabbage soup and the porridge was thick and delicious for breakfast .
it was appropriate that they d settled on a love seat bedecked with pink and white cabbage roses and quite estranged from the hustle and bustle of the main house .
the cabbage rose wallpaper repeating the pattern of the love seat brightened the corner .
the elevator had that indelible new york slow cooked cabbage smell .
as our train passed over a narrow river i looked down into a junk - rigged barge that was loaded with cabbages ; two very young children , each dressed in blue quilted jackets and bright red pants slit open up the back for rapid toilet training , waved and laughed and tumbled about on the top of the pile and then disappeared in a flash to be replaced by the rivers high muddy bank and then the seemingly endless brown fields .
the main dinner was the usual mashed potato , sprouts , cabbage , carrots and a generous amount of sliced turkey covered in tasty gravy .
why does he allow cabbages to rot after only three days , for example ?
i m not dirty and i do nt smell , and i m certainly not a cabbage .
it smelt of yesterdays boiled cabbage .
free of the all pervading prison smell of boiled cabbage , urine and shit .
` ` you bought cabbage ?
why would you buy cabbage ? ''
snatching my grocery list back , i said , ` ` i like cabbage . ''
` ` i tell you i never fucking ate cabbage in my past .
it reeked of rotting cabbage and tasted gritty an image of wren splashing water over his face then drinking gleefully returned .
naga had read about kimchi in his marathon online research on corea , but never realized that fermented cabbage could be so powerful .
it is korea 's national dish , and there are hundreds of varieties made with a main vegetable ingredient such as napa cabbage , radish , scallion , or cucumber kunjoos- stingy ( hindi ) lathi - means stick and also refers to a martial art based on cane fighting .
donald bunks , the local grocer , supplied peoples fruit and vegetables and that was as far as people wanted to know ; they did nt care that unless he had banana trees and cabbage patches and such in his back yard , then he must have his own external supplier .
its not like i can explain her away by saying i found her in the cabbage patch out back , henry .
more like one part cabbage , one part old tennis shoes .
rather , there was a cabbage patch with a scarecrow that appeared about hopes size .
he d watched salinowsky consume a cup of borscht , six meatballs , several large pierogi , a stuffed cabbage , and a heap of fatty kielbasa without uttering a word .
at first , i thought the girl was just a cabbage head , natalie said .
she dragged out a bundle of green cabbage .
mixed in with the eucalyptus are beets , cabbage , dandelion , garlic , peppermint , flax , asparagus , and fennel .
maybe cabbage and beets .
ok , eucalyptus , beets , cabbage , dandelion , garlic , peppermint , flax , asparagus , fennel .
eucalyptus , beets , cabbage , dandelion , garlic , peppermint , flax , asparagus , fennel .
rooty hog smells and collard greens or cabbage and stringy boiled beef , grass - fed .
he also cut the hearts out of the palms and sold the swamp cabbage to all the locals .
casually laying the shotgun across his shoulder , he approached the cop like a gardener strolling toward a cabbage patch with his hoe .
we ate a stew of potatoes , carrots , chicken , cabbage , corn , and peas .
i was served a small scoop of brown rice with tiny squares of cabbage .
the rice smelt of burnt rubber , the cabbage was tasteless but it was food and i was famished .
a blind mans stick pokes irritably at the cobbles , upsetting the piled cabbages and carrots of a vegetable trader .
the bartender there owed me some cabbage , and this would be a good time to collect my payment .
it was pale , the color of cooked cabbage .
sitting on the ' veranda ' , he prodded a meat ball with a stick , dipped it in chilli sauce , took a handful of raw , shredded cabbage , chewed , spat out a tiny piece of bone and wiped his mouth with his hand .
and it had a small refrigerator , albeit empty but for a few cartons of soya milk and a yellowing cabbage .
baby jesus , says kim , bending low over her childhood cabbage patch doll with brown string hair the shade of her own .
adam is following with the cabbage patch jesus dangling by one arm .
sis shirley is in the backseat behind kim , and adam is on the other side , clutching the cabbage - patch jesus and watching the trees soldiering past outside the window .
they planted some cabbages , but they ve all been eaten .
when they got within a mile of the farm , they entered fields of vegetable , mostly cabbage and potatoes , though it looked as though most of the potatoes had been ploughed up , and long soil clamps about four foot high confirmed this .
ben and mcbride both in the load area surrounded by sacks of potatoes and cabbages .
fresh vegetables , especially cabbage .
a waiter brought a steaming platter of whole barracuda , with piles of pepper and cabbage and shredded carrot .
a warm borshch was followed by what yershov informed garnet was varenyky , a soft , doughy savoury pudding , filled with a generic meat , potatoes and cabbage , alongside which was served holubtsi , a cabbage roll stuffed with more of the same fatty meat .
a warm borshch was followed by what yershov informed garnet was varenyky , a soft , doughy savoury pudding , filled with a generic meat , potatoes and cabbage , alongside which was served holubtsi , a cabbage roll stuffed with more of the same fatty meat .
the memories of purgatory came as they always did , like a tempest to his senses ... the reek of rotting cabbage , the stench of death , human urine and feces .
he did n't say nothin , but when i went over to the stove to check on the cabbage - i was makin a boiled dinner that night , i remember like it was yesterday - he got a chunk of rock maple out of the woodbox and whacked me in the small of the back with it .
the smell of cabbage , cheap cigar smoke , and stale sweat reminded him of other apartment houses in germany and central europe .
tempo led them through a wide apartment - house door and up two flights of stairs that had the smell of the balkans - the smell of very old sweat and cigarette smoke and cabbage .
it smelled faintly of chicken , more strongly of cabbage .
mrs wenzel had prepared stuffed cabbage , her specialty .
the cabbage was soggy , the meat inside was hard , and the rice half - cooked .
he lifted a heavy wooden box of rifles to his shoulder and , as he turned , he slipped on a leaf fallen from a crate of cabbage .
` ` i got two tickets for mrs . wiggs of the cabbage patch . ''
the air smelled of sausage and sour cabbage .
there was the large stand of hemlocks , their branches tipped with small brown cones ; a procession of boulders that could be mounted like steps ; a gulch where , during the summer , skunk cabbage and lady 's slippers would flourish in the wet shade .
a cabbage patch is now a garden ? ''
the walls were of an indeterminate color ; the air smelled of boiled cabbage .
` ` you 're as ignorant as a head of cabbage .
tarkanian 's apartment was on the third floor , down a dark corridor , dank with the odors of boiled cabbage and stewed meat .
the green vines dangling from the tall macca - fat palms glistened with the moisture rising from below ; fern and moss and matted cabbage growth bordered the slowly flowing currents of the martha brae offshoot .
she and esau grew four types of tomatoes , butter beans , string beans , black - eyed peas , crowder peas , cucumbers , eggplant , squash , collards , mustard greens , turnips , vidalia onions , yellow onions , green onions , cabbage , okra , new red potatoes , russet potatoes , carrots , beets , corn , green peppers , cantaloupes , two varieties of watermelon , and a few other things she could n't recall at the moment .
she ate a bowl of some kind of heavy peasant stew , thick with potatoes , cabbage , rabbit , and pork .
` ` along with roasted goose , red cabbage , browned potatoes , and cinnamon rice pudding . ''
the man had consumed bock wurst and pickled cabbage , and he had obviously had an episode of flatulence in this office shortly before the violinist had arrived .
he had already learned them the rancid stench of male sweat , astringent with vodka , the unclean females , the onion - foul breath , the cheap tobacco , the omnipresent fug of boiled cabbage .
` ` i have some piroshki with meat filling , some cabbage soup , a little salt fish .
the aroma of the embalming fluids was so strong that , to discourage authorities from examining the departing ship 's cargo , layers of cabbage leaves and pork were wrapped over the corpse .
sometimes the air smells of putrid cabbage .
the stew was horrendous - so wanting of salt and spice that it held all the complexity of dirty water with chunks of gristly elk meat and potatoes and cabbage bobbing on the oily surface .
the pillow smelled like spoiled cabbage , so she rested her head in the crook of her arm , facing the oil drum for the heat that radiated off the metal .
as he watched , a rat swam by , pushing a cargo of cabbage leaves filched from the nearby greengrocer 's barge towards a hole in the black brick of the canal 's bank .
i was walking through a cabbage field filled with black angus cows and human heads whose faces i did n't recognize .
the fire was rolling steadily out from the city , kissing the edges of the cabbage field .
` ` you always say that , '' one of the cows said and spit cud onto a cabbage leaf as a stillborn calf fell from between its legs and puddled by its hoofs .
i could hear kara screaming from somewhere in the field as the air grew black and oily and the smoke bit my eyes , and kara kept screaming my name , but i could n't tell the human heads from the cabbage heads and the cows were moaning and tipping in the breeze and the smoke was all around me , and pretty soon kara 's screams stopped and i felt grateful as the flames began to lick at my legs .
when the sun broke between two clouds and hit us , she scrunched up her face until it looked like a head of cabbage , her tight fists covering her eyes .
so the next afternoon found him walking up k street as the sun softened against the brown and red brick and the open windows loosed the smell of boiled cabbage , boiled potatoes , and boiled ham on the bone .
kale with a k is a green leafy veggie , a type of cabbage as i recall , '' she murmured , turning to head out the door .
it still smelled of yeasty ale and yesterday 's cabbage and mutton special , as it always had .
agnes , on the other hand , was against being hit by flying bits of other people 's cabbage .
when esme gets here she 's going to go through this priest like cabbage soup . '
i ' m sure the nuts and cabbages do not blame you .
she enjoyed most foods , but brussels sprouts were nothing more than underdeveloped cabbages .
the ladies who had hypnotized the wolf - man came out with two carts full of food : cakes , chips , hamburgers , packages of candy and heads of cabbage .
i asked , wrinkling my nose at the overwhelming odor of cooking cabbage coming from the unit 's interior .
she placed her hand on the back of the chair and my spell fell away in a shower of pink sparkles until my lounge became a perfectly respectable light blue love seat covered in big pink cabbage roses .
` ` i dropped my eyes to the faded cabbage roses on mrs . casnoff 's carpet , but i was seeing elodie , pale and streaked with blood .
once on the grass , the guy got close to a cabbage patch but did n't quite make it , before landing on his knees and hurling all over the foundation of the house .
or the cabbage patch .
life was what you determined it to be ; regardless of where fate put you , logic and free will meant you could make your cabbage patch anything the fuck you wanted .
` ` grain 's a bit short but we ' ve got a handy surplus of white drumhead cabbage , keeps wonderfully , full of vitamins and minerals ... but you might want to keep your windows open , if you follow me .
they brought , indeed , cabbage and potatoes and roots and apples and barrels of fat , things that kept .
` ` something like cabbage ? ''
` ` now where can i get some cabbage ? ''
she was dressed in a chiffon robe with giant chenille cabbage roses .
the smells of old cabbage , acne ointment and non - malignant skin disease became transmuted , in corporal nobbs , into a strange odour that lay across the nose like a saw blade on a harp .
then the flying world slowed , while in the fields on either side hundreds of burning cabbages leapt towards the sky , trailing oily smoke .
and then there was stillness , except for the occasional thud of a falling cabbage .
a skylark , safely above cabbage range , sang in the blue sky .
vimes fished out the gooseberry as a red - hot cabbage smacked into the road behind him .
` ` breakfast today will be boiled cabbage , baked cabbage , fried cabbage '' - he stepped smartly aside as a steaming cauliflower hit the ground and exploded - ` ` and cauliflower surprise .
` ` breakfast today will be boiled cabbage , baked cabbage , fried cabbage '' - he stepped smartly aside as a steaming cauliflower hit the ground and exploded - ` ` and cauliflower surprise .
` ` breakfast today will be boiled cabbage , baked cabbage , fried cabbage '' - he stepped smartly aside as a steaming cauliflower hit the ground and exploded - ` ` and cauliflower surprise .
i wouldn '' t buy that even if they threw in a lifetime supply of cabbage !
the only people around them spoke quietly in russian and smoked , and ate cabbage rolls .
if they were , balthazar thought , they might order him put in the stocks for immorality , so people could throw rotten cabbages at his head .
the goth dwarf started stirring the dressing into a mound of chopped green and purple cabbage and carrots , even though there was n't going to be anyone around to eat it .
but as much as i enjoyed cooking and running the restaurant , even i was a little sick right now of peeling potatoes , shredding cabbage , and making vats of fletcher lane 's secret barbecue sauce .
another breeze whistled down the alley , bringing the scents of cooked cabbage , grilled chicken , and spicy peanut sauce with it from the thai restaurant down the block .
with his other hand , he was picking a piece of wilted cabbage off his jacket sleeve .
he tossed the cabbage aside with a disgusted expression and moved over to me .
the memory of him watching in distress as i gagged on soft cabbage and half - dissolved onion flashed before my eyes .
the first thing i noticed was the stain set against the cabbage roses on the gaudy damask spread .
like how wrapping a small bit of skunk cabbage in a bay leaf on sunday promotes good luck .
she hated the way he called her ` ` my little cabbage , '' the way he smiled at her , the way he found excuses to touch her .
` ` if anyone says one thing about what went down out at the swimming hole , i 'll be the first to tell them how the cow ate the cabbage . ''
when kylie was about to ask holiday what she meant about the cows and the cabbage , burnett shrugged .
young abraham 's eyes brightened , and immediately the cabbage borscht in the wooden bowl got tastier , or at least less garlicky .
i 'll end up like one of those bums near the river seine who smell like underarms and cabbage .
` ` well , children , you ' member how sheriff john coon done caught brother rabbit stealin ' the massa 's cabbage and throwed his pink butt behind bars ... '' three - no - four heads nod avidly .
any rabbit steals the cabbages on our plantation would find his tail full of buckshot , and him on the dinner table , never mind the hangin ' . ''
i rush out only to be clobbered with a slimy cabbage on my nose .
she was holding her chinese cleaver , the counter piled high with carrots , cabbage , and other vegetables i could n't identify .
` ` i know , amma , but- '' the cabbage split in half .
droolin ' under my good cabbage rose hat . ''
on the bottom shelf , tucked behind a rotting head of unchopped cabbage , i find it .
her head looked like a wrinkly cabbage buried under a giant hat .
his breath smelled like cabbage .
the air always smelled like the old country , or what she 'd been told the old country smelled like : cabbage and carrots and things simmering for long hours over slow heat in cast - iron pots that would outlive them all .
a narrow , poorly lit hallway ran the length of the building , its walls coated with decades of accumulated grime , the floor speckled with water stains and darker blemishes of unknown origin , perhaps urine or excrement , for the passage reeked of both - and of boiled cabbage , tobacco , wood smoke , and that peculiar funk of human desperation .
yet what was my experience compared to that hungry child 's , forlorn in a filthy hall reeking of piss and cabbages ?
and i imagined climbing the stairs of the tenement and the smell of cabbages and the reek of human desperation and her sour - faced broker who collected the money and protected her from the overzealous sailor or merchant marine , and then i imagined her room and the roughness of the boards beneath my bare feet and the roughness of her hands and the heaviness of her scent , and would it not be better to touch and be touched than to never touch at all ?
when she finally let me go , tears dampened her cheeks and she did n't release my hand , but patted it motherly , and led me to the table where a small boy of maybe eight , sat eating a cabbage roll stuffed with ground meat .
his big gray eyes grew large and the cabbage roll stopped halfway to his mouth .
the carpet was faded and threadbare , and the dim hallway stank of cabbage and tobacco .
that night they ate stuffed cabbage leaves , crispy roast goose , little dishes of apricot custard .
the hunter sat with his friends at a table heaped with rich foods - wine - soaked cabbage and calf stuffed with quail eggs , greasy sausages and pickled sage .
` ` you can rest here until the last effects of the tranqs wear off , '' says a plump , kindly woman , who also brings her a meal of corned beef and cabbage , with a tall , heady glass of root beer .
she despises timothy and wonders how anyone 's lifelong faith could be traded for corned beef and cabbage .
after that profound pronouncement , all and sundry in the field of psychiatry then descended on my inert frame , and it was open season for every wild theory and half - baked test ever dreamt up , with some even muttering incantations under their breath as they carried them out , although robin and alice did draw the line at cattle prods , and finally they unanimously decided on a case conference , and for over eight hours the great and good in the profession theorised and debated every aspect of my problem , and then finally , just before the restaurant closed its doors for the evening , they reached a unanimous decision i was living proof that man was descended from cabbages not apes .
another cried , cabbages !
uncle gambit used his item to cut through the bases of the purple cabbages and selected only the best heads .
at this time of year kallel had planted carrots , cabbage , squash and tomatoes .
i am sick of lambs eyes , and boiled snail , and fermented cabbage .
a rotten tomato hit her chest and exploded , as did the head of an old cabbage .
do n't forget to grab the cabbage and the basket of rotten tomatoes . ''
the list read : 10,000 pieces of pork ; 8,000 pieces of beef ; 12 tons of bread ; 8 tons of flour ; 7 tons of pickled cabbage ; 3 tons of raisins ; 100 cheeses ; 100 pounds of salt ; 30 barrels of fish oil ; 500 pounds of oatmeal ; 500 barrels of beer ; 70 keggs of brandy and 30 of rum .
the servant offloaded a whole roast chicken and platters of carrots , potatoes , and cabbage , then a small pie for dessert , with a jug of sweet cream .
that s because its ai nt cabbage , replied wilson , smugly , he was cook of the mess and had prepared the dish , as he insisted on calling all his creations .
at least it does nt smell of boiled cabbage .
thorn caught sight of the cabbage and juicy pork as alice cameron , one of the teenagers hired for the evening , carried it by and it made his stomach rumble .
ill take a bowl of that pork and cabbage when you get a chance , thorn said .
after he went to sit at one of the tables robyn slid a bowl of pork and cabbage in front of him .
pass my days growing cabbages , which are less trouble than cloves , you can be sure .
why on earth are we having cabbage stew ?
in the kitchen , peg leaned over the hearth , ladling herself a bowl of cabbage stew .
mrs . cormac told me you prefer beef stew , but the cabbage was about to go bad , so i thought i best to use it tonight .
or beat that sonic psycho and destroy that giant cabbage creature ? ''
fried rice is just that , rice fried with maybe meat like beef , pork or chicken , maybe an egg , cabbage and onion in it , called yakamesa . ''
then the drifting kitchen odors of frying fish mixing with the smell of boiling cabbage and unidentifiable smells from the bulk tea shops and small family restaurants .
it was a croaker , a few cabbage on top earners .
the orphans were having cabbage soup .
she glared at the thegn as he lifted up sacks of bread and cabbages and secured them to his horses saddle .
the result is only that it will cost you a few extra cabbages .
beans , peas , squash , onions , berries , nuts , cabbages , yams , wheat , oats , peanuts , okra , black - eyed peas , tomatoes , rice , oranges , melons , chocolate , southern women were the great gardeners , hunters , fishers , and cookers that survived the civil war and the great depression up until now , laughs with the beaus .
the area seemed to be dense with cabbage palms and saw palmetto .
the men would be hungry after their fast so the women were busy preparing fry bread , corn , swamp cabbage , turtle , deer , wild boar and their traditional corn drink , sofkee .
the boy smelled like cabbage , and she hated cabbage .
the boy smelled like cabbage , and she hated cabbage .
the only two shops were a greengrocer , where one could purchase mainly cabbage , spinach and squash and a little corner market that offered the mere basics .
there were about hundred buddhist lepcha families in the village , most of whom were peasants and they used to grow all sorts of vegetables , cabbages , cauliflowers , beans , beets , gourds , cucumbers , peas , radishes , red potatoes , carrots etc .
` ` that guy 's feet sweat like you would n't believe - they smell like boiled cabbage . ''
even a slice of boiled cabbage sounded good right then .
some cabbage .
no cabbage .
do nt worry urs , well get you your cabbage , said ellen .
and cabbage !
piles of beet greens and cabbage trimmings littered the counter top .
figure cabbage have head , now make it think . ''
` ` an intelligent cabbage !
` ` no pickle ; cabbage . ''
` ` maybe next time , you keep eye on cabbage and not on tomato . ''
seeing the robot approach , the cabbage hurled a crate from a nearby barge , hitting the machine in the chest and eliciting a startled ` ` ouch ! ''
it backed off , allowing the cabbage to get to one knee , then sprinted forward and smacked it with a running kneelift .
` ` i swear , if that cabbage does n't get him , the lynch mob will .
the cabbage , meanwhile , hocked juicy loogies at spectators near the shore .
one could almost sense a satisfied grin on the machine 's face as it speared the cabbage and carried it into the air , all to the tune of waltz across texas . ''
somehow the cabbage got its feet down , braced to a halt , and , lifting the machine overhead , slammed it across the bow of the battleship texas .
the cabbage stood triumphant over the mangled carnage , it 's leafy round body rocking with mirth .
with a disdainful glance at the crowd , it spat a wad of cabbage juice on the wreckage .
the cabbage swung a fist .
` ` he 's stuffing the cabbage under the battleship . ''
the cabbage thrashed and wiggled , then laid still as the boiling water purged it of the pollutants that gave it life .
meanwhile the ship channel waters continued to seethe and bubble as the smell of boiled cabbage filled the air .
it turned out the smell of boiled cabbage counteracted the toxic odors indigenous to the ship channel area , thereby rendering the air permanently breathable .
it looked disgusting and smelled like a mixture of turnip greens , fresh fish , and cabbage , but it made his mouth water .
february 12th in the year of our lord 1383 tubingen , germany the boy pulled the rough blanket around his bony shoulders and dreamed of hot soup , conjuring up turnips and onions and cabbage , hot and peppery , his mouth watering in anticipation .
the others think i am in my dotage , that i do nt know a turnip from a cabbage anymore , but it is a ruse brother .
the baker refused the offer of their free labour , telling them his wenches needed the work and filling them up with stewed meat and cabbage and big slices of cherry pie with dollops of thick yellow cream .
and then one day it was nt a rotten piece of fruit or cabbage that sailed through the air to splatter against his turban or foul his robe but a rock , wielded by youths and thrown hard in bitterness and spite .
i was at the markets with mother about three months ago and whilst she was arguing with a vendor about some cabbage i smelt this old mans pipe smoke .
with due respect to your cabbage faced crime lord , he has no sway down here in bulia .
soon they were all drinking their drinks and feasting on briskets of corned beef and cabbage or roast beef with asparagus tips and beets , with mashed potatoes and gravy , with coffee and a chocolate tort with cherries and whipped cream for dessert .
a blackened hunk of cabbage hit him in the back of the head .
rather than , you know , lie across him like a sack of week old cabbages ? '
it was filled with cabbages , tubers , and sun - dried meat .
and just for that , i ' m making boiled cabbage just for you . ''
he had to stay in the kitchen and wash out the cauldrons after every meal , and the only thing they ever gave him to eat was cabbage .
king so - kai : and you smell like raw meat and cabbage .
this consisted of someone selling sprouts , two people selling cabbages and one person selling a pig .
` ` getcha cabbages , luvverly cabbages !
` ` getcha cabbages , luvverly cabbages !
penny a cabbage ! ''
indole bought a cabbage .
i should have a tasty bit of cabbage , sprout and very dilute rancid bean juice soup ready in a few minutes once the water 's boiled .
all you have to do is walk along and pick up the useful looking stuff and then haul it back to town to trade for a cabbage or two . ''
` ` do you think many people would be interested it swapping a cabbage for a round ? ''
they found the cable for an old smart phone charger , brought it back to town and , with a few tea towels thrown in , swapped it for a cabbage .
the cabbage vendor used it as a belt .
bulkington asked indole as they ate their sauted cabbage sitting on a piece of waste ground at the edge of avaciggy .
the finest cabbages in the land !
uh ... he was talking about ... there s , like , a hell gate in one of these things he said , picking a cabbage apart desperately .
along with the gleeful sound came the waft of boiling cabbage , wretchedly familiar ; of course they should be grateful that the earth continued to give them what little sustenance it could .
` ` not a cabbage patch ! ''
underneath sprouted rows of watermelon , cabbage , broccoli , carrots and green onion with wide areas dedicated to spindly looking spices and herbs .
in my day it involved a nice sacrifice , a lot of runes , string , and a fresh spring cabbage .
but somehow , summoning fates with cabbage ?
because hell , once upon a time the creatures holding the entire universe together had been happy with string and cabbage .
because even worse than the cabbage ?
today had proceeded as expected , with a simple shopping trip down to the farmers market on the river wisp , where shed purchased a few eggplants , cabbage , and string beans to bring back to her chef .
he spirals up to the fourth floor , breathing in the staircase fragrance of cabbage and wax and knocks on the dark varnished door .
king vletch decided that it would be good for the people of his kingdom to know about more than just planting potatoes and cabbages , so a few years ago he ordered the building of a library .
he smelt of cigarettes , cabbage , and peaches .
* * * * * * * * * * a mortal has more layers than a cabbage .
anyway elma slides over , and empties things that she bought in grocery , outing of the pochette , she also takes out a cabbage .
ill make a pastry filled with cabbage for you .
through the doorway into an apartment that smelted like overboiled cabbage and cat box and unfiltered foreign cigarettes , and they were ushered through a tiny hallway past several closed doors to the sitting room at the far end of the corridor , and were seated on a huge old horsehair sofa , disturbing an elderly gray cat in the process , who stretched , stood up , and walked , stiffly , to a distant part of the sofa , where he lay down , warily stared at each of them in turn , then closed one eye and went back to sleep .
then there were cabbage leaves stuffed with ground meat and rice , cabbage leaves of such a toughness that they were almost impossible to cut without spattering ground meat and rice all over the carpet .
then there were cabbage leaves stuffed with ground meat and rice , cabbage leaves of such a toughness that they were almost impossible to cut without spattering ground meat and rice all over the carpet .
he remembered that moment , and he treasured it , just as he remembered the sweetness of a cabbage heart , the tart taste of plums , the crunch of apples , the greasy delight of roasted fish .
two dozen servants or more bustled around with great noise , setting rugs and cushions for them upon the terrace , all around the marble pool , and ferrying great platters from the kitchens , laden with fragrant pilaff and heaps of mashed aubergines , cabbage leaves and green peppers stuffed with meat and rice , skewers and thin - sliced roasted meats redolent of rich smoke .
her furniture had big fat cabbage roses , and the arms were threadbare .
several crates of cabbages , apples , and tubers had been stacked neatly in the hall outside the only closed and guarded doorway .
' well , it 's probably more interesting than putting in lots of cabbage farms . '
the land around ankh - morpork is fertile and largely given over to the cabbage fields that help to give the city its distinctive odour .
' 'cos all there is in there , boy , is twenty ton of cabbage . '
stacks of cabbage waited stolidly in the gloom .
oi knows a cabbage when i sees one , and of believes what i sees . '
the farmers dived sideways as the broomstick corkscrewed through the open doorway and disappeared among the ranks of cabbage .
' dang me , ' said the believer in cabbages .
there was also the very distinctive smell you get when a thousand elephants have been foraging for days in cabbage fields : ' just hang on , ' he said .
` ` peelings and cabbage .
` ` this cabbage stinks like a swamp !
` ` the gardener told me yesterday they 're playing merry hell with the cabbages . ''
it was the kind of landscape where , if you saw a distant figure cutting cabbages , you 'd watch him until he was out of sight because there was simply nothing else for the eye to do .
we ' ve had s for sky , c for cabbage , 0 for ... for ook , and there 's nothing else . ''
` ` never picked cabbages with the ice on 'em , or dug a grave , or milked a cow , or laid out a corpse . ''
the cart rattled between the endless cabbage fields that led to pseudopolis .
the rich silty sto plains were the grocery of the continent , but not an awe - inspiring panorama unless you were the kind of person who gets excited about fifty - three types of cabbage and eighty - one types of bean .
there was a smell of stale beer , dying cabbages , barbecue embers and insufficient sanitation .
some smelly cart and a tavern that smells of cabbages ? '
' it was probably dat cabbage , ' said cliff to asphalt .
there were more cabbage fields next day , although the landscape did begin to change a bit .
we sha n't be wanting for cabbages , eh ? '
i do n't think i can stand life in the fast leyline , you know - the cabbages , the bad beer , all those rats pestering you all the time- ' cliff crawled out .
' noodles , boiled cabbage and pork whiskers . '
' songs like ` ` she sits among the cabbages and leeks '' are not very cultural , mother . '
' you mean ... the one with the giant cabbage and the sort of whirring knife thing ? '
hogswatch came after the excitement of the cabbage harvest when it was pretty quiet in scrote and there was nothing much to look forward to until the fun of the sprout festival .
' remember all that business last year with the cabbages ?
the smell of cabbage drifted through the room .
it is written , ` ` i ' m not as green as i ' m cabbage - looking ! '' '
tick there was a sound rather like a cabbage being sliced in half , and then a head rolled into the basket to cheers and cries of ' oh , i say , well done ! '
' hold on ... ' the stick dropped until it was a few feet above the cabbage fields .
the bristles dipped into the cabbages .
it took the width of a field to slow down , at the end of a furrow with the smell that only squashed cabbage leaves can yield .
' he did n't flap around making information - rich patterns in the air or laying eggs on cabbage leaves ? '
good with cabbage .
nets hanging from the ceiling were indeed stuffed with big , white , heavy cabbages .
this fact only became clear , though , when he 'd been stripped of three bags of grain , eight strings of sausages , a barrel of pickled beetroot and fifteen cabbages .
sergeant doppelpunkt saluted smartly , to the sound of muffled swearing and falling cabbages .
' the cabbage stalks ?
as he raised his megaphone , a cabbage hit him on the knee .
by some little understood process of sympathetic resonance , corridors painted in those colours always smell slightly of boiled cabbage - even if no cabbage is ever cooked in the vicinity .
by some little understood process of sympathetic resonance , corridors painted in those colours always smell slightly of boiled cabbage - even if no cabbage is ever cooked in the vicinity .
the older man , who had the determined face and upright bearing of a man who subdued cabbages daily , stopped an inch in front of moist and bellowed : ' are you the po'stman , young man ? '
* in areas more wooded , areas less dominated by the cabbage and general brassica industry , it would of course have been in the sticks .
besides , it was a long , long drop all the way down to the cabbage fields , handily combining death and burial at the same time .
we must assume it was for the guidance which led your footsteps , at last , to a small wood among the cabbage fields . '
the cabbage growers ' co - operative- ' ' oh , the one on the town square ?
with the carved cabbage over the door ? '
chapter twelve the woodpecker the challenge - moving mountains - the many uses of cabbage - the board debates - mr lipwig on his knees - the smoking gnu - the way of the woodpecker it was the next morning .
it showed - moist peered - a field of cabbages , with some buildings on the horizon .
it smelled of cabbages .
' printed with cabbage ink and using gum made from broccoli , sir , ' said stanley , full of pride .
' a salute to the cabbage industry of the sto plains , sir .
' well , i can see that- ' ' there 's cabbage soup , cabbage beer , cabbage fudge , cabbage cake , cream of cabbage- ' ' yes , stanley , i think you- ' ' -pickled cabbage , cabbage jelly , cabbage salad , boiled cabbage , deep - fried cabbage- ' ' yes , but now can- ' ' -fricassee of cabbage , cabbage chutney , cabbage surprise , sausages- ' ' sausages ? '
' well , i can see that- ' ' there 's cabbage soup , cabbage beer , cabbage fudge , cabbage cake , cream of cabbage- ' ' yes , stanley , i think you- ' ' -pickled cabbage , cabbage jelly , cabbage salad , boiled cabbage , deep - fried cabbage- ' ' yes , but now can- ' ' -fricassee of cabbage , cabbage chutney , cabbage surprise , sausages- ' ' sausages ? '
' well , i can see that- ' ' there 's cabbage soup , cabbage beer , cabbage fudge , cabbage cake , cream of cabbage- ' ' yes , stanley , i think you- ' ' -pickled cabbage , cabbage jelly , cabbage salad , boiled cabbage , deep - fried cabbage- ' ' yes , but now can- ' ' -fricassee of cabbage , cabbage chutney , cabbage surprise , sausages- ' ' sausages ? '
' well , i can see that- ' ' there 's cabbage soup , cabbage beer , cabbage fudge , cabbage cake , cream of cabbage- ' ' yes , stanley , i think you- ' ' -pickled cabbage , cabbage jelly , cabbage salad , boiled cabbage , deep - fried cabbage- ' ' yes , but now can- ' ' -fricassee of cabbage , cabbage chutney , cabbage surprise , sausages- ' ' sausages ? '
' well , i can see that- ' ' there 's cabbage soup , cabbage beer , cabbage fudge , cabbage cake , cream of cabbage- ' ' yes , stanley , i think you- ' ' -pickled cabbage , cabbage jelly , cabbage salad , boiled cabbage , deep - fried cabbage- ' ' yes , but now can- ' ' -fricassee of cabbage , cabbage chutney , cabbage surprise , sausages- ' ' sausages ? '
' well , i can see that- ' ' there 's cabbage soup , cabbage beer , cabbage fudge , cabbage cake , cream of cabbage- ' ' yes , stanley , i think you- ' ' -pickled cabbage , cabbage jelly , cabbage salad , boiled cabbage , deep - fried cabbage- ' ' yes , but now can- ' ' -fricassee of cabbage , cabbage chutney , cabbage surprise , sausages- ' ' sausages ? '
' well , i can see that- ' ' there 's cabbage soup , cabbage beer , cabbage fudge , cabbage cake , cream of cabbage- ' ' yes , stanley , i think you- ' ' -pickled cabbage , cabbage jelly , cabbage salad , boiled cabbage , deep - fried cabbage- ' ' yes , but now can- ' ' -fricassee of cabbage , cabbage chutney , cabbage surprise , sausages- ' ' sausages ? '
' filled with cabbage , sir .
you can make practically anything with cabbage , sir .
and then john dearheart , who always used a safety lanyard , landed in the cabbage field and that was the end of the second trunk .
things rustled in the bushes , and a breeze wafted the scent of cabbages over the endless fields .
the lecturer in recent runes ladled more bacon bits into his salad bowl , having artfully constructed buttresses of celery and breastworks of cabbage to increase its depth five times .
` ` well , that 's good - bye to the cabbages , '' said nanny , looking out the window .
tiffany quickly scraped mud and mashed cabbages over the arrival and called up , ` ` i think this might explode .
now it was on the kitchen table , wiped clean of mud and cabbages .
this was rich country , full of silt and rolling cabbage fields and neat little kingdoms whose boundaries wriggled like snakes as small , formal wars , marriage pacts , complex alliances and the occasional bit of sloppy cartography changed the political shape of the land .
as the light distilled from silver to gold mort galloped across a flat , chilly landscape , chequered with cabbage fields from edge to edge .
there are many things to be said about cabbages .
out in the damp cabbage fields there was a shimmer in the air and a faint sizzle , like frying grasshoppers .
it was moving at something less than walking pace , hissing gently as it drifted ghost - like across the stark damp cabbage fields and frozen drainage ditches .
it was an inn , and inside there were people having a good time , or what passed for a good time if you were a peasant who spent most of your time closely concerned with cabbages .
however , it offered unsurpassed views of the city and the sto plain , which is to say , you could see an awful lot of cabbages .
if he really strained his imagination he could hear a buzzing out over the cabbage fields , a sound like someone frying locusts .
the winter sun hung low over the damp , misty cabbage fields of the sto plains , and the foggy silence magnified the creaking of the wheels .
' if you sounded like that , my bonny , ' he said , ' you would n't be standing arse - deep in slush in the middle of these forsaken fields , with nothing but liberated cabbage for thy tea . '
the following day , in some nameless village in the middle of an endless sea of cabbages , he let tomjon play old miskin in please yourself , a role that vitoller always excelled in .
this is the cabbage of vegetative increase- ' ' sorry , ' said teppic , ' i did n't hear you say i should marry my aunt , did i ? '
running ahead of the smoke , speeding over the cabbage fields and closing fast , was a silvery bullet .
a little way behind errol the ground appeared to be ploughing itself up , throwing cabbage stalks into the air .
cabbages , actual cabbages , had been nailed to it .
cabbages , actual cabbages , had been nailed to it .
she could feel the veins , smell his blood and fear ... she tried to think of cabbages .
then , apparently deciding that the distant odour of the cabbage fields beyond the city wall was much preferable to the smells immediately around it , it trotted away up the road .
over the years the odors of liquor and vomit , boiled cabbage and burned meat , unwashed clothes and mouse droppings have intermingled into a stench that brings tears to my eyes .
i pull myself together enough so that when plutarch and fulvia enter , i have a mouthful of bread and cabbage .
the passageway was dark ; it was damp and smelled of boiled cabbage , cats ' pee and dry rot .
they also found a colony of rabbits living in a burrow bank that aunt zelda had fenced off to keep the rabbits out of the winter cabbage patch .
the well - worn path took them past the burrows , through a lot of cabbages and wound down to a low - lying patch of mud and suspiciously bright green grass .
the most frequent description was ` ` interesting , '' as in , ` ` that bread and cabbage bake was very ... interesting , zelda .
he preferred to eat the boiled cabbage sandwiches that aunt zelda made for him in the comfort of his own mud patch .
` ` best boiled cabbage . ''
the boggart was floating grumpily in the mott and was not completely placated by the mention of cabbage sandwiches .
` ` oh , great , '' said nicko , wondering if aunt zelda had any sense of smell at all or whether countless years of boiling cabbage had killed it off .
the big freeze the remains of the midwinter feast of stewed cabbage , braised eel heads and spicy onions lay abandoned on the table as aunt zelda tried to coax some life into the spluttering fire at keeper 's cottage .
he could definitely taste eel , and was there a hint of cabbage lingering as a subtle aftertaste ?
aunt zelda came back with a mug of chamomile and cabbage tea .
they got rid of aunt zelda 's jottings and doodlings , and also her favorite recipe for cabbage stew , and they turned themselves into a brand - new , smooth , cream - colored paper , perfect for writing on .
no , i do n't know if there are any more cabbages .
why do you want ten cabbages anyway ? ''
they seem too busy raiding my entire stock of cabbages . ''
he was followed by silas and simon , who were carrying the table and chairs , then sarah and jenna with an assortment of plates , glasses , bottles , and nicko who had a basket piled high with ten cabbages .
he had no idea why he had a basket of cabbages , and he was not going to ask either .
nicko had to put the basket of cabbages in the middle of the table just where marcia told him to .
he held the diary tightly with his clammy hands , leaving two slightly grubby handprints on the porous blue leather , which would never come off and would always remind him of the evening that changed his life forever.nicko , '' said marcia , ` ` hand the cabbages out , will you ? ''
he picked up the basket of cabbages and walked around the table and started handing them out .
` ` er , thank you , nicko , '' said silas as he took the proffered cabbage and held it awkwardly in his hands , wondering quite what to do with it .
put the cabbages on the plates . ''
nicko gave marcia another maxie look ( this time it was the i - wish - you - hadn't - pooed - there look ) , then quickly dumped a cabbage on each plate .
when everyone , including maxie , had a cabbage , marcia raised her hands for silence .
each cabbage is primed to willingly transform itself into whatever you would most like to eat .
just place your hand on the cabbage and decide what you would like . ''
there was an excited buzz as everyone decided what they were going to have and transformed their cabbages .
` ` it 's a criminal waste of good cabbages , '' aunt zelda whispered to alther .
` ` i shall just have cabbage casserole . ''
the wind blew through the town of big cabbage , which liked to call itself the green heart of the plains .
it was called big cabbage because it was home to the biggest cabbage in the world , and the town 's inhabitants were not very creative when it came to names .
it was called big cabbage because it was home to the biggest cabbage in the world , and the town 's inhabitants were not very creative when it came to names .
people travelled miles to see this wonder ; they 'd go inside its concrete interior and peer out through the windows , buy cabbage - leaf bookmarks , cabbage ink , cabbage shirts , captain cabbage dolls , musical boxes carefully crafted from kohlrabi and cauliflower that played ' the cabbage eater 's song ' , cabbage jam , kale ale , and green cigars made from a newly developed species of cabbage and rolled on the thighs of local maidens , presumably because they liked it .
people travelled miles to see this wonder ; they 'd go inside its concrete interior and peer out through the windows , buy cabbage - leaf bookmarks , cabbage ink , cabbage shirts , captain cabbage dolls , musical boxes carefully crafted from kohlrabi and cauliflower that played ' the cabbage eater 's song ' , cabbage jam , kale ale , and green cigars made from a newly developed species of cabbage and rolled on the thighs of local maidens , presumably because they liked it .
people travelled miles to see this wonder ; they 'd go inside its concrete interior and peer out through the windows , buy cabbage - leaf bookmarks , cabbage ink , cabbage shirts , captain cabbage dolls , musical boxes carefully crafted from kohlrabi and cauliflower that played ' the cabbage eater 's song ' , cabbage jam , kale ale , and green cigars made from a newly developed species of cabbage and rolled on the thighs of local maidens , presumably because they liked it .
people travelled miles to see this wonder ; they 'd go inside its concrete interior and peer out through the windows , buy cabbage - leaf bookmarks , cabbage ink , cabbage shirts , captain cabbage dolls , musical boxes carefully crafted from kohlrabi and cauliflower that played ' the cabbage eater 's song ' , cabbage jam , kale ale , and green cigars made from a newly developed species of cabbage and rolled on the thighs of local maidens , presumably because they liked it .
people travelled miles to see this wonder ; they 'd go inside its concrete interior and peer out through the windows , buy cabbage - leaf bookmarks , cabbage ink , cabbage shirts , captain cabbage dolls , musical boxes carefully crafted from kohlrabi and cauliflower that played ' the cabbage eater 's song ' , cabbage jam , kale ale , and green cigars made from a newly developed species of cabbage and rolled on the thighs of local maidens , presumably because they liked it .
people travelled miles to see this wonder ; they 'd go inside its concrete interior and peer out through the windows , buy cabbage - leaf bookmarks , cabbage ink , cabbage shirts , captain cabbage dolls , musical boxes carefully crafted from kohlrabi and cauliflower that played ' the cabbage eater 's song ' , cabbage jam , kale ale , and green cigars made from a newly developed species of cabbage and rolled on the thighs of local maidens , presumably because they liked it .
then there was the excitement of brassicaworld , where very small children could burst into terrified screams at the huge head of captain cabbage himself , along with his friends cauliflower the clown and billy broccoli .
' miss cripslock , miss cripslock ... this morning i got up with nothing in mind but to seriously make headway with the post office paperwork and maybe lick the problem of that special 25p cabbage green special stamp .
you know , the one that 'll grow into a cabbage if you plant it ?
harry leaned closer to moist , enveloping him in cigar smoke and a hint of decayed cabbage .
' so , er , do you by any chance have any of the blue - ' ' ca n't help you there , ' said moist quickly , reaching into his pocket , ' but i do just happen to have here a very rare 20p cabbage green stamp with the highly amusing ` ` misprint '' that caused a bit of a stir last year , you may remember .
anyone studying man from the outside as we study electricity or cabbages , not knowing our language and consequently not able to get any inside knowledge from us , but merely observing what we did , would never get the slightest evidence that we had this moral law .
so far from killing the taste of the egg and the tripe and the cabbage , it actually brings it out .
it was a desolate , featureless sort of country mainly devoted to cabbage and turnip , with poor hedges and few trees .
across the cabbage bed will do .
you do n't get ghosts of cabbages . ''
a cabbage stalk dropped softly on to the dean 's head .
and i do not see that it brings into the islands meat or bread or beer or wine or timber or cabbages or books or instruments of music or horses or armour or anything else worth having .
and cabbage , of course , and a bit of this and that .
not for carrots , onions , cabbages .
one village sat amongst bean fields , one planted mostly barleycorn , and the third cultivated rows of cabbages , carrots , onions , turnips , and melons .
no one wanted to be a cabbage or a turnip , so the last lot became the melons .
see here ... ` ` 25 % off happy hour prices at furby 's castle of cabbage '' . '
' well , if i said ` ` cabbage '' , ' said the apothecary , ' i would n't be saying the half of it . '
perhaps a carefully sorted collection of rotted cabbage stalks was a sign of big status in gnoll society .
there was no visible smoke , but the air was suffused with the cooking smell , something like a mixture of stewed cabbage and the wet green mold which grew on the deck beams in humid weather ; sour , cloying , and lingering upon the tongue .
books about cabbages went on the brassica shelves , ( blit ) uussfy890c9046 ( antiblit1.1 ) , although obviously mr cauliflower 's big adventure would be better placed in uuss j3.2 ( > blit ) 9 , while the tau of cabbage would certainly be a candidate for uuss ( blit+ ) 60 - sp55 - o9 - hl ( blit ) .
books about cabbages went on the brassica shelves , ( blit ) uussfy890c9046 ( antiblit1.1 ) , although obviously mr cauliflower 's big adventure would be better placed in uuss j3.2 ( > blit ) 9 , while the tau of cabbage would certainly be a candidate for uuss ( blit+ ) 60 - sp55 - o9 - hl ( blit ) .
and your father owned a lot of cabbage fields , ' said ridcully .
the sun was going down and the shadows were already drawing across the cabbage fields , but there was a figure on the road ahead , struggling .
i liked the way the vegetables were all laid out like jewelry in a velvet - lined case : cabbages tucked neatly next to shiny red peppers next to cucumbers next to lettuce , all of it misted over , regular , with a fine spray of water .
sometimes on hot days i 'd go to the store just to bend down and put my face over the lettuce and inhale , let the water hit the back of my neck and shoulders , and pretend i was nothing but a cabbage , or a flower in a greenhouse - with nothing to do but be cared for .
it tasted like old cabbage .
the vegetables were stewed cabbage , carrots , potatoes , corn and the fruits were to numerous to count .
how else could you explain the pots and pans and plates strewn throughout the camp , some still full with roasted cabbage and pork slices .
i ve made my special buttermilk muffins that mr . nick is partial to , and there s pickled asparagus , and cabbage with onions .
the furniture probably has nt changed that much , threadbare rug , collection of crosses , big jars of pickled cabbage on the table , old radio playingironicallythose were the days my friend , we thought they d never end .
he could not very well reassure her that grimthorpe would sooner we d a cabbage than a meagerly dowered young miss .
sigurd served a meager dinner of cabbage , carrots , and leek stew .
roasted chicken , honeyed pottage , eel , berries , plums , mead , cider , cabbage , carrots even the long oak table could barely contain such a food supply .
we ve had chiropractors , neurosurgeons , pediatricians and even cracks like phrenologists and these weird naturopathy people who want him to eat cabbage grown in sweden and drink tea with sharks cartilage made by monks in japan .
though of course mr.herron was wearing black silk breeches and tailcoat and mrs.herron a green watered silk gown that made her look a little like a cabbage .
do it now , turn into a pretty little pork stuffed cabbage , i teased her and cut her off a slice of my breakfast sausage , and then set it on her toast .
i had my own pony , a black and white creature that i called chou , which literally means cabbage , but can also mean darling .
she was cutting heads of cabbage , intending to brine a batch of sauerkraut .
much to elizas frustration , sarah put the cabbage inside and went to find hixson .
so that s why you have nt been making cup cheese or cabbage or any of the other good smelly stuff .
rocks , cabbage , and all kinds of filth were thrown onto the stage at us .
he was thinking about the soups made out of his potatoes , barley , tomatoes , leek , carrots , cabbage , beans , onions and other vegetables .
the braver rascals would occasionally sally with a stone , or rotten cabbage and then run , screaming , down the nearest close .
` ` it grows the finest cabbages and feeds the fattest pigs you have ever seen !
at the very least twill mean the stocks for you and i will only now be made content by throwing half a dozen cabbages at your head .
the audience , aware they were being cheated of their pennies , grew louder still and finally a cabbage hit the earl on the foot .
will you marry me , judith , or will i have to bear these cabbages every night for the rest of my life , for i promise you , until you do agree , i shall take up residence in a tent next to yours and travel england until one or the other of us is dead and buried .
one man , holding a cabbage in his hand , cried out , marry i m , else i will throw this beauty .
happily , there were no cabbages on this occasion only applause , a shouting of huzzas , and numerous whistles .
why could nt she have smelled like damp clothing or boiled cabbage ?
rose ran to greet henry and flung some cabbage leaves on the ground right in front of horace .
his breath reeked of spoiled cabbage .
rita brought the roast in , a dish of potatoes , and another of greens and cabbage .
she moved her cabbage around in her dish to stop them seeing her cheeks burning .
underneath the smell of cabbage and beans swirled the hint of blood .
i m so hungry , i could eat even their vile cabbage soup .
how would madeline feel if she gave up the church to marry you , and the boches exploded your fat head like a cabbage they love so much ?
the boches words accompanied a cloud of sour cabbage and bitter wine .
cook scooped a severed cabbage head from the basket of vegetables on the prep table behind him .
the smell of boiled meat , cabbage and potatoes guided luc .
he also hates cabbage .
it was time to get the garden plowed and early vegetables such as cabbage , onions and broccoli planted .
dinner was corned beef and cabbage .
grandmother worked the heads of cabbage faster up and down on the oblong wooden box with blades at the bottom .
her furious motions produced shreds of cabbage to be drowned in a vat of salt brine until it fermented and then canned in jars to be enjoyed throughout the long winter months .
at last she wiped her brow and sat down on an overturned bucket to gaze contentedly at her labors : row after row of squash , peas , melons , cabbage , and a row of pumpkins that would surely win her the first prize at the nauvoo fair next fall .
she found brigham young out in his garden , weeding his cabbage .
the explosion knocked luke to the ground , squashing a row of cabbages .
i personally ca nt wait to watch them spoon feed the cabbages .
hallucigenia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 1435 the 845 and 759 a 524 of 442 he 432 to 423 his 397 in 392 was 257 i 238 it 228 wallace 192 that 192 on 189 you 172 with 167 had 141 as 137 at 125 were 124 for 121 him 121 from 107 said 104 not 96 like 95 they 95 my 92 her 90 me 83 into 80 delaney 78 what 75 or 74 but 73 is 68 this 68 there 66 an 65 she 62 by 60 if 60 been 58 no 58 out 57 some 56 helen 55 be 55 about 54 did 54 over 53 when 52 up 52 got 51 all 48 one 47 too 43 wallace 's 42 we 42 so 41 do n't 41 your 41 choate 40 i ' m 40 more 40 around 39 back 38 them 37 old 37 face 37 then 36 mr 36 it 's 35 right 35 skip 34 could 34 something 34 man 34 their 33 have 32 hand 31 eyes 31 down 31 are 30 way 30 those 30 its 30 after 30 do 29 barn 29 went 29 where 29 made 29 black 28 going 28 who 28 know 28 off 28 maybe 28 through 27 did n't 27 see 27 door 26 just 26 another 26 here 26 tyler 25 big 25 house 24 would 24 why 24 how 23 time 23 took 23 head 23 before 23 saw 22 smith 22 want 22 pride 22 yeah 22 randy 21 that 's 21 get 21 any 21 again 21 only 21 now 21 nothing 21 oh 21 mouth 21 choates 21 anything 20 say 20 came 20 come 20 think 20 long 20 thought 20 called 20 which 19 never 19 much 19 well 19 things 19 dead 19 helen 's 19 two 18 near 18 dark 18 than 18 josh 18 okay 18 few 18 hell 18 might 18 i 'll 18 ever 18 while 18 these 18 night 18 thing 17 people 17 go 17 voice 17 left 17 kids 17 other 17 home 17 three 17 across 17 cigarette 16 gave 16 sure 16 horse 16 light 16 still 16 very 16 looked 16 always 16 tell 16 years 15 can 15 em 15 real 15 was n't 15 under 15 you 're 15 there 's 15 make 15 told 15 day 15 detective 14 hair 14 little 14 away 14 adams 14 glass 14 against 14 every 14 own 14 hands 14 started 14 between 14 since 13 good 13 property 13 inside 13 field 13 car 13 fingers 13 salter 13 though 13 himself 13 used 12 even 12 he 'd 12 he 's 12 smiled 12 whole 12 pylons 12 look 12 such 12 began 12 guard 12 certain 12 couple 12 sat 12 boss 12 savage 12 because 12 garden 12 asked 12 window 11 dropped 11 really 11 white 11 doing 11 neck 11 end 11 heard 11 uh 11 mind 11 except 11 hard 11 bruenig 11 turned 11 until 11 place 11 everything 11 call 11 each 11 hey 11 hole 11 shoulder 11 once 11 us 10 woman 10 dee 10 new 10 nose 10 most 10 fact 10 seen 10 i ' ve 10 road 10 best 10 phone 10 bottle 10 mean 10 bit 10 knew 10 men 10 kaleb 10 feet 10 happened 10 smile 10 find 10 became 10 put 10 guy 10 school 10 enough 9 better 9 deal 9 green 9 bad 9 dad 9 rolled 9 wrong 9 kept 9 past 9 our 9 bed 9 without 9 delaney 's 9 kind 9 pretty 9 wall 9 upon 9 decided 9 skull 9 almost 9 hanging 9 boys 9 wanted 9 office 9 stood 9 air 9 walls 9 far 9 eye 9 should 9 hip 9 earth 9 red 9 mostly 9 talk 9 beth 9 ago 9 cold 9 farm 9 love 9 trees 9 dunno 9 says 9 wife 9 yes 9 laughed 9 found 9 take 9 tried 9 looking 9 bout 9 along 9 room 8 job 8 behind 8 college 8 man 's 8 shit 8 onto 8 state 8 last 8 everywhere 8 cecil 8 seemed 8 strange 8 world 8 figure 8 number 8 would n't 8 lamp 8 brain 8 lay 8 need 8 young 8 business 8 during 8 drink 8 open 8 family 8 shoe 8 crack 8 security 8 had n't 8 opened 8 let 8 among 8 i 'd 8 rich 8 pulled 8 she 's 8 idea 8 small 8 ask 8 nearly 8 ca n't 8 huh 7 gone 7 matter 7 rocks 7 keep 7 grounds 7 table 7 nest 7 concrete 7 stuff 7 kinda 7 metal 7 department 7 chest 7 shadows 7 s 7 ceiling 7 sounds 7 probably 7 least 7 stuck 7 toward 7 else 7 woods 7 kate 7 somebody 7 is n't 7 hospital 7 cane 7 easy 7 guess 7 afraid 7 closed 7 days 7 guys 7 lights 7 olympia 7 lighted 7 girl 7 details 7 whatever 7 grass 7 life 7 care 7 thick 7 run 7 getting 7 wally 7 several 7 heart 7 legs 7 water 7 quite 7 suit 7 blood 7 same 7 gon na 7 am 7 must 7 weird 7 friend 7 got ta 7 are n't 7 does n't 7 click 7 drank 7 former 7 floor 7 heavy 7 desk 7 shirt 7 sister 7 live 7 high 6 gray 6 wild 6 set 6 hot 6 area 6 many 6 damn 6 gate 6 damned 6 bloody 6 they 'd 6 months 6 poured 6 where 's 6 great 6 choate 's 6 piece 6 creek 6 father 6 money 6 tom 6 liquor 6 playing 6 alley 6 course 6 sounded 6 soft 6 washington 6 cops 6 remember 6 charlie 6 sound 6 shot 6 cut 6 coming 6 camera 6 chinese 6 cell 6 throat 6 week 6 therapy 6 lot 6 nodded 6 moved 6 thin 6 land 6 guts 6 check 6 lucky 6 giant 6 wiped 6 although 6 kaleb 's 6 pressed 6 skip 's 6 caught 6 according 6 blue 6 drive 6 pushed 6 arm 6 station 6 answer 6 please 6 sense 6 bones 6 silence 6 attention 6 kid 6 will 6 problem 6 stars 6 handle 6 often 6 worms 6 parts 6 county 6 pills 6 shook 6 believe 6 sold 6 sort 6 wore 6 either 6 walked 6 noticed 6 side 6 brought 6 noises 6 first 5 taken 5 farther 5 trouble 5 fish 5 figured 5 yours 5 evening 5 building 5 reflection 5 expression 5 dragged 5 eventually 5 drinking 5 eating 5 tree 5 folks 5 foreign 5 we 'll 5 plastic 5 god 5 lips 5 cheek 5 crap 5 letters 5 move 5 brother 5 chair 5 sorry 5 they 're 5 d 5 someone 5 changed 5 beat 5 stop 5 3 5 flat 5 fly 5 tall 5 hi 5 next 5 shoulders 5 middle 5 music 5 tomorrow 5 flickered 5 hurt 5 nobody 5 have n't 5 worse 5 screwed 5 ferguson 5 being 5 different 5 jesus 5 waited 5 also 5 cancer 5 mess 5 pay 5 round 5 flies 5 dirt 5 filled 5 daddy 5 mud 5 mentioned 5 slapped 5 fellow 5 belly 5 above 5 elevator 5 flesh 5 nature 5 front 5 bunch 5 fine 5 waiting 5 doors 5 outside 5 graffiti 5 speak 5 darkness 5 anybody 5 cards 5 mass 5 smoked 5 cheap 5 lived 5 collection 5 large 5 built 5 history 5 guards 5 outta 5 janice 5 finished 5 close 5 shadow 5 private 5 nice 5 tight 5 dry 5 ring 5 cop 5 remembered 5 ya 5 branches 5 spread 5 smelled 5 taking 5 cameras 5 pocket 5 shoes 5 appeared 5 watched 5 dressed 5 track 5 done 5 loveless 5 story 5 fella 5 dozen 5 low 5 read 5 drove 5 supposed 5 accident 5 leave 5 town 5 name 5 glasses 5 bought 5 picture 4 seeing 4 warden 4 dalton 4 interesting 4 ran 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 breath 4 return 4 p 4 drunk 4 rose 4 anymore 4 cracks 4 happy 4 recognize 4 yellow 4 country 4 met 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 boy 4 estate 4 bottom 4 distorted 4 foot 4 knife 4 today 4 fire 4 smoking 4 patrons 4 talking 4 strands 4 how 's 4 quick 4 running 4 dirty 4 later 4 understand 4 ai n't 4 notice 4 soon 4 pictures 4 woo 4 smoke 4 shack 4 send 4 needed 4 rattled 4 rubbed 4 actually 4 roof 4 desert 4 doctor 4 meet 4 plenty 4 received 4 died 4 company 4 m 4 palm 4 slept 4 upstairs 4 physics 4 glanced 4 worried 4 deputy 4 what 's 4 sit 4 broken 4 doctors 4 worth 4 arizona 4 pool 4 leaned 4 meant 4 early 4 give 4 windows 4 veins 4 hesitated 4 nurse 4 tape 4 papers 4 suite 4 poetry 4 ancient 4 decades 4 floated 4 teeth 4 bridge 4 has 4 muffled 4 use 4 ice 4 pointed 4 bet 4 perhaps 4 forget 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 breast 4 worked 4 afternoon 4 somethin ' 4 heads 4 meanwhile 4 known 4 person 4 hated 4 line 4 slipped 4 working 4 wondered 4 let 's 4 itself 4 pants 4 wood 4 hate 4 anyway 4 tick 4 war 4 climbed 4 bag 4 main 4 morning 4 odd 4 loomed 4 wrecker 4 spoke 4 visit 4 case 4 walla 4 together 4 east 4 stared 4 wound 4 truly 4 balls 4 wedge 4 aside 4 grab 4 brothers 4 seems 4 rest 4 aware 4 thinking 4 second 4 images 4 thanks 4 otter 4 full 4 aliens 4 loves 4 drawn 4 noodles 4 considered 4 filthy 4 skin 4 mistuh 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 stopped 4 blunt 4 bear 4 raw 4 chavez 4 prison 4 hour 4 sent 4 crawl 4 raised 4 spot 4 ass 4 friends 4 yet 4 lives 4 book 4 dinner 4 anyhow 4 faces 4 morgan 4 television 4 wooden 4 lost 4 tesla 4 grinning 4 alive 4 ready 4 bull 4 blew 4 spring 4 1971 4 slightly 4 empty 4 grandfather 4 steps 4 ground 4 beneath 4 coast 4 could n't 4 shall 4 base 4 unknown 4 machine 4 familiar 4 forehead 4 shaking 4 game 4 exposed 4 staring 4 paul 4 clear 4 claimed 4 finally 4 scattered 4 photographs 4 wherever 4 joined 4 glance 4 gotten 4 short 4 paid 4 simply 4 buried 4 crossed 4 drop 4 lyle 4 bothered 3 counted 3 trust 3 arden 3 interview 3 favor 3 cool 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 resembled 3 owned 3 wo n't 3 sink 3 hear 3 truck 3 serious 3 hardwood 3 feeding 3 already 3 dripped 3 square 3 stains 3 arms 3 pride 's 3 hissed 3 whenever 3 bay - el 3 pulse 3 seconds 3 wire 3 burly 3 counting 3 freeman 3 cabinet 3 birth 3 both 3 dug 3 intercom 3 shut 3 sloshed 3 wet 3 huge 3 universe 3 chased 3 planning 3 restaurant 3 grateful 3 closely 3 late 3 appear 3 replaced 3 tail 3 card 3 sick 3 thursday 3 four 3 entire 3 sea 3 pneumonia 3 melted 3 hill 3 dream 3 temple 3 fat 3 watching 3 sitting 3 cigarettes 3 mounds 3 account 3 refused 3 hire 3 beyond 3 unlucky 3 picked 3 pit 3 fortune 3 turn 3 great - granddaddy 3 passed 3 conversation 3 joshua 3 goes 3 records 3 origin 3 beautiful 3 butt 3 following 3 fed 3 highway 3 usher 3 interested 3 birthday 3 fissure 3 screamed 3 fields 3 busted 3 plaster 3 antique 3 awful 3 hoped 3 welcome 3 ten 3 sweet 3 regarding 3 report 3 weekend 3 parked 3 hat 3 survived 3 part 3 sometimes 3 drag 3 master 3 west 3 screen 3 convinced 3 file 3 less 3 vodka 3 collapsed 3 fixed 3 accent 3 devil 3 lately 3 welded 3 hit 3 crowd 3 odor 3 grew 3 mima 3 liked 3 somehow 3 ones 3 recorder 3 wax 3 kitchen 3 clothes 3 carefully 3 kinds 3 barely 3 struck 3 pits 3 shone 3 funny 3 shattered 3 gun 3 crackled 3 tendrils 3 sucked 3 forest 3 hung 3 manner 3 stabbed 3 honest 3 besides 3 kate 's 3 dated 3 write 3 sucker 3 laid 3 holes 3 bedroom 3 ball 3 slippery 3 none 3 peered 3 divided 3 rough 3 possibly 3 hall 3 gravel 3 pleasure 3 seattle 3 ah 3 eel 3 surely 3 starts 3 slowly 3 shoebox 3 carried 3 required 3 animals 3 marlin 3 asphalt 3 pink 3 evidence 3 peacocks 3 realized 3 caused 3 french 3 pain 3 chuckled 3 played 3 edge 3 ruby 3 forth 3 son 3 you 'll 3 hills 3 angry 3 cry 3 wasp 3 dying 3 reason 3 dozens 3 suddenly 3 christmas 3 clouds 3 40s 3 spent 3 greasy 3 help 3 consciousness 3 feebly 3 matters 3 slack 3 senator 3 lots 3 birds 3 placed 3 rumors 3 premus 3 south 3 video 3 top 3 asking 3 professional 3 china 3 jagged 3 promised 3 puzzle 3 bar 3 interest 3 boot 3 poor 3 word 3 city 3 wrinkled 3 sagan 3 sonofabitch 3 houses 3 swear 3 per 3 performed 3 rendered 3 coulda 3 lance 3 swiftly 3 mine 3 wrapped 3 villa 3 hours 3 deeper 3 recently 3 stirred 3 comment 3 contained 3 dog 3 nam 3 designed 3 gestured 3 comes 3 ears 3 honey 3 sour 3 radiation 3 constantly 3 roots 3 cage 3 somewhere 3 concerned 3 moment 3 month 3 static 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 brand 3 heat 3 yanked 3 beside 3 artifacts 3 we 're 3 surface 3 normal 3 circles 3 crawled 3 art 3 grin 3 thoughts 3 viet 3 distance 3 paperwork 3 force 3 trembling 3 breeze 3 talked 3 itched 3 service 3 emerged 3 feeling 3 nothin ' 3 geologist 3 mixed 3 weight 3 tough 3 half 3 heck 3 drowned 3 bounced 3 moist 3 knocked 3 wrist 3 cause 3 were n't 3 stairs 3 equipment 3 blanket 3 hunting 3 slick 3 tired 3 deep 3 vacation 3 named 3 tracks 3 others 3 den 3 broke 3 feed 3 space 3 weeds 3 slid 3 collar 3 women 3 body 3 lobster 3 style 3 gap 3 dogs 3 tone 3 within 3 led 3 flushed 3 trip 3 travel 3 70s 3 attended 3 bored 3 covered 3 sideways 3 harold 3 knees 3 cake 3 joy 3 broad 3 dust 3 true 3 creepy 3 newspaper 3 hushed 3 ginger 3 names 3 point 3 hallucigenia 3 pipes 3 locked 3 should n't 3 glow 3 swallow 3 plant 3 held 3 try 3 milky 3 knob 3 flipped 3 present 3 version 3 driving 3 club 3 list 3 size 3 bentley 3 completely 3 sleeping 3 oozed 3 hang 3 shop 3 shake 3 party 3 counter 3 checked 3 woulda 2 unexpectedly 2 sodium 2 issue 2 load 2 strained 2 married 2 rigid 2 twenty 2 sluggish 2 fuck 2 bruenigs 2 nasa 2 screws 2 favorite 2 share 2 claustrophobic 2 tables 2 guest 2 source 2 local 2 depths 2 sweating 2 suspicion 2 show 2 wheel 2 limped 2 fresh 2 surprise 2 mimis 2 drugs 2 latter 2 devices 2 personal 2 trauma 2 vast 2 partner 2 radical 2 horns 2 huey 2 blink 2 wonder 2 missed 2 torso 2 research 2 brow 2 bring 2 perfect 2 drifted 2 appreciate 2 flew 2 offered 2 shelves 2 abruptly 2 squinted 2 nasty 2 twisted 2 holland 2 cor 2 reflections 2 ourselves 2 cocked 2 clamped 2 scotch 2 bein ' 2 rather 2 bleeding 2 plain 2 recommended 2 volume 2 plan 2 monstrous 2 rectangular 2 funnel 2 squid 2 postcards 2 necessary 2 pappy 2 fix 2 booze 2 nope 2 cult 2 crystal 2 hurts 2 chinamen 2 primordial 2 morbid 2 mixing 2 tools 2 handkerchief 2 furniture 2 splattered 2 pharaoh 2 listened 2 tie 2 routine 2 funky 2 inevitably 2 bean 2 shoot 2 yesterday 2 silent 2 player 2 humongous 2 action 2 coffee 2 orange 2 tyler 's 2 wearing 2 turning 2 recovery 2 wheels 2 thrown 2 dusk 2 aluminum 2 clutched 2 billy 2 fast 2 ripped 2 emanated 2 mister 2 series 2 climb 2 alone 2 switch 2 reservation 2 phantom 2 escaped 2 swept 2 carl 2 messing 2 begun 2 thinkin ' 2 lashes 2 craved 2 covets 2 frank 2 dear 2 traps 2 iron 2 convulsively 2 kicked 2 button 2 regained 2 rocker 2 eggheads 2 postcard 2 clippings 2 gulper 2 accepted 2 granny 2 sending 2 particular 2 violence 2 squirrel 2 radioactive 2 follow 2 continued 2 sticky 2 cells 2 shaded 2 narrow 2 order 2 prints 2 friday 2 gleamed 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 stoned 2 slumped 2 ghastly 2 wave 2 agency 2 child 2 slogging 2 grown 2 skeletal 2 hooves 2 cooled 2 flung 2 batted 2 curved 2 pal 2 skinned 2 wide 2 finger 2 lying 2 bone 2 motel 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 anyone 2 eight 2 forward 2 floors 2 stung 2 blown 2 pallid 2 wednesday 2 eager 2 curious 2 fence 2 authorities 2 monster 2 fuzzy 2 driveway 2 passenger 2 carson 2 randy 's 2 grease 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 shapes 2 n ' 2 dusted 2 miraculously 2 settle 2 stayed 2 fucked 2 basket 2 sloppy 2 screaming 2 blind 2 confused 2 caked 2 remainder 2 making 2 cleared 2 pipe 2 cologne 2 rode 2 bell 2 numerous 2 elbow 2 senior 2 chairs 2 awoke 2 degrees 2 pen 2 insects 2 dance 2 cargo 2 rainier 2 creaked 2 wig 2 unfortunately 2 paper 2 stadium 2 roaring 2 deserted 2 circle 2 washed 2 cast 2 coronary 2 cheeks 2 worry 2 carcass 2 iranian 2 handed 2 impression 2 ahead 2 whale 2 regarded 2 cables 2 engine 2 label 2 busy 2 wives 2 forced 2 needs 2 missing 2 brush 2 peculiar 2 detected 2 selling 2 squids 2 apes 2 aspirin 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 hopes 2 salt 2 rugs 2 bronze 2 older 2 tribe 2 hundred 2 blue - black 2 posts 2 break 2 hallway 2 oversized 2 demons 2 package 2 american 2 diligence 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 muttered 2 parents 2 term 2 friendly 2 quit 2 casino 2 honking 2 view 2 dwindling 2 discovered 2 cottage 2 loved 2 lone 2 crazy 2 drooling 2 fill 2 sex 2 news 2 sharp 2 followed 2 fascination 2 sank 2 straight 2 abandoned 2 hose 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 scare 2 gibberish 2 examined 2 pried 2 automatic 2 sneaking 2 acoustics 2 lurched 2 steiner 2 depression 2 forearm 2 lion 2 littered 2 chef 2 walk 2 wires 2 myriad 2 korean 2 heels 2 having 2 king 2 question 2 retreated 2 capitol 2 admit 2 makes 2 bled 2 pyramids 2 sheriff 's 2 loafers 2 fallen 2 coat 2 spiders 2 prevent 2 damp 2 pad 2 mating 2 throbbed 2 yup 2 standing 2 rush 2 europe 2 projects 2 blindness 2 sir 2 dialed 2 packed 2 rolling 2 scratchy 2 potatoes 2 device 2 shape 2 degree 2 butler 2 current 2 yard 2 cruised 2 overgrown 2 catch 2 mrs 2 gaps 2 christ 2 human 2 handsome 2 dripping 2 twice 2 sanity 2 cabinets 2 grinding 2 complex 2 reflex 2 nine 2 choke 2 pulp 2 grunted 2 auction 2 boiled 2 tottered 2 useful 2 clarity 2 library 2 occupants 2 words 2 infinitely 2 pinched 2 shallow 2 files 2 drawer 2 box 2 hired 2 dried 2 con 2 alien 2 distant 2 bruno 2 thrust 2 you 'd 2 safe 2 star 2 woozy 2 fool 2 notion 2 message 2 sunlight 2 stick 2 scope 2 sox 2 softly 2 taste 2 nearby 2 returned 2 grinned 2 burns 2 pop 2 sudden 2 kiss 2 major 2 adjoining 2 bastard 2 porter 2 fearful 2 noise 2 eldest 2 obviously 2 imagine 2 figures 2 cracked 2 curses 2 god 's 2 skeleton 2 setting 2 drummond 2 cordial 2 thank 2 girth 2 type 2 warped 2 ended 2 laundry 2 note 2 keeping 2 vomit 2 tub 2 partially 2 artwork 2 thurston 2 amount 2 police 2 knelt 2 occasionally 2 blowing 2 killing 2 holy 2 martinis 2 sorta 2 artist 2 selected 2 necessity 2 fingerprints 2 river 2 paxton 2 utterly 2 watch 2 johnny 2 quantum 2 index 2 peek 2 kissed 2 antiquity 2 sports 2 detail 2 does 2 process 2 maggots 2 families 2 lunch 2 physical 2 trunk 2 cleaning 2 difficult 2 dwell 2 print 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 indian 2 bizarre 2 plopped 2 development 2 bye 2 downstairs 2 unless 2 mired 2 flowers 2 mates 2 wrote 2 buses 2 goddamn 2 whoever 2 pounds 2 mystery 2 lady 2 painted 2 whispered 2 faint 2 droned 2 punched 2 nailed 2 symbols 2 cramped 2 items 2 60s 2 steel 2 kurt 2 forty 2 rogers 2 howled 2 disappear 2 biggest 2 factories 2 payton 2 fairly 2 pig 2 wished 2 arrival 2 aiming 2 rambling 2 weak 2 language 2 bowl 2 vacant 2 matched 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 busting 2 interior 2 advice 2 32 2 rubber 2 buy 2 hillbilly 2 marble 2 energy 2 system 2 mirror 2 nowhere 2 oak 2 avenue 2 spotted 2 assortment 2 calling 2 brains 2 switchblade 2 cattle 2 sky 2 doin ' 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 squirming 2 unidentified 2 study 2 recollections 2 dull 2 buzzed 2 sittin ' 2 california 2 ages 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 silver 2 coveralls 2 battered 2 changing 2 hood 2 photo 2 chill 2 rope 2 english 2 operation 2 shuffled 2 monoliths 2 returns 2 wonky 2 remnants 2 disappearances 2 rearview 2 oil 2 nah 2 jenson 2 frame 2 provided 2 strap 2 prescription 2 belt 2 gazed 2 gulped 2 rock 2 legend 2 grand 2 reek 2 memory 2 wilson 2 experiments 2 initial 2 awake 2 careful 2 pretended 2 stops 2 plate 2 record 2 shined 2 forgot 2 hollow 2 feel 2 cousin 2 scandal 2 juice 2 answering 2 mechanical 2 brawl 2 unstamped 2 work 2 stories 2 downtown 2 lock 2 portions 2 landing 2 miles 2 wool 2 shrill 2 wan na 2 whether 2 6 2 brutal 2 count 2 promise 2 screw 2 goin ' 2 indistinct 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 woo 's 2 melancholy 2 dreamt 2 pieces 2 keys 2 hidden 2 greased 2 however 2 bird 2 gallery 2 recalcitrant 2 year 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 entangled 2 citadel 2 jumped 2 hello 2 happen 2 electromagnetic 2 wind 2 warning 2 seeped 2 grim 2 rain 2 status 2 signed 2 warm 2 strip 2 smashed 2 vapor 2 miniature 2 groaned 2 partition 2 indeed 2 till 2 grandpa 2 artificial 2 satisfaction 2 de 2 disturbing 2 stunts 2 interference 2 manny 2 ets 2 darling 2 tacoma 2 dimensions 2 lunatic 2 losing 2 collected 2 sun 2 six 2 quality 2 daily 2 similar 2 guns 2 nails 2 hold 2 asleep 2 felt 2 free 2 scary 2 sons 2 loose 2 dim 2 occupied 2 you ' ve 2 shade 2 graduated 2 given 2 dabbed 2 chain 2 wwii 2 asian 2 truth 2 stripped 2 flinched 2 gesture 2 branch 2 investments 2 drum 2 silk 2 burrowed 2 tuesday 2 beer 2 public 2 offshore 2 yelling 2 fully 2 eastern 2 essentially 2 patiently 2 gambler 2 dangling 2 suppose 2 scientist 2 hummed 2 pitter - pat 2 drew 2 chuckle 2 faded 2 fourth 2 propped 2 deformed 2 boards 2 touch 2 noon 2 faculties 2 bloated 2 tongue 2 covers 2 cosmic 2 somewhat 2 waddel 2 rubbing 2 spare 2 store 2 dreams 2 bust 2 jews 2 oily 2 native 2 pale 2 tribal 2 jaguars 2 walking 2 decade 2 scalp 2 stench 2 gaping 2 guestroom 2 complicated 2 rude 2 muddy 2 longer 2 wheeze 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 rifle 2 prosthesis 2 sumac 2 press 2 background 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 50s 2 seltzer 2 should ' ve 2 glued 2 served 2 gloom 2 irish 2 solid 2 change 2 prease 2 friggin ' 2 fragments 2 cocktails 2 lurked 2 merrily 2 unnatural 2 pertaining 2 objects 2 humidity 2 inflection 2 cried 2 assumed 2 thor 2 liver 2 limits 2 bruenig 's 2 sandal 2 fancy 2 instead 2 sauce 2 vase 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 skinny 2 premises 2 tons 2 divorce 2 breakthrough 2 tapping 2 dingy 2 flabby 2 y'know 2 minute 2 elegant 2 formal 2 officer 2 pigs 2 fell 2 killed 2 depredations 2 tracking 2 stroke 2 dryly 2 peace 2 landed 2 sweetheart 2 reminiscent 2 jerry 2 detect 2 health 2 quiet 2 bitter 2 crank 2 stiffened 2 stage 2 specialist 2 fired 2 encroachment 2 street 2 reckless 2 freeman 's 2 raise 2 instant 2 blm 2 imagery 2 fumbled 2 vertigo 2 loyal 2 nephew 2 rattling 2 ride 2 burn 2 matinee 2 rear 2 brown 2 swore 2 folk 2 quarter 2 football 2 stupid 2 railing 2 reduced 2 ghosts 2 sergeant 2 slithered 2 it 'll 2 team 2 scene 2 totally 1 richer 1 distinguished 1 yelled 1 forging 1 coal 1 bonkers 1 swiveled 1 clambered 1 campfire 1 lumbar 1 show - stopping 1 belonged 1 huston 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 doorways 1 reshaped 1 expressions 1 glinting 1 sedan 1 unglued 1 steadily 1 fifty - first 1 throes 1 photograph 1 batting 1 wait 1 angel 's 1 unwanted 1 dates 1 wealthy 1 redfield 1 k 1 copyrights 1 shapeless 1 address 1 i d 1 tinker 's 1 lumbered 1 crop 1 flattened 1 mild 1 sightin 's 1 fair 1 fiercely 1 deprived 1 stranding 1 sheets 1 2002 1 dent 1 dominos 1 death 1 dodging 1 thumbnail 1 dandelion 1 booth 1 elijah 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 promenade 1 clerk 's 1 pestered 1 muck 1 quaking 1 polo 1 bird 's 1 invited 1 whoa 1 behemoth 1 affably 1 lift 1 yah 1 tidings 1 ashamed 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 striking 1 squatted 1 39 1 musk 1 puckered 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 cassette 1 snicked 1 cloistered 1 dinging 1 tableware 1 toured 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hive 1 drill 1 tires 1 sufficient 1 thumping 1 lack 1 all - fired 1 yank 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 parade 1 icebreaker 1 costumed 1 understandable 1 mesmerize 1 mason 1 los 1 highballs 1 robe 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 swath 1 episode 1 khaki 1 diva 1 proponent 1 fracture 1 burr 1 final 1 spend 1 thickly 1 uno 1 thanked 1 there 're 1 mutilations 1 fetched 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 apologies 1 saying 1 microwave 1 reserves 1 oddfellows 1 mound 1 implant 1 heavily 1 gleam 1 wad 1 tap 1 ike 's 1 thigh 1 fold 1 outrace 1 pile 1 champion 1 detailing 1 environments 1 flatbed 1 sees 1 virtue 1 position 1 holding 1 rent 1 god - fearin ' 1 bragging 1 commence 1 whistling 1 regs 1 owner 1 hocks 1 pail 1 buds 1 soda 1 soundless 1 belial 1 milk 1 riled 1 sweaty 1 hocus 1 gambling 1 crammed 1 roost 1 midlife 1 neurological 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 basso 1 oops 1 stiffly 1 bearing 1 quailed 1 smacking 1 web 1 shat 1 student 1 obvious 1 poison 1 architect 1 interviewing 1 payroll 1 smacked 1 nurtured 1 suffocating 1 skirted 1 blocky 1 dragon 1 degenerated 1 goosebumps 1 shovels 1 jackrabbits 1 vanilla 1 saint 1 1313 1 impatient 1 attendance 1 detached 1 dared 1 half - mast 1 considering 1 visitor 1 survey 1 car 's 1 parties 1 atrophy 1 winchester 1 gentleman 1 application 1 lumpen 1 driven 1 cruise 1 people 's 1 blocked 1 oyster 1 unload 1 alcan 1 honored 1 manfred 1 spied 1 graft 1 prior 1 multi - jointed 1 tugs 1 hopelessly 1 hanks 1 mainly 1 pug 1 speed 1 located 1 pass 1 insomuch 1 seamless 1 ventures 1 manager 1 arrowheads 1 gizmo 's 1 couch 1 gothic 1 marinated 1 chorus 1 liner 1 tetanus 1 half - collapsed 1 wallowing 1 valley 1 leatherneck 1 write - off 1 hereford 1 russell 1 eyebrow 1 half - formed 1 brittle 1 telescoped 1 snotty 1 adapt 1 imponderable 1 yessiree 1 atom - smasher 1 dish 1 checks 1 putrefied 1 sorted 1 governments 1 geological 1 monday 1 forearms 1 dilate 1 eram 1 kenya 1 route 1 anton 1 smith 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 hysterically 1 developer 1 muscular 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 stygian 1 afford 1 dr 1 doorknob 1 pulling 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 topside 1 anyways 1 patently 1 batteries 1 horrible 1 beams 1 self 1 alarms 1 absence 1 belong 1 nibbled 1 c'm on 1 headgear 1 threat 1 perry 1 jumpstarted 1 astronomer 1 amused 1 cute 1 shortening 1 whitewashed 1 age 1 scrawny 1 dancers 1 there 'd 1 sock 1 infinite 1 warlock 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 darned 1 draft 1 hug 1 scarlet 1 mental 1 rouse 1 howdy 1 tenants 1 bottles 1 key 1 restrooms 1 it 'd 1 prime 1 tiles 1 reckoned 1 harkened 1 yolk 1 tad 1 conquered 1 crinkly 1 monks 1 polyp 1 hope 1 mangled 1 dimly 1 heavy - duty 1 lodges 1 constricted 1 hasty 1 crappy 1 ingenious 1 exist 1 transformed 1 soccer 1 gets 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 devastating 1 hmm 1 brake 1 coherent 1 2 1 cloning 1 flexing 1 heirs 1 glutted 1 ours 1 supercharged 1 sideline 1 poised 1 reportin ' 1 affectation 1 gunned 1 clan 1 sinking 1 regain 1 taxes 1 introduce 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 drover 1 suction 1 taker 1 staggered 1 honors 1 dawn 1 thumbprint 1 jawing 1 glum 1 wait - wait 1 slat 1 hungry 1 affected 1 broadcasting 1 linebacker 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 starched 1 hydraulic 1 fly - buzz 1 cantonese 1 blast 1 plasma 1 wine 1 brrr 1 frequented 1 luck 1 officials 1 mercifully 1 shafts 1 featured 1 pulsing 1 bricks 1 inflamed 1 automatics 1 mucking 1 worn 1 19 1 participation 1 malloy 's 1 dante 1 directory 1 disjointed 1 armoire 1 scythe 1 expected 1 mousetrap 1 clawing 1 poulsbo 1 portrait 1 viscid 1 rib 1 name - unknown 1 rape 1 girl 's 1 habitat 1 steak 1 skipperoo 's 1 dick 1 chemosh 1 langan 1 jiggled 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 welt 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 welled 1 tangled 1 assembled 1 hallucination 1 popped 1 dresser 1 bare 1 professing 1 murmured 1 lord 1 sunburns 1 surprised 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 operated 1 elderly 1 contractors 1 sediment 1 phrases 1 yeoman 's 1 hells - bells 1 corridors 1 fergie 1 act 1 planned 1 throw 1 hula 1 gazelles 1 juices 1 wry 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 biceps 1 pilots 1 admin 1 pulsed 1 day - old 1 thighbone 1 ramshackle 1 jump - cuts 1 mutter 1 universities 1 withered 1 dynamo 1 waned 1 understanding 1 remaining 1 succumbed 1 damaged 1 german 1 imported 1 unobtrusive 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 prowling 1 jabber 1 hayloft 1 cadillac 1 torture 1 peeling 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ropes 1 adequately 1 recycling 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 riding 1 revulsion 1 conservative 1 prickle 1 standout 1 counterpart 1 terrace 1 shatter 1 unsteadily 1 syllable 1 beginnin ' 1 ensconced 1 tailor - made 1 renovated 1 awkward 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 housecleaner 1 drunkenly 1 gulf 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 short - term 1 jumpy 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 corresponded 1 rules 1 regimen 1 d'ya 1 chopper 1 engage 1 soldiering 1 original 1 splashed 1 poke 1 shivering 1 qualis 1 speedy 1 cough 1 armament 1 relations 1 soaked 1 suggested 1 destroyed 1 clearing 1 canada 1 dosage 1 tragically 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 accomplices 1 possible 1 helicopter 1 conspirator 1 bourbons 1 squared 1 hesse 1 tune 1 cramping 1 buttocks 1 mildew 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 queers 1 sworn 1 law 1 trail 1 collective 1 whirled 1 specimen 1 split 1 chicken 1 biological 1 discount 1 1910 1 brat 1 crabs 1 strewed 1 breaching 1 hosted 1 privately 1 verbosity 1 features 1 preferred 1 pleasantries 1 gutters 1 granta 1 harder 1 eli 1 notations 1 communicate 1 cereal 1 gathering 1 inches 1 chips 1 molecular 1 mouths 1 officers 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 preserved 1 yonder 1 jackhammer 1 langans 1 jaws 1 hiring 1 overly 1 enormous 1 intestines 1 group 1 earthquake 1 yep 1 unintelligible 1 buildings 1 five - year - old 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 radio 1 hubbub 1 rained 1 incompletely 1 tycoons 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 penitentiaries 1 wifey 1 queasy 1 urine 1 medical 1 dropping 1 wipe 1 kong 1 fightin ' 1 roads 1 theory 1 respective 1 reach 1 purely 1 eighty - six 'd 1 reliable 1 george 's 1 scarcely 1 twenty - something 1 classified 1 cancun 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 fever 1 foreclosed 1 snugly 1 nba 1 vicinity 1 faithfully 1 fragmented 1 overseer 1 surprisingly 1 worshiping 1 surgeon 1 softer 1 picturesque 1 living 1 prisons 1 deranged 1 traditional 1 itty - bitty 1 gawped 1 afternoons 1 11 1 sufficed 1 flotilla 1 suspected 1 zero 1 pilot 's 1 wagged 1 unwholesome 1 glutinous 1 grins 1 neat 1 saturday 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 moseyed 1 bloke 1 copy 1 practice 1 marianas 1 townies 1 prize 1 dusky 1 definitely 1 data 1 hiked 1 fan 1 hum 1 cantinas 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 beehive 1 confession 1 immigrant 1 bamboo 1 permitted 1 india 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 sedentary 1 bumpkin 1 nursed 1 franklin 1 departure 1 ends 1 bodyguard 1 trophy 1 utterance 1 esteemed 1 screwing 1 span 1 chavez 's 1 birthdays 1 headaches 1 chalked 1 protect 1 herself 1 takes 1 shirtless 1 strand 1 progenitor 1 planet 's 1 feculent 1 ribcage 1 sturdy 1 medications 1 cultures 1 doped 1 abject 1 need n't 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 essence 1 christians 1 jersey 1 mum 1 joked 1 pencil - dick 1 develop 1 dorm 1 watercolor 1 uncovered 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 intensify 1 yielding 1 capered 1 silverfish 1 spaces 1 snort 1 tripped 1 hassled 1 messy 1 expensive 1 18 1 breasts 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 forlorn 1 think - tank 1 grit 1 butter - soft 1 seated 1 start 1 geezer 1 swindled 1 trembled 1 admonished 1 shielded 1 actual 1 obscure 1 jeez 1 piss 1 intertwined 1 profile 1 electric 1 begins 1 jarred 1 notch 1 disco 1 callused 1 arteries 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 describe 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 chippies 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 simmerin ' 1 fistfuls 1 folder 1 flailing 1 fillin ' 1 flask 1 gin 1 giggled 1 traveling 1 reject 1 triple - a 1 acquired 1 jiving 1 natives 1 cooler 1 headphones 1 thousandfold 1 vet 1 flicked 1 detour 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 wrenches 1 marks 1 handy 1 bugs 1 sake 1 barn 's 1 feud 1 exquisitely 1 lamplight 1 ex - sheriff 's 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 prey 1 ted 1 piped 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 amazing 1 gruff 1 squabbles 1 chattered 1 palaver 1 cleft 1 class 1 thousands 1 americana 1 greenhouse 1 polynesia 1 hangers - on 1 sparky 1 rang 1 waist 1 nested 1 threads 1 slender 1 wallet 1 cecil 's 1 calf 1 etching 1 lemmesee 1 rust 1 applicants 1 cleaners 1 storm 1 undignified 1 diving 1 particle 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 parking 1 bargain 1 covetous 1 ducked 1 prickles 1 mid - thigh 1 horn 1 crabbed 1 employees 1 quietly 1 winter 1 ugly 1 investigating 1 fatter 1 sorts 1 servant 1 neither 1 explained 1 rewrote 1 pete 's 1 click - clocked 1 76 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shifted 1 ungainly 1 courthouse 1 cats 1 jungles 1 alto - relievo 1 brace 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 rim 1 fists 1 victim 1 noisy 1 prescribed 1 patrolled 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 swollen 1 stripes 1 means 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 disheveled 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 recall 1 moaned 1 barefoot 1 vfw 1 ached 1 pairing 1 park 1 reasonable 1 shrug 1 frankly 1 avaricious 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 choirboy 1 balanced 1 quagmire 1 darksome 1 microsoft 's 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 documentation 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 overlap 1 aw 1 vanishing 1 max 1 stays 1 axis 1 roll 1 modestly 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 dabbled 1 sand 1 john 1 ranks 1 beethoven 1 overlong 1 delayed 1 tobacco 1 waist - deep 1 seventeen 1 slime 1 glee 1 teat 1 ladder 1 disoriented 1 scar 1 twitches 1 droppings 1 blues 1 mountain 1 compatriots 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 akin 1 druggies 1 funhouse 1 george 1 disgorged 1 flank 1 loads 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 tinged 1 depending 1 dungarees 1 tremendous 1 talker 1 hull 1 feeble 1 hank 1 clubs 1 indigenous 1 meaningless 1 ink 1 receiver 1 gowns 1 banned 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 pizarro 1 1959 1 massively 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 valium 1 quieted 1 westerns 1 uniform 1 short - circuited 1 notes 1 overalls 1 fascinating 1 crashing 1 bid 1 17 1 agrarian 1 homicide 1 tiled 1 twelve 1 erected 1 hurriedly 1 fate 1 pete 1 kat 1 bus 1 intended 1 customs 1 fluorescent 1 drivers 1 handing 1 science 1 manicured 1 sparsa 1 pivoted 1 leather 1 industry 1 themselves 1 august 1 impulsive 1 scraped 1 lobbyists 1 tip 1 gracie 1 departed 1 ku 1 shimmering 1 stagger 1 acquisitions 1 coyly 1 tow 1 chewed 1 displayed 1 psycho 1 younger 1 diaper 1 schedule 1 oklahoma 1 summon 1 applied 1 fabric 1 calmed 1 condemnable 1 eat 1 function 1 scorched 1 looped 1 pony 1 cat 1 modulate 1 growled 1 halfway 1 crew 1 financial 1 wake 1 thrashing 1 configure 1 non 1 grades 1 relegated 1 blaze 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 rashes 1 vermiculate 1 middle - aged 1 practicing 1 ceilings 1 antiseptic 1 indians 1 gourds 1 suffused 1 gorilla 1 hiding 1 klan 1 resisted 1 tailgate 1 heir 1 deserved 1 sobriety 1 dump 1 focus 1 basis 1 ability 1 knee - jerk 1 slithering 1 hemingway 1 tommy 1 employed 1 world - beater 1 son 's 1 granddad 1 waggled 1 trailer 1 13 - wide 1 yellowing 1 sighed 1 gems 1 gauzy 1 feats 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 garage 1 settled 1 barret 1 razor 1 merry 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 accurate 1 khakis 1 centralia 1 off - campus 1 se 1 miter 1 remove 1 scribble 1 jittering 1 blooming 1 unrecognizable 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 disappeared 1 trudging 1 hick 1 elephant 1 scattering 1 familial 1 ritual 1 tattled 1 golfer 's 1 piglet 1 des 1 buttons 1 conceding 1 offing 1 healthy 1 buzzing 1 sublevels 1 battleship 1 nitty - gritty 1 gucci 1 missin ' 1 could ' ve 1 squawked 1 studying 1 unsavory 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 consider 1 alliance 1 twins 1 bathrobe 1 dissolve 1 satanism 1 dating 1 twitching 1 weapon 1 zombie 1 stonehenge 1 lower 1 freight 1 contracted 1 gestated 1 lipstick 1 heavens 1 lit 1 accounts 1 soo 1 slit 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 posh 1 bothers 1 crosshatched 1 yoo - hoo 1 neighborhood 1 digging 1 et 1 scratching 1 contamination 1 fractures 1 involved 1 pulses 1 ambulance 1 entourage 1 god - awful 1 undercurrent 1 founded 1 newton 1 drone 1 university 1 loud 1 baptists 1 pocus 1 deserves 1 today 's 1 visiting 1 dt 's 1 undocumented 1 faux 1 eggshell 1 spilling 1 ninety - eight 1 inventions 1 clap 1 seventy - five 1 diesel 1 therapist 1 corroded 1 sickened 1 deposited 1 ranging 1 ship 1 ahh 1 teams 1 gravid 1 unattached 1 ex - jarhead 1 straps 1 powerful 1 rum 1 boxed 1 alarmingly 1 peripheral 1 tangles 1 fractured 1 crisis 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 bunched 1 impending 1 specter 1 ruled 1 banquets 1 exit 1 gurgling 1 acres 1 axes 1 coven 1 havoc 1 margie 1 unpacked 1 tavern 1 culture 1 movements 1 curve 1 genetic 1 smug 1 furrow 1 inscrutable 1 carries 1 dublin 1 rattlesnake 1 all - american 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 esoteric 1 shipped 1 ye 1 dialer 1 guttural 1 exchanged 1 desolate 1 recent 1 so - called 1 beth 's 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 migraine 1 australia 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 tweeds 1 padded 1 beheld 1 gaped 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 roused 1 menagerie 1 carved 1 phoned 1 snipped 1 fetus 1 bake 1 formations 1 borrowed 1 halls 1 ton 1 allowance 1 directed 1 depressing 1 compounded 1 blearily 1 stub 1 killer 1 garbled 1 theater - sized 1 walnut 1 startle 1 plunged 1 flashed 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 marker 1 thunderous 1 prominent 1 skirt 1 earl 1 abscond 1 murder 1 maniacal 1 yogis 1 hurry 1 aka 1 intemperate 1 abductions 1 teagues 1 masked 1 flaccidly 1 deciding 1 fern 1 master 's 1 baby 1 praying 1 addiction 1 shoulda 1 respectable 1 84 1 murk 1 crews 1 considerin ' 1 tailor 1 equilibrium 1 humps 1 vanished 1 spiky 1 ribs 1 evolved 1 executive 1 seed 1 socialites 1 parcel 1 jammed 1 possessed 1 lie 1 confiding 1 abstractedly 1 various 1 klux 1 shellshock 1 lanky 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 strutted 1 harper 's 1 idled 1 overwhelming 1 lint 1 lapped 1 biologist 1 july 1 decorated 1 hid 1 may 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 operations 1 institutionalized 1 coyotes 1 casinos 1 installed 1 attached 1 chasms 1 kermit 1 trained 1 immediate 1 keloid 1 1916 1 requested 1 caltech 1 porn 1 getup 1 ace 1 census 1 hurried 1 relieved 1 wardrobe 1 wild - ass 1 communities 1 tigers 1 mockery 1 blocks 1 tactics 1 fooling 1 wryly 1 tickling 1 bastard 's 1 inheritors 1 examination 1 holds 1 stultified 1 impulse 1 dungeon 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 hamstrung 1 drawings 1 casings 1 clandestine 1 error 1 clicked 1 crimson 1 discerning 1 toppled 1 leaking 1 brandy 1 managed 1 mastiffs 1 southeast 1 loped 1 bulging 1 vault 1 hulking 1 416 1 farmland 1 proved 1 identical 1 event 1 swaggered 1 cheating 1 retained 1 maw 1 stevens 1 feed 's 1 oxygen 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 contemplated 1 included 1 pucker 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 veritable 1 blackened 1 rot 1 three - quarters 1 straggled 1 stander 1 fishbowl 1 offended 1 pressure 1 punctiliously 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 traversed 1 eagerly 1 lusterless 1 cortical 1 trim 1 maple 1 spit 1 maroon 1 coverlet 1 federal 1 cheekbone 1 shacking 1 largely 1 heritage 1 mt 1 gaunt 1 outright 1 geographic 1 polynesian 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 pub 1 1890s 1 flopping 1 profundo 1 lieutenant 1 snowball 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 gears 1 statuary 1 tubes 1 paw 1 convulsion 1 collect 1 eyewitness 1 shackled 1 cockamamie 1 slammed 1 skewed 1 toast 1 rigging 1 bandages 1 exhaustion 1 fund 1 fear 1 emigrated 1 ha 1 hobo 1 shaitan 1 legally 1 unlikely 1 79 1 stoic 1 half - full 1 clattering 1 clobber 1 guinness 1 plugged 1 b - barn 1 corral 1 incomprehensible 1 royally 1 elephantine 1 cash 1 vacate 1 jacking 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 gossen 's 1 disinterest 1 lonnie 1 500 1 shipping 1 forbade 1 islands 1 ruined 1 join 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 rumbling 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 ballroom 1 uw 1 charismatic 1 jacob 1 gentle 1 councilman 1 beetles 1 ruby 's 1 where ' ve 1 unit 1 contagious 1 lobotomizing 1 piled 1 traitorously 1 diggin ' 1 two - finger 1 drooping 1 musty 1 socket 1 marengo 1 febrile 1 greater 1 rows 1 formidable 1 dangerous 1 salter 's 1 uncapped 1 secondhand 1 script 1 dayshift 1 discussed 1 comfortable 1 saddle 1 june 1 grain 1 grinds 1 north 1 ducts 1 recollection 1 16 1 dispossessed 1 grounded 1 existed 1 chamber 1 mortals 1 majored 1 candidates 1 computer 1 dealt 1 staccato 1 ambitions 1 ward 1 jubilantly 1 dubious 1 admiration 1 dining 1 mel 1 nastiness 1 rancid 1 retrieve 1 pained 1 off - limits 1 crewcut 1 sexy 1 routinely 1 cooling 1 classical 1 1958 1 ph 1 snowy 1 ghoulish 1 graveyard - shift 1 framework 1 jewelry 1 gasses 1 eyed 1 prone 1 praise 1 miranda 1 bulls 1 combs 1 stitched 1 accustomed 1 tan 1 scientific 1 stockyard 1 madcap 1 planks 1 blighted 1 pa 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 trespassing 1 magnificently 1 tossed 1 velvet - dim 1 disturbance 1 egghead 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 two - inch 1 drunkenness 1 o 1 apparatus 1 housing 1 string 1 mustache 1 heaves 1 infidels 1 kinky 1 psychology 1 cannibal 1 imitation 1 animated 1 notebook 1 fitting 1 buddy 1 apprised 1 apart 1 achieve 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 yessir 1 stretched 1 swirl 1 alert 1 darting 1 corners 1 hotel 1 jowls 1 smoldered 1 cuba 1 trove 1 muckin ' 1 ribbed 1 keeps 1 outskirts 1 drapes 1 1915 1 revelry 1 83 1 drooled 1 desperate 1 friendliness 1 reliably 1 gnawed 1 medication 1 coarse 1 lined 1 grant 1 pompoms 1 ample 1 alongside 1 filling 1 apple 1 despite 1 dramas 1 switched 1 nameless 1 citizen 1 picturing 1 meditating 1 junior 1 wacky 1 temperature 1 lodge 1 constructs 1 minutes 1 panels 1 korea 1 pine 1 powers 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 clover 1 lolled 1 corpsman 1 revisited 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 charge 1 daggers 1 rusty 1 weals 1 toys 1 sandwiches 1 pitchforks 1 false 1 macy 1 inferior 1 facility 1 periodic 1 eels 1 what 're 1 airplanes 1 ill - fitting 1 brewery 1 twenties 1 outburst 1 observed 1 moonbeams 1 uh - hmm 1 ponytail 1 profane 1 spaghetti 1 texas 1 chin 1 indiscretions 1 gettin ' 1 thicker 1 via 1 whisper 1 kit 1 scorpions 1 syrup 1 owns 1 scars 1 chops 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 fleshy 1 darkest 1 hoarse 1 rail 1 actress 1 gift 1 pumpkins 1 dresses 1 partying 1 indemnity 1 mmm - mm 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 uncles 1 frayed 1 stonily 1 rift 1 planet 1 unhinge 1 carlotta 1 effect 1 revolved 1 bushes 1 ufos 1 backs 1 piano 1 floatin ' 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 jags 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 southwest 1 entrance 1 blackening 1 bullshit 1 bunks 1 wanders 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 scenic 1 combined 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 yammering 1 play 1 4 1 blanked 1 drifting 1 ribbon 1 thinks 1 wobbly 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 circuits 1 learned 1 migrate 1 robed 1 there ' 1 malicious 1 scab 1 mighty 1 cable 1 distraction 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 spotty 1 flapping 1 proper ' 1 heal 1 ceded 1 accelerate 1 traipsed 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 seal 1 access 1 incredible 1 ol ' 1 board 1 etcetera 1 carrots 1 choked 1 unaccounted 1 chopped 1 latticed 1 advisers 1 grasp 1 activity 1 gooks 1 tissues 1 presence 1 urban 1 fabrication 1 peasant 1 swig 1 dumpster 1 nudged 1 sobered 1 reckon 1 chicks 1 lonely 1 slackened 1 brushfire 1 cow 1 beauty 1 fussy 1 cheyenne 1 virginia 1 mozart 1 snakes 1 sheriff 1 thailand 1 cans 1 stretch 1 grotty 1 solemnly 1 grafted 1 western 1 faced 1 cabbage 1 nipples 1 skimmed 1 mastermind 1 quart 1 bonus 1 jesse 1 surging 1 bijou 1 rosebushes 1 abundance 1 scavengers 1 beard 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 browning 1 barrel 1 meeting 1 geography 1 varying 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 alaska 1 levitate 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 maverick 1 nests 1 unstoppable 1 companion 1 swiped 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 engines 1 visions 1 tits - up 1 african 1 contact 1 famous 1 bearers 1 muertos 1 slippers 1 plane 1 wrestler 1 sizzle 1 quaaludes 1 seek 1 spider 1 sylvester 1 lavey 's 1 forcing 1 wrenched 1 barkin ' 1 forsythia 1 hunted 1 hung - over 1 fighting 1 pronounce 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 chick 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 respecting 1 tea 1 elocution 1 men 's 1 1927 1 surfing 1 half - finished 1 four - star 1 plinth 1 adrenalized 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 paragraphs 1 settlement 1 magician 1 widows 1 pouring 1 empire 1 yourself 1 proposed 1 farewell 1 frills 1 passion 1 unwieldy 1 bona 1 era 1 unclear 1 smellin ' 1 ransacked 1 rattlesnakes 1 additional 1 canasta 1 oil - stained 1 tickled 1 stare 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 twinkled 1 bustin ' 1 wrangling 1 trench 1 repressed 1 loaned 1 correspondence 1 chicanery 1 sneering 1 reformed 1 absently 1 spiel 1 whirring 1 pangs 1 freezing 1 turkey 1 admiring 1 whipping 1 curled 1 slug 1 clusters 1 hutchison 1 grief 1 shout 1 ahem 1 gunner 1 watery 1 ankles 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 ceremonial 1 biology 1 tiger - striped 1 quarters 1 hector 1 off - duty 1 impossibly 1 spoiled 1 grace 1 plus 1 necking 1 brillo 1 askin ' 1 yelm 1 quaked 1 denial 1 cup 1 gadgets 1 skins 1 zippo 1 peering 1 emergo 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 pattered 1 poger 1 bopped 1 laugh 1 arrange 1 magicians 1 sponge 1 mom 1 rotted 1 countless 1 sadistic 1 indicated 1 vow 1 threw 1 nebulas 1 power 1 self - made 1 gangrenous 1 traitorous 1 sneered 1 period 1 coop 1 strong - arm 1 inexorably 1 claim 1 heh 1 calming 1 deposits 1 pads 1 forbidden 1 mansion 1 mummy 1 players 1 flick 1 thy 1 stroking 1 groovy 1 sluice 1 plants 1 policeman 's 1 heavies 1 grating 1 exotic 1 adaptation 1 bend 1 patted 1 downed 1 aunt 1 speaking 1 cortez 1 argentina 1 systems 1 inherited 1 might ' ve 1 grip 1 sticking 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 add 1 surgery 1 essentials 1 swell 1 including 1 control 1 sue 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 bureau 1 february 1 revolves 1 mit 1 5 1 blankets 1 barb 1 kick 1 happens 1 content 1 phalluses 1 crypts 1 treads 1 peacock 1 timely 1 pussy 1 1926 1 wife 's 1 frowning 1 rolodex 1 agree 1 boston 1 fellas 1 transport 1 solely 1 festered 1 pill- 1 sifted 1 create 1 below 1 altered 1 vans 1 o'clock 1 lamb 's 1 pitying 1 shaped 1 gut 1 pinafore 1 critically 1 communion 1 adventure 1 grade 1 stalling 1 eerily 1 cultist 1 unannounced 1 methods 1 1947 1 shroud 1 nonstop 1 squeaked 1 prototype 1 t 1 latrine 1 laying 1 futility 1 sad 1 duration 1 american - controlled 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 shitting 1 mock 1 writing 1 wooly 1 marry 1 whack 1 ticket 1 parkinson 's 1 implements 1 undone 1 loosest 1 naw 1 drunks 1 rising 1 boulders 1 dented 1 corrections 1 suits 1 strangling 1 distinction 1 caller 1 champing 1 relative 1 packet 1 gasping 1 inverse 1 mannequin 1 saucer 1 ignited 1 forms 1 neutral 1 hampton 1 childhood 1 four - point - oh 1 mask 1 precluded 1 scans 1 who 's 1 spirits 1 heartbeat 1 shoved 1 impaired 1 salmon 1 bundle 1 post 1 nifty 1 sprinkling 1 lever 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 gaslight 1 muted 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pins 1 slope 1 oughta 1 pack 1 cistern 1 heaving 1 connection 1 closest 1 listening 1 mayor 1 procured 1 definition 1 spanish 1 bang 1 polka 1 prowlers 1 mesmerized 1 condensation 1 breathed 1 tumor 1 swedish 1 slobbering 1 sculptures 1 beast 1 amongst 1 regis 1 clinic 1 wild - eyed 1 middleweight 1 opener 1 monthly 1 bulldozer 1 prairie 1 highlights 1 joint 1 replied 1 alternate 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 horse 's 1 cooking 1 promotion 1 mysteries 1 manufacturer 1 husky 1 chock 1 wheezy 1 1895 1 coverall 1 unlit 1 winding 1 pick 1 upward 1 ambience 1 dyed - in - the - wool 1 discussing 1 grudgingly 1 tear 1 broadly 1 13 1 distinguish 1 graves 1 relics 1 saved 1 effects 1 healed 1 drained 1 newly 1 crumbling 1 date 1 oriental 1 anxieties 1 implication 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 install 1 leaded 1 wit 1 antibiotics 1 pistols 1 happening 1 crazy - mean 1 flesh - tone 1 shades 1 elevating 1 solitary 1 brings 1 high - tech 1 crusty 1 lind 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 closing 1 doomed 1 ambitious 1 15 1 battles 1 nip 1 jangling 1 isolated 1 sofa 1 model 1 national 1 ma 1 reserve 1 spooked 1 stand 1 streamers 1 neighbors 1 fist 1 undulating 1 blackberry 1 doorjamb 1 staid 1 addressed 1 stainless 1 explain 1 beginning 1 mid-'60s 1 rilled 1 knotty 1 highly 1 rifles 1 husbands 1 similarly 1 essay - worthy 1 briton 1 strictly 1 genial 1 musta 1 bums 1 wheat 1 peckers 1 futile 1 sooner 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 supervisor 1 clark 1 driver 's 1 double - headed 1 tiered 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 places 1 slight 1 rice 1 encouragement 1 smog 1 midwest 1 imposition 1 45 1 safely 1 attract 1 sailed 1 slip 1 injuries 1 lean 1 belts 1 blow 1 fabricated 1 primal 1 grieving 1 articles 1 prove 1 entertain 1 reputation 1 altar 1 hold - ups 1 disposed 1 graced 1 stalks 1 cart 1 bellevue 1 sauna 1 hymn 1 episodes 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 unusual 1 opaque 1 closet 1 trace 1 earned 1 extra 1 touched 1 bonfire 1 hinges 1 candlelit 1 goods 1 motto 1 wimpy 1 yards 1 snufalupagus 1 sun - dried 1 caw - ca - caw 1 groove 1 purple 1 spooky 1 toy 1 sucks 1 nicked 1 densely 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 trussed 1 crows 1 charity 1 clump 1 pseudo - honeymoon 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 henhouse 1 boredom 1 pistol - whipping 1 evident 1 hinky 1 faithful 1 aspera 1 malaysia 1 carousel 1 wandering 1 raising 1 tellin ' 1 lucrative 1 dawned 1 wally - dear 1 half - expected 1 ramming 1 bengal 1 everybody 1 kicker 1 waved 1 cemetery 1 pistol 1 butts 1 deck 1 reshaping 1 triangle 1 sledgehammer 1 bakkers 1 med 1 circulatin ' 1 budge 1 speaker 1 defeat 1 remains 1 tactical 1 morass 1 salute 1 tales 1 hotels 1 murky 1 faltered 1 movement 1 lazy 1 baroque 1 removed 1 varnished 1 cadence 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 violent 1 pixilated 1 noggin 1 godofbloatchemoshbaalpeeorbelphegor 1 luxury 1 demon 1 kelp 1 kindergartner 1 acquire 1 strain 1 nosed 1 calaban 1 separated 1 get - go 1 types 1 accepting 1 apex 1 monitor 1 rested 1 abroad 1 zigzag 1 hicks 1 land 's 1 puhlease 1 parlors 1 memories 1 revolvers 1 hunt 1 credit 1 determine 1 undulation 1 steadied 1 become 1 snapped 1 fuss 1 reams 1 motions 1 disavowed 1 burned 1 meds 1 louder 1 perfume 1 v - j 1 dental 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 cherry 1 hairspray 1 texture 1 buddies 1 pitched 1 pleased 1 assistance 1 swing 1 chose 1 stares 1 lead 1 leaves 1 caution 1 glaciers 1 shivered 1 receded 1 discipline 1 sip 1 wishes 1 phlegm 1 comic 1 resemblance 1 black - and - white 1 governor 's 1 blueprints 1 shoving 1 glittering 1 mustard - yellow 1 blackjack 1 unhappy 1 whisked 1 spouting 1 whose 1 ditty 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 photographic 1 cd 1 depicting 1 pillows 1 backward - slanting 1 coagulation 1 america 1 anarchist 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 encourage 1 engineering 1 slowed 1 scheme 1 lodged 1 complacent 1 bound 1 chauffeur 1 uncle 1 attorney - at - law 1 leg 1 october 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 reported 1 butted 1 fall 1 bowels 1 peruvian 1 terror 1 camel 1 tarot 1 pinching 1 docks 1 naturally 1 avocations 1 ineffable 1 happenin 's 1 conducted 1 superconductor 1 thoughtful 1 bayonet 1 transylvanian 1 featureless 1 patriarch 1 landscaped 1 shelled 1 forever 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 refuses 1 hanford 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 devil 's 1 specifically 1 army 1 movers 1 sprang 1 sadness 1 eyeballing 1 leaden 1 enjoyed 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 plushest 1 shakes 1 dumb 1 africa 1 circuit 1 ducking 1 court 1 milled 1 razed 1 clientele 1 backed 1 orphaned 1 introspection 1 progress 1 minor 1 lovers 1 sleepy 1 high - stakes 1 structures 1 elizabeth 1 reeled 1 performin ' 1 civilized 1 clanging 1 evolve 1 rolls 1 tropical 1 perturb 1 membranous 1 oh - so - cozy 1 countries 1 thermostat 1 towel 1 anti - mirror 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 bucks 1 appearances 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 intermarried 1 tuna 1 block 1 achilles ' 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 regards 1 grow 1 double 1 distinctly 1 sum 1 hoeing 1 edgy 1 hallucinatory 1 dabbing 1 greek 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 brief 1 crushed 1 array 1 dad 's 1 estimated 1 scowling 1 denture - perfect 1 steeped 1 streaks 1 allowed 1 what - have - you 1 site 1 net 1 we ' ve 1 gobi 1 laboratory 1 arcane 1 moped 1 walrus 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 remind 1 worst 1 slugs 1 marbles 1 barbwire 1 wizard 1 witness 1 shucks 1 imagined 1 gardener 1 knuckle 1 disney 1 badger 1 cubes 1 stalwart 1 stew 1 fluttered 1 wasps ' 1 abomination 's 1 afflicted 1 thousand 1 foul 1 avant - garde 1 craggy 1 nights 1 reasons 1 gatherings 1 half - dozen 1 miners 1 heel 1 witch 1 hem 1 run - of - the - mill 1 migrated 1 developments 1 marine 1 hiccupping 1 amassing 1 provoked 1 carted 1 magnet 1 remarkably 1 combed 1 thickened 1 joints 1 barbs 1 steer 1 homegrown 1 manmade 1 foyer 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 1954 1 emphasis 1 infection 1 tore 1 moon 1 vertical 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 sewage 1 tar 1 lispy 1 churning 1 skimpy 1 lassitude 1 slouched 1 waltz 1 coughed 1 walker 1 doodads 1 timber 1 mandarin 1 popular 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 caddy 1 ruins 1 fide 1 digger 1 feels 1 traffic 1 yorker 1 shocking 1 death - warmed - over 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 no - go 1 entrenched 1 benchwarmer 1 bandaged 1 livid 1 students 1 locally 1 reassured 1 rash 1 guy 's 1 countered 1 hennessy 1 recovered 1 retired 1 scabs 1 markers 1 folds 1 christmases 1 breed 1 cries 1 fantastic 1 denim 1 pitch 1 converted 1 y'might 1 illegitimate 1 steam 1 homestead 1 reserved 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 sensual 1 sharpened 1 buzzer 1 indispensable 1 putrescence 1 masonic 1 involving 1 litter 1 witches 1 weeks 1 epicenter 1 cider 1 tower 1 cars 1 formula 1 horizon 1 umbrella 1 wattage 1 leery 1 convolutions 1 increased 1 frequent 1 pop - eyed 1 pretend 1 frames 1 profs 1 domes 1 approached 1 weapons 1 haunting 1 grandma 's 1 disgusted 1 elongated 1 hanger 1 flanks 1 food 1 knick - knacks 1 vision 1 squishing 1 dray 1 cloth 1 warps 1 bits 1 one - time 1 bright 1 satan 1 flowed 1 rut 1 summer 1 titters 1 barked 1 aquarium 1 waste 1 push 1 bypass 1 precise 1 hand - sewn 1 hollowness 1 butlery 1 whiskey 1 populated 1 finest 1 jameson 1 operate 1 labor 1 license 1 extra - wide 1 bags 1 periphery 1 knot 1 evolution 1 sorcerer 1 explanation 1 prying 1 7 1 w - what 1 scholarship 1 tool 1 undersea 1 twittered 1 mount 1 unkind 1 impressive 1 doubled 1 sinews 1 snoqualmie 1 night 's 1 overrun 1 barn - b - barn 1 kamikaze 1 charred 1 orders 1 courted 1 staph 1 hong 1 pissed 1 alarm 1 complained 1 fragile 1 vaguely 1 massaged 1 tramping 1 aged 1 rimless 1 amazement 1 bosom 1 alcohol - fueled 1 something 's 1 duties 1 thewed 1 buncha 1 shining 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 nabbed 1 comforter 1 official 1 inattentiveness 1 solve 1 securing 1 ad 1 willies 1 link 1 grilled - in 1 lingered 1 bric - a - bracs 1 chat 1 thatcher 1 heating 1 leaks 1 airlifted 1 snowshoes 1 parlor 1 judgment 1 conical 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 northwestern 1 macabre 1 trash 1 expert 1 female 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 carter 1 bolted 1 incident 1 attack 1 regenerative 1 biblical 1 reeked 1 amalgam 1 prehistoric 1 dandelions 1 hardy 1 urge 1 nylon 1 intermittent 1 worshipers 1 dose 1 visited 1 motive 1 two - headed 1 supersymmetry 1 filaments 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 saturated 1 chaos 1 braids 1 adams ' 1 cotter 1 transferred 1 albino 1 brushloads 1 assure 1 haggard 1 morphine 1 demerol 1 squat 1 rounds 1 payback 1 wolf 1 slapping 1 centered 1 tackle 1 lunged 1 controlled 1 mood 1 rustling 1 stale 1 youngsters 1 x - ray 1 draped 1 furiously 1 legendary 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 oddly 1 frying 1 problems 1 numero 1 kirlian 1 lowered 1 engineer 1 hysteria 1 inched 1 pyre 1 ovo 1 elks 1 sections 1 reed 1 tripping 1 companies 1 1967 1 accessory 1 wasps 1 chemical - rich 1 beans 1 vienna 1 comprehension 1 crippled 1 seesawed 1 prohibitive 1 bow 1 signature 1 happenstance 1 gobs 1 inhalation 1 cinders 1 legible 1 elf 1 viciousness 1 intact 1 darted 1 radar 1 sonsofbitches 1 crackling 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 hallucinating 1 magnum 1 sharpness 1 subordinates 1 lookin ' 1 yapped 1 serrated 1 telemarketer 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 generator 1 brouhaha 1 washroom 1 frog 1 razzle - dazzle 1 glad 1 brit 1 hatched 1 helmut 1 spikes 1 tire 1 commanded 1 donated 1 babbling 1 written 1 unable 1 rap 1 dude 1 bullets 1 gritted 1 completed 1 buddha 1 coors 1 suffered 1 obtained 1 nickel - plated 1 tearing 1 wants 1 splinted 1 solemn 1 blitzed 1 apparently 1 multi - tiered 1 big - game 1 off - key 1 recessed 1 myself 1 echoed 1 headlock 1 proceeding 1 jellyfish 1 steiners 1 smartest 1 grains 1 painting 1 how 'd 1 dope 1 waaay 1 skips 1 high - class 1 sandy 1 acted 1 wear 1 stony 1 357 1 acuity 1 filigreed 1 pastures 1 loops 1 echoes 1 dollars 1 johnsons 1 lattice 1 legal 1 pegboard 1 statue 1 nuptials 1 diapers 1 trusted 1 fleeing 1 level 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 coupled 1 resistant 1 slap 1 yellowstone 1 youth 1 monogrammed 1 star - winner 1 threshing 1 perfectly 1 bicep 1 straightened 1 waded 1 puppy 1 wasted 1 apathy 1 waterlogged 1 indefatigable 1 they ' ve 1 lowed 1 troubled 1 yokel 1 shy 1 wits 1 studded 1 lawmakers 1 vandyke 1 dodged 1 doom 1 triple 1 craned 1 laureate 1 corner 1 reishi 1 cocktail 1 brother 's 1 aides 1 gourd 1 experimental 1 apace 1 mother 1 honor 1 beaming 1 industries 1 other 's 1 delivery 1 gnawing 1 nationalities 1 windup 1 leash 1 sixteen 1 gregarious 1 leered 1 glitter 1 originally 1 astra 1 limp 1 egregiously 1 screeched 1 unpleasant 1 slackly 1 nor 1 responsible 1 looks 1 sneak 1 wander 1 pinewood 1 predicting 1 reached 1 tracked 1 swarthy 1 hairline 1 argue 1 beef 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 must ' ve 1 transitions 1 finance 1 straw 1 socials 1 chandelier 1 fashion 1 esophageal 1 genuflection 1 quickly 1 bleakly 1 movie - star 1 trailing 1 moving 1 spur 1 muckety - mucks 1 promises 1 crapped 1 rushed 1 quivered 1 twenty - first 1 anywhere 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 undergrad 1 daylight 1 hitch 1 boor 1 mounted 1 sign 1 perimeter 1 ought 1 chucked 1 confessed 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 thirty 1 influence 1 pornography 1 flytraps 1 floating 1 stashed 1 madmen 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 puppets 1 snares 1 resolve 1 unmade 1 magically 1 bumpin ' 1 step 1 mesh 1 balloon 1 stress 1 neurotic 1 confiscated 1 brushed 1 skipped 1 sunken 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 rag 1 tradition 1 patriarchs 1 dodgers 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 crowded 1 thereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfill 1 fouled 1 obliterating 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 trap 1 bacterial 1 bulb 1 pimply 1 paunch 1 pull 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 plodded 1 dread 1 robbin ' 1 divide 1 sinister 1 gait 1 keyholes 1 speculation 1 color 1 stitches 1 prodigy 1 hurled 1 watered 1 mindless 1 discounting 1 crowned 1 florid 1 reading 1 distanced 1 axe - handle 1 farmin ' 1 android 1 adventures 1 superconducting 1 youngish 1 expectations 1 jumpsuits 1 mitigated 1 translucence 1 shelf 1 briars 1 moines 1 suing 1 snaky 1 enfolded 1 blooms 1 aerospace 1 palpable 1 shabby 1 chestnut - paneled 1 betcha 1 rn 1 twenty - mile - long 1 theoretical 1 inevitable 1 refrigerator 1 tacked 1 railroad 1 witch 's 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 backseat 1 loading 1 purple - black 1 ivory 1 louise 1 gruffly 1 screams 1 screening 1 sonny 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 trophies 1 unspeakable 1 constellations 1 shutting 1 books 1 doolittle 1 hosiery 1 baked 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 luctor 1 talkin ' 1 preposterously 1 baritone 1 spoken 1 scion 1 buckles 1 wings 1 circled 1 vain 1 garb 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 stepped 1 capabilities 1 goat 1 cursed 1 patio 1 cons 1 paint 1 snap 1 conveyed 1 bracketed 1 champagne 1 psychedelic 1 jostled 1 granite 1 prospect 1 contacted 1 fish - black 1 successful 1 sandals 1 handily 1 minimal 1 technician 1 headed 1 decaying 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 ate 1 cupped 1 jacob 's 1 ivy - covered 1 comrades 1 unfaithful 1 unseasonably 1 gardener 's 1 rankled 1 imperial - era 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 landowner 1 acknowledging 1 awhile 1 ab 1 reign 1 spinning 1 sang 1 general 1 century 1 tent 1 spelled 1 bourbon 1 agreed 1 manure 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 lobbyist 1 subsided 1 five 1 confusion 1 clock 1 closer 1 senses 1 cavernous 1 granddaughter 1 cathedral 1 semi - valuable 1 pointy 1 heightened 1 gently 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 adult 1 sidelines 1 crow 1 seem 1 whispers 1 flowing 1 falls 1 interviewed 1 elephants 1 clung 1 schematics 1 well - digger 's 1 raucously 1 babies 1 organisms 1 souvenirs 1 vineland 1 eats 1 tunnel 1 tendons 1 contours 1 cookbook 1 sneaked 1 terminated 1 unearthed 1 blank 1 boss ' 1 boars 1 expense 1 acting 1 tube - feeding 1 social 1 bloom 1 suet 1 helped 1 hunter 1 modern 1 pathetic 1 bees 1 kennedy 1 lines 1 lampposts 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 goddesses 1 glinted 1 overtones 1 photographing 1 ballooned 1 subatomic 1 hypermutation 1 minus 1 paddy 1 whizz - bang 1 greener 1 remembrance 1 favored 1 extremities 1 bloodshot 1 kiln 1 spirit 1 involvement 1 thumbed 1 mattocks 1 investigation 1 certainty 1 obsidian 1 foolishness 1 jew 1 cavalry 1 traces 1 uppers 1 gawk 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 strikes 1 visitors 1 fart 1 where 'd 1 glom 1 yeats 1 imploded 1 greed 1 assholes 1 latest 1 works 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 genius 1 calves 1 residence 1 thirst 1 peaceful 1 mornin ' 1 sadly 1 nauseated 1 praised 1 divorces 1 butter 1 instincts 1 dour 1 listen 1 unfiltered 1 spectrum 1 things - to - do 1 foundation 1 improvements 1 metals 1 cranky 1 swanky 1 hips 1 revolver 1 marconi 1 jacket 1 floorboards 1 underground 1 hugged 1 informed 1 flyin ' 1 aborigines 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 repair 1 fountain 1 scientists 1 jd 1 standard 1 trousers 1 community 1 pair 1 deed 1 feared 1 success 1 leap 1 carbines 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 vases 1 cigs 1 freakishly 1 lantern 1 implicated 1 appearance 1 keyhole 1 h 1 quaint 1 destroy 1 seriously 1 feces 1 ramrod 1 chopping 1 structure 917 .
six six six - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 six six six 438 the 265 and 205 a 146 of 114 he 106 to 98 she 97 in 95 her 88 his 80 i 75 was 54 on 54 it 52 you 49 that 44 with 37 for 34 as 34 said 30 from 29 at 28 into 26 not 25 were 25 this 25 my 23 what 22 me 22 one 21 him 21 is 21 like 18 i ' m 18 had 18 but 17 or 17 your 17 so 17 light 17 when 16 over 16 through 15 by 15 would 15 pop 15 did n't 15 room 14 an 14 there 14 house 14 it 's 13 no 13 did 13 glass 13 they 13 them 12 do n't 12 if 12 off 12 all 12 black 12 then 12 do 12 out 11 something 11 wine 11 made 11 karl 11 thought 11 across 11 see 11 door 10 he 'd 10 back 10 father 10 eyes 10 she 's 10 carling 10 around 9 get 9 was n't 9 its 9 than 9 why 9 another 9 got 8 that 's 8 under 8 we 8 after 8 more 8 toward 8 up 8 magic 8 family 8 about 8 face 8 here 8 put 8 while 7 even 7 better 7 set 7 hair 7 way 7 living 7 again 7 left 7 against 7 know 7 how 7 their 7 until 7 box 7 old 7 oh 7 are 7 feel 7 hand 7 window 7 ca n't 7 head 7 she 'd 7 thing 6 robe 6 table 6 could 6 want 6 who 6 away 6 just 6 went 6 you 're 6 be 6 much 6 come 6 some 6 bedroom 6 now 6 too 6 mean 6 mention 6 think 6 feet 6 down 6 long 6 floor 6 been 6 us 6 before 5 going 5 really 5 real 5 shut 5 bad 5 right 5 fire 5 never 5 dark 5 say 5 bed 5 neck 5 kind 5 there 's 5 wall 5 where 5 kitchen 5 abba 5 other 5 yeah 5 far 5 sound 5 time 5 place 5 darkness 5 have 5 talk 5 maybe 5 cold 5 trees 5 still 5 will 5 dry 5 stairs 5 day 5 called 5 tell 5 sister 4 can 4 gone 4 met 4 white 4 couch 4 go 4 hot 4 husband 4 god 4 flashlight 4 poured 4 our 4 brightened 4 came 4 someone 4 screamed 4 lying 4 upon 4 plates 4 only 4 pop 's 4 good 4 probably 4 mind 4 kids 4 parents 4 hung 4 elvira 4 well 4 air 4 man 4 hall 4 edge 4 forth 4 has 4 turned 4 grabbed 4 lay 4 hell 4 let 's 4 unless 4 wood 4 hate 4 grass 4 blue 4 record 4 sell 4 full 4 tonight 4 very 4 sat 4 six 4 satan 4 whiskey 4 scary 4 space 4 phantasmagoria 4 hole 4 pale 4 yes 4 locked 4 night 4 walked 4 name 4 anything 4 brought 4 years 4 first 3 tragic 3 resembled 3 wo n't 3 people 3 breath 3 rose 3 occasion 3 foot 3 hope 3 four 3 near 3 he 's 3 little 3 those 3 brother 3 without 3 smiled 3 chair 3 sinatra 3 drawing 3 voice 3 special 3 less 3 decided 3 died 3 company 3 middle 3 cat 3 bergman 3 woods 3 i ' ve 3 seemed 3 except 3 view 3 worse 3 stood 3 is n't 3 beam 3 baby 3 being 3 windows 3 walls 3 best 3 also 3 fear 3 tripod 3 field 3 yard 3 would n't 3 filled 3 lamp 3 clouds 3 lot 3 began 3 returned 3 trying 3 breast 3 guts 3 should 3 hunted 3 kissed 3 does 3 everything 3 mom 3 red 3 car 3 itself 3 nailed 3 drummer 3 bag 3 every 3 terrible 3 case 3 ago 3 dead 3 together 3 handful 3 stared 3 home 3 large 3 belt 3 took 3 might 3 second 3 work 3 two 3 smile 3 let 3 fireplace 3 nice 3 lanterns 3 tight 3 became 3 i 'd 3 handle 3 hook 3 deep 3 branches 3 between 3 fake 3 because 3 idea 3 dust 3 used 3 point 3 does n't 3 drank 3 game 3 low 3 take 3 fell 3 either 3 tried 3 leave 3 along 3 lantern 2 dropped 2 trust 2 favorite 2 matter 2 ran 2 goddamned 2 return 2 drunk 2 stone 2 keep 2 panel 2 fetched 2 arms 2 pile 2 holding 2 yellow 2 country 2 poison 2 realizing 2 cabinet 2 both 2 lest 2 wet 2 doing 2 candles 2 third 2 joel 2 haunted 2 beams 2 revealing 2 dad 2 plain 2 late 2 we 'll 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 lane 2 tools 2 sea 2 tie 2 player 2 popped 2 lips 2 shelter 2 billy 2 series 2 bloody 2 swept 2 beyond 2 von 2 months 2 helicopter 2 later 2 metal 2 iron 2 gave 2 balcony 2 features 2 depressed 2 notice 2 motion 2 end 2 pictures 2 cork 2 continued 2 ankle 2 order 2 sorry 2 they 're 2 fan 2 scream 2 ringo 2 sure 2 new 2 hooks 2 swirled 2 sweet 2 fence 2 look 2 hat 2 shrieking 2 part 2 knows 2 tomb 2 making 2 heard 2 ovals 2 skull 2 last 2 next 2 devil 2 make 2 big 2 shoulders 2 leaving 2 liked 2 pasta 2 mist 2 film 2 liquor 2 else 2 inside 2 steady 2 rapidly 2 escape 2 bat 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 hallway 2 glanced 2 nobody 2 forest 2 loved 2 have n't 2 crazy 2 office 2 none 2 world 2 give 2 funeral 2 beware 2 clicked 2 divan 2 pea 2 crashed 2 damp 2 broom 2 opinions 2 such 2 chuckled 2 played 2 guess 2 exception 2 floated 2 teeth 2 showed 2 globe 2 misc 2 suddenly 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 library 2 we 'd 2 masks 2 ice 2 notion 2 reunion 2 above 2 bastard 2 play 2 clockmaker 2 figures 2 knew 2 warped 2 flesh 2 naked 2 snakes 2 market 2 front 2 things 2 police 2 few 2 hip 2 word 2 city 2 monsters 2 nothing 2 quilt 2 slipped 2 business 2 might ' ve 2 mine 2 wrapped 2 fingers 2 below 2 during 2 drink 2 faint 2 steel 2 open 2 childhood 2 dog 2 easily 2 comes 2 whatever 2 rippled 2 arranged 2 township 2 crowbar 2 moment 2 arm 2 mouth 2 we 're 2 lean 2 blow 2 truly 2 had n't 2 thick 2 twisting 2 couple 2 sense 2 built 2 separated 2 rested 2 several 2 rest 2 sing 2 water 2 talked 2 footsteps 2 love 2 terror 2 vistas 2 each 2 hatchet 2 reality 2 pieces 2 half 2 block 2 rooms 2 fluttered 2 jumped 2 witch 2 wind 2 quite 2 curtains 2 stopped 2 lunatic 2 collected 2 vacation 2 thus 2 hour 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 spread 2 yet 2 dinner 2 bolted 2 kill 2 looked 2 stale 2 needle 2 faces 2 faded 2 dunno 2 peeked 2 appeared 2 backward 2 wooden 2 always 2 watched 2 toe 2 led 2 weird 2 level 2 decade 2 spring 2 empty 2 hearth 2 mother 2 guy 2 pentagram 2 nor 2 beneath 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 could n't 2 skipped 2 murderous 2 which 2 small 2 click 2 sort 2 dozen 2 held 2 minute 2 finally 2 try 2 once 2 cursed 2 vermin 2 sandals 2 these 2 ate 2 closer 2 blank 2 helped 2 looking 2 glasses 2 bought 2 floorboards 2 party 2 remained 2 counter 2 times 2 pair 2 saw 1 descended 1 taken 1 nearest 1 colorado 1 strained 1 twenty 1 wait 1 visage 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 cool 1 farther 1 slung 1 everyone 1 lies 1 muck 1 owned 1 guest 1 source 1 local 1 sink 1 squatted 1 education 1 growl 1 truck 1 muybridge 1 show 1 viennese 1 wheel 1 danced 1 flushing 1 figured 1 gather 1 serious 1 grievances 1 micro - scope 1 stirring 1 multi - paned 1 final 1 already 1 occulted 1 ghost 1 inserted 1 danger 1 vigorously 1 tramp 1 heavily 1 wad 1 specters 1 kneeling 1 evening 1 commence 1 owner 1 happy 1 nest 1 sweaty 1 whenever 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 reflection 1 wiring 1 smacked 1 fridge 1 thunderclaps 1 antiquarians 1 wonder 1 missed 1 narrowed 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 dared 1 black - trunked 1 anticipate 1 survey 1 doll 1 dragged 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 blocked 1 eventually 1 rushing 1 1890 1 bordered 1 motes 1 vista 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 sobbing 1 aunts 1 object 1 sticks 1 telescoped 1 morphed 1 folks 1 casting 1 behind 1 planning 1 splintered 1 ashes 1 edges 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 honeymoon 1 frightful 1 eighteenth 1 foreign 1 collectors 1 rather 1 stuff 1 cute 1 whitewashed 1 volume 1 draft 1 distorted 1 bottles 1 save 1 gripping 1 who 'd 1 area 1 groan 1 gets 1 today 1 charming 1 downshifted 1 card 1 sick 1 creepers 1 clan 1 peculiarly 1 psychos 1 meat 1 affected 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 eccentricity 1 artists 1 bejeezus 1 decayed 1 simple 1 purchased 1 furniture 1 foiled 1 beach 1 deadly 1 shimmered 1 worn 1 walkway 1 disjointed 1 draught 1 apocalyptic 1 silent 1 twitched 1 shine 1 many 1 fat 1 bare 1 orange 1 surprised 1 wanting 1 slate 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 act 1 silhouette 1 how 's 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 thrown 1 stooped 1 withered 1 uh - oh 1 hock 1 damn 1 shows 1 ripped 1 artificiality 1 carrion 1 ingmar 1 emanated 1 damned 1 menial 1 wow 1 angular 1 variety 1 wedding 1 switch 1 illegible 1 confessional 1 qualities 1 ironic 1 unsteady 1 cough 1 dirty 1 frail 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 kinda 1 venerable 1 alcohol 1 wan 1 shaken 1 squalls 1 kept 1 bold 1 austere 1 trail 1 past 1 split 1 jack 1 canopy 1 passed 1 framed 1 emotionally 1 shit 1 proportions 1 button 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 prophetic 1 earlier 1 dusty 1 yonder 1 scaring 1 moments 1 hacking 1 zone 1 crouched 1 visualized 1 forgotten 1 soon 1 records 1 voila 1 solar 1 panoply 1 great 1 strips 1 surprisingly 1 pecking 1 follow 1 strength 1 sticky 1 cells 1 saturday 1 everybody 's 1 whistled 1 intend 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 wavered 1 remoteness 1 chest 1 interested 1 shadows 1 condo 1 victims 1 putting 1 eternal 1 pissing 1 takes 1 child 1 onto 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 light - play 1 unflappable 1 send 1 cautiously 1 collaborated 1 eyes ' 1 patricians 1 vulgar 1 capered 1 nose 1 fathers 1 tripped 1 wide 1 leisurely 1 seated 1 start 1 bone 1 cutting 1 snaring 1 house 's 1 intertwined 1 timbers 1 shiver 1 actually 1 packing 1 leaning 1 shed 1 money 1 anyone 1 sugarplum 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 suck 1 corrugated 1 hoped 1 beat 1 strolls 1 sydow 1 rats 1 carve 1 ten 1 secretive 1 curious 1 amazing 1 sydow 's 1 regarding 1 blob 1 ceiling 1 report 1 monster 1 most 1 settee 1 hundreds 1 tops 1 emoting 1 panes 1 rust 1 repatriate 1 stead 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 reveals 1 bible - thumping 1 shapes 1 kin 1 village 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 offed 1 kicks 1 swede 1 sorts 1 neither 1 survived 1 clambering 1 braced 1 fact 1 seen 1 shocked 1 cats 1 stayed 1 rim 1 sloppy 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 confused 1 strong 1 forests 1 mother 's 1 master 1 baring 1 lemonade 1 refilled 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 max 1 father 's 1 arguing 1 magistrate 's 1 kiddo 1 kittens 1 keepsake 1 flat 1 slime 1 farmers 1 fly 1 facsimile 1 narrowly 1 behold 1 tall 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 smash 1 unfortunately 1 stuck 1 hookers 1 value 1 cast 1 hinting 1 hit 1 crowd 1 uh 1 puff 1 hanging 1 departed 1 shimmering 1 grew 1 portals 1 rat 1 launched 1 sophisticated 1 floor - a 1 robes 1 impression 1 growled 1 ones 1 wake 1 non 1 certainly 1 ceilings 1 music 1 playing 1 occupation 1 hiding 1 tomorrow 1 flickered 1 resisted 1 busy 1 heir 1 disliked 1 forced 1 focus 1 son 's 1 keen 1 eave 1 discuss 1 jittery 1 selling 1 acceded 1 pursed 1 sighed 1 somebody 1 cluttered 1 laughing 1 satellite 1 stowed 1 familial 1 ritual 1 reconstituted 1 shift 1 sweden 1 war - rant 1 older 1 ties 1 break 1 course 1 paved 1 frighten 1 farm - style 1 steamed 1 realtor 1 shone 1 sounded 1 funny 1 lepers 1 outlawed 1 specific 1 design 1 demons 1 enemies 1 theatrical 1 components 1 whirred 1 shattered 1 occurred 1 torments 1 blurred 1 muttered 1 worthy 1 swamp 1 visiting 1 bitchy 1 okay 1 corroded 1 entered 1 stir 1 tomes 1 manner 1 claymation 1 fractured 1 buzz 1 wanted 1 soft 1 economy 1 unpacked 1 movements 1 curve 1 sucker 1 abutted 1 earnest 1 dissolving 1 facet 1 adjustments 1 sex 1 landscapes 1 sharp 1 gang 1 abstracted 1 bikers 1 followed 1 unhappily 1 fascination 1 chivalric 1 strange 1 dragging 1 peered 1 cellar 1 erratic 1 bunny 1 insurance 1 obsessed 1 stabs 1 garbled 1 flashed 1 tinfoil 1 marker 1 tidily 1 demesne 1 latch 1 cherished 1 cops 1 form 1 murk 1 biker 1 grata 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 easter 1 patriarchal 1 lie 1 obsession 1 overwhelming 1 pact 1 bombshell 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 hers 1 immediate 1 sympathetic 1 relieved 1 moonlight 1 fooling 1 raced 1 cottages 1 jesus 1 inhabiting 1 hard 1 knock 1 ominous 1 entertained 1 surely 1 cheese 1 flickering 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 brandy 1 starts 1 hospitable 1 loped 1 waited 1 lazily 1 maw 1 pollen 1 aloud 1 slowly 1 contemplated 1 tumble 1 ponderous 1 blackened 1 question 1 psychotic 1 carried 1 dimmer 1 to - do 1 lennon 1 bled 1 spit 1 spike 1 cancer 1 stranger 1 folded 1 reaching 1 coat 1 documented 1 grainy 1 overlook 1 gears 1 assume 1 throbbed 1 bears 1 retreating 1 especially 1 ha 1 standing 1 cut 1 broach 1 rush 1 plugged 1 easy 1 coming 1 europe 1 rica 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 demonic 1 paralysis 1 panted 1 lake 1 dial 1 packed 1 french 1 likes 1 sap 1 nut 1 plumb 1 pain 1 thorny 1 lenses 1 somebody 's 1 cowl 1 toothy 1 ancient 1 container 1 too - full 1 fun 1 perceptions 1 deer 1 combining 1 attic 1 adjusting 1 computer 1 patch 1 fairytale 1 convenience 1 illumination 1 instantly 1 you 'll 1 personality 1 twice 1 ghoulish 1 cracking 1 ancestral 1 autograph 1 bulged 1 brunkert 1 flies 1 planks 1 dirt 1 cry 1 string 1 offload 1 labored 1 curse 1 renaissance 1 filmed 1 tin 1 diarrhea 1 days 1 rudimentary 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 desperate 1 boxes 1 throat 1 tying 1 cagey 1 honestly 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 vinyl 1 turnip 1 use 1 sealed 1 week 1 switched 1 curtain 1 honeybunch 1 minutes 1 commute 1 panels 1 porch 1 remade 1 dropcloth 1 pine 1 distant 1 sundown 1 daggers 1 spontaneous 1 rare 1 altering 1 safe 1 feral 1 outburst 1 pointed 1 chin 1 thicker 1 heated 1 hoarse 1 freezer 1 rail 1 nodded 1 efficiency 1 daytona 1 nearby 1 bet 1 uncles 1 range 1 effect 1 moved 1 bushes 1 perhaps 1 amidst 1 perspective 1 reinforced 1 help 1 thin 1 gamboled 1 snow 1 noise 1 performances 1 cruel 1 eldest 1 cozy 1 sinewy 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 insight 1 studied 1 cracked 1 churned 1 bit 1 grasp 1 oozing 1 claw 1 lots 1 peasant 1 wriggled 1 thank 1 pseudo - leather 1 worked 1 slackened 1 check 1 beauty 1 laundry 1 nature 1 eye 1 effing 1 vomited 1 partially 1 surging 1 top 1 afternoon 1 bunch 1 jagged 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 told 1 york 1 visions 1 famous 1 gym 1 collapse 1 promised 1 putrefying 1 snagged 1 spider 1 liquid 1 heads 1 snuffed 1 interest 1 poor 1 cobwebs 1 tea 1 trailed 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 quantum 1 settlement 1 ghouls 1 passion 1 era 1 stroked 1 atop 1 dearly 1 reformed 1 slide 1 whipping 1 bulky 1 mesmerizing 1 slug 1 grief 1 furnace 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 lonesome 1 sputtered 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 need 1 persist 1 swear 1 oval 1 yanks 1 maggots 1 doorstep 1 lunch 1 center 1 spiked 1 laugh 1 playful 1 powered 1 eyeballs 1 trunk 1 wiped 1 power 1 pound 1 although 1 girl 1 wondered 1 sluice 1 plants 1 traditions 1 discos 1 bristles 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 creeps 1 well - heeled 1 lurking 1 forgive 1 control 1 multiplied 1 pants 1 canvas 1 shrimp 1 anyway 1 gulp 1 lightly 1 diffuse 1 deeper 1 speak 1 grade 1 recently 1 stirred 1 sad 1 lover 1 shitting 1 pastoral 1 lady 1 mock 1 whispered 1 writing 1 slightest 1 call 1 claws 1 chipped 1 comment 1 filed 1 wreck 1 dregs 1 magnified 1 knitting 1 occultist 1 screens 1 boles 1 extended 1 victorian 1 volunteered 1 stork 1 contained 1 ethereal 1 height 1 pressed 1 shoved 1 apertures 1 bathing 1 opposite 1 rig 1 arrival 1 climbed 1 lip 1 honey 1 horses 1 rambling 1 weak 1 joint 1 helping 1 thinned 1 suggest 1 thousandth 1 speck 1 great - great 1 cleaner 1 winding 1 main 1 reminded 1 somber 1 drive 1 excellent 1 somewhere 1 date 1 arch 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 vague 1 life 1 subject 1 odd 1 system 1 mirror 1 brings 1 petty 1 shifting 1 widening 1 innards 1 model 1 pushed 1 cabbages 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 stainless 1 sky 1 retrieved 1 fussing 1 jostling 1 clicking 1 brass 1 shuddered 1 ignore 1 eadweard 1 beside 1 study 1 buzzed 1 ages 1 places 1 silver 1 sailed 1 mass 1 defined 1 inappropriate 1 entertain 1 uh - uh 1 embarrassed 1 girls 1 animal 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 primitive 1 circles 1 closet 1 overhand 1 own 1 touched 1 executor 1 hamburger 1 toy 1 crawled 1 station 1 art 1 shh 1 buckets 1 clump 1 shuffled 1 seat 1 happened 1 shelters 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 run 1 mexico 1 resentment 1 hates 1 reappeared 1 answer 1 getting 1 shuttering 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 rowed 1 fucking 1 dwelt 1 aside 1 variations 1 literally 1 gulped 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 physically 1 grand 1 loathed 1 scrabbled 1 memories 1 stones 1 breeze 1 snapped 1 unlocked 1 central 1 shove 1 burned 1 overpowering 1 tykes 1 generations 1 pleased 1 rivals 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 receded 1 plate 1 cranked 1 thinking 1 plush 1 reel 1 heart 1 started 1 concession 1 america 1 exponentially 1 adjourned 1 leg 1 wishing 1 baltic 1 scarred 1 cougars 1 tipped 1 landing 1 accentuated 1 images 1 wan na 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 emerged 1 whether 1 napkin 1 three 1 paul 's 1 horror 1 clickety - click 1 movers 1 sprang 1 enjoyed 1 peeled 1 grave 1 swayed 1 1930 1 predated 1 muse 1 consternation 1 void 1 backed 1 screw 1 discover 1 towel 1 proves 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 recognized 1 bird 1 double 1 ec 1 conjuring 1 shrillness 1 crushed 1 find 1 decision 1 shadow 1 among 1 considered 1 daddy 's 1 soap 1 remind 1 crawling 1 dole 1 imagined 1 clods 1 someplace 1 ordeal 1 raging 1 happen 1 irregular 1 rule 1 long - handled 1 direction 1 skin 1 warning 1 rain 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 moon 1 exterminator 1 were n't 1 popular 1 vapor 1 lease 1 stuffed 1 alike 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 stillness 1 beaten 1 grandpa 1 dominated 1 bowed 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 suit 1 billion 1 pokers 1 blood 1 insufferably 1 weeks 1 bitchier 1 frames 1 approached 1 quality 1 vision 1 grate 1 mean - while 1 flowed 1 rotating 1 hold 1 felt 1 same 1 prying 1 loose 1 sent 1 dim 1 gloaming 1 footboard 1 snoqualmie 1 predecessors 1 born 1 shuddering 1 pissed 1 coke 1 graduated 1 ass 1 cushion 1 undefined 1 knee - high 1 arched 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 gadget 1 longstanding 1 nabbed 1 pantry 1 lives 1 flaming 1 parlor 1 conical 1 roofs 1 scuttled 1 though 1 filtered 1 secret 1 urge 1 drum 1 collar 1 pulls 1 transmogrification 1 slapping 1 wolf 1 bawling 1 romanticized 1 fantasized 1 am 1 there 'll 1 pattern 1 uptown 1 ebay 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 dangling 1 performing 1 unnerved 1 eleven 1 garbed 1 single 1 accelerating 1 since 1 mildly 1 buffaloes 1 willy - nilly 1 persona 1 swung 1 ever 1 gods 1 reclined 1 scrawled 1 dogs 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 lastly 1 county 1 touch 1 spikes 1 warn 1 spitting 1 thirty - five 1 aperture 1 actor 1 within 1 points 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 traded 1 myself 1 ready 1 echoed 1 feuds 1 shushed 1 trip 1 seeping 1 wear 1 acted 1 condition 1 scabrous 1 bored 1 covered 1 foreground 1 train 1 slap 1 trio 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 says 1 asked 1 youngest 1 articulated 1 hammer 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 nightmares 1 slightly 1 joy 1 glancing 1 beaming 1 shook 1 muddy 1 glittered 1 survival 1 leered 1 grandfather 1 assassination 1 steps 1 true 1 vent 1 sacrificial 1 etched 1 swallowed 1 argue 1 costa 1 straw 1 disintegrate 1 resembles 1 believe 1 hillock 1 moving 1 bah 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 gloom 1 paternal 1 stamping 1 firelight 1 child 's 1 secure 1 faddah 1 daylight 1 facades 1 boor 1 messages 1 relatives 1 are n't 1 fetish 1 roses 1 floating 1 bubbles 1 mary 1 step 1 titles 1 hushed 1 brushed 1 spill 1 charged 1 sibling 1 rivalry 1 machine 1 forehead 1 loop 1 shaking 1 dread 1 briefly 1 found 1 color 1 cascade 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 gents 1 vase 1 reading 1 bigger 1 repeated 1 snob 1 glow 1 sharper 1 pictured 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 shabby 1 pure 1 fifty 1 haiti 1 upbeat 1 ovens 1 paul 1 temptation 1 toddies 1 knives 1 occasions 1 contraption 1 impossible 1 husband 's 1 claimed 1 kettle 1 books 1 school 1 off - kilter 1 hospitals 1 sawing 1 lose 1 wings 1 bands 1 nubs 1 roofie 1 paint 1 vibes 1 wore 1 jibber - jabber 1 hundredth 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 dome 1 unexplained 1 gradually 1 neighbor 's 1 sang 1 noticed 1 century 1 temples 1 five 1 crank 1 list 1 projected 1 accident 1 strokes 1 section 1 desk 1 side 1 street 1 spines 1 town 1 kings 1 tasks 1 enough 1 modern 1 acid 1 knotholes 1 gold 1 unlike 1 eve 1 instant 1 reddened 1 imagery 1 unloaded 1 contorted 1 puppies 1 snore 1 vertigo 1 dealing 1 dimmed 1 shutters 1 burn 1 stomach 1 defiance 1 shop 1 inheriting 1 avoided 1 leaped 1 listen 1 punchbowl 1 foundation 1 jacket 1 spying 1 railing 1 selection 1 unwind 1 slithered 1 frowned 1 feared 1 team 1 noises 1 logs 1 high 1 h 1 quaint 1 picture 1 scene 926 .
some stuff that looked like weird , grey chunks of rotten cabbage flew everywhere .
she could taste the sweat and stink of a hundred scared people as it slid over her tongue like stale cabbage .
in the morning carter joined a caravan of merchants bound for dylath - leen with the spun wool of ulthar and the cabbages of ulthar 's busy farms .
its all vegetables now , cabbages and onions and stuff .
stew and cabbage ?
kenner looked at john as if the big man had just crawled drooling from under a cabbage leaf .
i thought they were only telefilm stronzate , instead you have appeared last night and , that cabbage , is true !
every stalk of wheat , every potato field , every patch of onions or cabbage , every storehouse , every haystack , every blade of grass , they burned .
he really wanted to see how they branched from the main trunk , if they grew out from the sides or directly from the top or it they sprouted from a bulb like the cabbage droplets on the ground .
the air was filled with the sour smell of cabbage and sulfur .
the apartment smelled of wallpaper paste , mildew and cabbage boiling in neighboring apartments .
but mary was n't fond of belgian trippe , a sausage made with cabbage .
` ` that they think his brain turned into a cabbage . ''
` ` you tell him , cabbage .
i do n't know about that , i am not a thinker , i leave the thinking to others , leave it to the cabbage , cabbage got the head on him , as the saying goes , but there 's nothing wrong with my eyes , fellows , and i tell you those grayboy sons of bitches are as harmless as a wolf in a henhouse .
it was cabbage palms covered in strangler fig and gumbo limbo and slash pine inland ; it was liveoak and mangrove in the few places the ground was wet .
when the end of the rake - handle touched the place where the wings were crumpled across each other , there was a sound like rustling paper and a bad smell , like old stewed cabbage .
you could say a little peppermint and cabbage , what 's the big deal ?
that uneasy mix of cabbage and peppermint ?
the fan could n't clear that sallow stench of cabbage and bitter peppermint entirely , but it drove enough of it out into the hall so that their stomachs settled .
and if it was sitting in the faintest baleful reek of cabbage , what of that ?
the cabbage smell .
an acrid , watery reek of mixed cabbage and cucumber and salt , the smell of a broth you might feed to someone if you wanted to make them sicker instead of well .
i ignored him and got out of the cruiser , meaning to ask george if he thought d might be rabid , but before i could open my mouth the stink hit me : that smell of seawater and old cabbage and something else , something a whole lot worse .
mister d , howling and thrashing and snarling , trying to get away ; the thing lying on him , the pink threads growing out of its top thrashing around like kelp in a wave ; the smell of burning fur ; the stench of salt and cabbage ; the black stuff pouring out of the thing 's dog - bit , furrowed back , running down the wrinkles in its yellow skin like sludge and then pattering on the floor ; my need to kill it , erase it , make it gone from the world : all these things were whirling in my mind ?
the smell of cabbage was getting stronger , and the yellow color was fading from the creature 's flesh .
i felt very tired , and the smell of the rotting cabbage was making me sick to my stomach .
the former prince , with whom the eight - year - old catherine sutlin had once romped joyfully ( at least until she 'd gotten a cabbage patch doll named marnie for her birthday and temporarily lost some of her interest ) , was part lab and part collie ... a mixed breed , but a long way from being a mongrel .
red splotches the size of cabbage roses had grown on his cheeks and jowls .
do you know where my ornamental cabbages are this morning , mr .
a hundred boxes of dried milk ( hallorann advised her gravely to buy fresh milk for the boy in sidewinder as long as it was feasible ) , five twelve - pound bags of sugar , a gallon jug of blackstrap molasses , cereals , glass jugs of rice , macaroni , spaghetti ; ranked cans of fruit and fruit salad ; a bushel of fresh apples that scented the whole room with autumn ; dried raisins , prunes , and apricots ( ` ` you got to be regular if you want to be happy , '' hallorann said , and pealed laughter at the coldpantry ceiling , where one old - fashioned light globe hung down on an iron chain ) ; a deep bin filled with potatoes ; and smaller caches of tomatoes , onions , turnips , squashes , and cabbages .
his jaw was sending giant throbbing bursts of pain up to his temple and down his neck , and his cheek felt as large as a cabbage .
she would forget things she had been doing , her mind would go off on some dreamy tangent , or she would simply sit , not thinking of anything at all , no more aware of the world than a head of cabbage .
perhaps of the cabbage patch , stu thought .
' yeah , i ' m smoking cabbage leaves , ' she 'd said .
cabbage leaves .
no carrots , no cabbages , no zucchini , no squash .
not being worldly , when she looked out her window and saw a large elephant in her cabbage patch , she had no idea what it was .
sheriff , there is a very large animal in my cabbage patch , she said .
what might he be doing in your cabbage patch .
well , she said , looks like he picking my cabbages with his tail .
what s he doing with them cabbages ?
obviously the cabbage patch kids bedspread was supposed to be ironic .
its purely nerves nothing to do with the cabbage soup you made me last night .
and the guy was digging or pulling carrots or cabbages from the ground and she was holding her skirt out like a tray to hold the things he picked .
7 ) flatul ( ant ) likes eating cabbage .
it got worse : a can of pink paint was spilt outside of sofars front door ; the master fuse for his apartment , the one located in the basement of the building , went missing four times ; random phone calls in the middle of the night would wake him ; a foul odor of rotting , like that of death and cabbage stew , hovered in the hall out front of his place .
he whistled merrily while harvesting a large quantity of cabbages , radishes and onions from his immaculate rows of vegetables .
its got finely chopped cabbage , radishes , thistle weed leafs , celery , plenty of baby onions and a touch of garlic .
yes , i do have a family ; i just did nt sprout from a cabbage patch .
departure first fit manchester piccadilly d 0912 0938 0950 huddersfield d 0945 1008 1020 dewsbury d 1044 manchester victoria d 0848 blackpool north d 0847 halifax d 0945 1027 leeds d 1017 1025 1038 1048 1054 1058 1107 leeds whitehall d cross gates d 1032 1105 garforth d 1037 1110 1116 east garforth d 1039 1112 micklefield d 1043 1116 south milford d 1120 selby d 1059 1132 brough d 1117 hull d 1135 church fenton d ulleskelf d york a 1043 1100 1112 1119 1136 scarborough a middlesbrough a 1227 newcastle a 1207 1218 slower than hedgehogs , slower than houses slower than cabbages , slower than mouses crawling along like soup in a kettle , all through the cities , the garbage and metal passing the hedgerows flowering bags passing the meadows of cows and old nags passing the waterways brim - full of trollies passing the litter and sticks from ice lollies stopping at points for over an hour failing signals and loss of all power the wrong kind of snow and leaves on the track somebody somewhere should get the sack clickety - clack , clickety - clack this is the night train bringing the mail invoices , catalogues , items for sale , letters and packages tied up with string , yo - yo the boy and his emerald ring travelling on to its last destination the city of york and its railway station .
'' .. one red wine and juniper marinated fort william venison with cinnamon - braised red cabbage and maple - roasted parsnips . ''
'' they been boiling cabbage all day or what ? ''
every night ali went to sleep with the sweet stink of aftershave , the cheesy smell of sweaty feet , the boiled cabbage scent of stale farts and the aroma of testosterone clogging his nose .
` ` splendid , old cabbage , but it may be a bit more complicated than that .
ethelene asked mid - bite of steaming cabbage .
` ` hey , '' april called through a tongue brimming with shredded cabbage , ` ` were n't you in those harry wizard movies , too ? ''
he filled his time taunting us with his erudition on the dietary habits of the cabbage butterfly .
he could see a big albatross swooping out of the sunset to peck his eyes he made cabbage soup .
you eat in the staff canteen and today 's menu is mince with boiled potatoes and cabbage .
dinner was mince , boiled potatoes , cabbage and rice pudding to follow .
he made the mistake of enquiring after the health of flo the serving lady and the meat slowly congealed on his plate as she told him in prolonged and intimate detail , the cabbage ladle poised above it and the queue of hungry staff muttering behind .
they re like mini heads of cabbage .
butter coating a generous amount of flour , whipped egg , breadcrumbs garnishing : 2 leaves of cabbage , 1 whole tomato , cooking oil to taste ( 1 ) remove the skin of the pumpkin , and cut into bite - sized pieces .
( 4 ) to create the garnishing , slice the cabbage , cut the tomato into eight sections , and serve on a plate with the croquettes .
in the course of the year the two of them planted ten acres of maize , potatoes , wheat and cabbage in small plots scattered around the neighbourhood .
claudio explained that they also had a small orchard in which they grew apples , lemons and soft fruit , a kitchen garden with root vegetables , cabbage and herbs , as well as enough pasture for the three cattle that provided them with an income from the sale of milk and beef .
what do you call this then , a cabbage ?
do nt worry , i packed some cabbage sandwiches , marny said .
as he chundered up his lunch , bits of cabbage caught by the wind fluttered back down the boat , making the others duck for survival .
he thinks of himself as some kind of friendly satyr , sheila said , worriedly chewing her cuticles , alternately holding up her fingers to inspect the damage and nibbling the edges again , like a rabbit at a cabbage .
* * * reubens second day at work consisted of hours of unrelenting labour in a cramped kitchen with little ventilation , and an overriding odour of stale cooking oil and boiled cabbage .
the boiled cabbage odour was a mystery , considering no cabbage was cooked there .
( she proffered , come back later , and you can have it grilled up with a little bit of soy sauce and rice vinegar and some red cabbage on the side .
she gives me a mini wave , and i do one in return as limp as a piece of wet cabbage .
dad is carving the meat at the head of the table , while mum is passing around plates with potatoes , carrots , and cabbage , boiled within an inch of their lives .
they even stuck these dunce caps on their heads , doing the clown thing to the tee , and having crazy enormous pom - poms like cabbages sewn down the front of their costumes .
cabbage , cabbage , cabbage .
stared at the happy rich tourists stuffing themselves with moist slabs of meat and red cabbage .
at the restaurant ( if such a dive could be so construed ) , plouriva let him eat his first plastic bowl of salted cod covered with vinegar , paprika , and cabbage broth , and let him drink his first beer , before giving him the look .
dinner every night consisted of stuffed cabbage rolls , the main staple from her home country .
during my months there i felt as though i ate enough of them to keep that whole cabbage industry in business .
hangstrom was always okay with us eating with mrs . kazowski , even though he hated stuffed cabbage rolls .
jaroslaw sounded like a kind of cabbage concoction but actually meant fierce and glorious in polish .
of course ; the proton bomb would affect all biological life and that included cabbages and cauliflower .
` ` it 's related to the cabbage -- '' ` ` so the vikings are responsible for inflicting turnips on tockworld ? ''
thus it was , fluffy and clydette followed the god through a mysterious doorway made of vaporized cabbages , into a mysterious garden .
his name , by the way , was bad cabbage , which is short for enthusiastic proponent of fertility rites in honor of nana .
bad cabbage was n't quite as mean and blood - thirsty as the other assyrians -- the accountants and the lawyers .
bad cabbage grew up in poverty .
bad cabbage had a choice between joining the army or selling himself into slavery .
fortunately , once bad cabbage had completed basic training , he was allowed to waste time going to school , because there was a temporary shortage of wars .
bad cabbage had saved his own life with a brilliant maneuver .
on the way back , of course , bad cabbage had spotted the camels of the negev .
back home in nineveh , everyone was impressed with bad cabbage 's account of his bravery and strategic intelligence .
bad cabbage excelled at his new task , and with the increase in his salary , he managed to purchase most of akkad and install his family in a palace .
she sailed down out of the sky in a silver weather balloon and touched bad cabbage with her magic cap .
meanwhile , bad cabbage , who had been struck by the magic cap while selling black - market myrrh to a visiting egyptian princess , fell madly in love .
bad cabbage immediately fell prey to obsession , forbidden love , passion , lust , desire , etc .
bad cabbage could no longer function ; he had to find a way of winning over the object of his desire , and , of course , her stuck - up daddy -- pharaoh petrie dish .
` ` this is bad cabbage , '' said hank .
` ` you can relax ; it 's not infectious , '' said bad cabbage .
` ` i want to help you because i ' m in love with secrets of the pyramids , '' said bad cabbage .
said bad cabbage .
bad cabbage went pale .
` ` well sometimes you have to go the extra mile to get noticed ... . '' thus it was bad cabbage was initiated into the camels of the negev , and given the standard faq and food rules .
` ` i 'll have nightmares about this for the rest of my life , '' moaned bad cabbage .
asked bad cabbage .
besides , with bad cabbage and amen 's tooter on our side , we ca n't lose . ''
` ` i ' m only going to help if i can bring secrets of the pyramids , '' said bad cabbage .
` ` what 's taking bad cabbage so long ? ''
` ` bad cabbage joined the camels of the negev , sire .
why do n't we wait for bad cabbage and amen 's tooter to finish their plan ? ''
bad cabbage is sneaking into the palace even now to abduct her .
bad cabbage , meanwhile , was growing anxious .
bad cabbage had a bad feeling about this ... . chapter 97 : gilda the fitness penguin polydoor kept looking back , checking to make sure nurse jane was n't following him in a patch of mist .
polydoor had a bad feeling about this ... . chapter 98 : red tse meanwhile , back on the egyptian range , the bumbling , incompetent bad cabbage was holding up the impending exodus .
this it was , while bad cabbage was about to sneak into the indoor privy , a figure dressed up as a canopic jar whispered : ` ` this way , you idiot !
bad cabbage nodded .
bad cabbage shuddered .
said bad cabbage , growing interested .
` ` hmmm , '' said bad cabbage , hugging himself in case any evil tech guy was planning on removing his internal organs .
` ` you could always join the camels of the negev , '' said bad cabbage .
at these words , bad cabbage bethought himself of present danger and girded his loins for action .
bad cabbage gaped at her strange costume .
bad cabbage was too stunned to speak for a moment .
bad cabbage was n't sure what october was , so he pretended secrets was quite normal and he picked up another duffle bag marked : propaganda leaflets for bloomsbury intellectuals , plus manuals on cultivation and tractors .
bad cabbage groaned under the weight of it .
bad cabbage and secrets did n't hear this lament because they were striding out to the sandy field where the camels of the negev had gathered .
bad cabbage started to fumble his way through a greeting ritual , but secrets thrust him aside .
hank , meanwhile , mistaking bad cabbage for the senior partner of the escaping pair , patted him on the back .
bad cabbage blinked .
` ` relax , '' said bad cabbage , thinking quickly .
` ` chinese , actually , '' said bad cabbage .
just then , red tse showed up , making an elaborate pretense of nonchalance , as though he had n't been waiting for that fool bad cabbage to get to the point .
` ` red tse will help us escape , '' said bad cabbage .
everyone looked at bad cabbage for awhile .
bad cabbage , meanwhile , was beginning to have second thoughts about the extra - curricular activities he 'd signed up for .
` ` if you had to spend time in a classroom full of active bowels after the children have feasted on beans and cabbage -- '' ` ` but i do have lots of methane gas , '' warned sweet gas .
bad cabbage gave secrets an intense look .
` ` when you have a feature that sticks out , do n't try to hide it , '' said bad cabbage .
` ` some people are more generously endowed than others , '' said bad cabbage .
bad cabbage was consumed with jealousy .
bad cabbage drew the short straw .
thus it was , bad cabbage got himself up in fancy togs like igor the sheep , and prepared to venture forth and draw the ire of the supreme being away from hank .
girding up his loins like charlton noble brow , he strode across the desert sands , a few paces in front of the hapless igor bad cabbage .
just then there was a glimmer in the sky , then a bolt of lightning hissed out of the empyrean and struck the lightning rod on top of bad cabbage 's noggin .
the air around bad cabbage turned crimson .
sari got up next and applied soothing balm to bad cabbage 's wounded noggin .
bad cabbage got to his feet and carefully felt various parts of his body .
just then , what was left of the lightning rod fell from bad cabbage 's conker and turned to dust .
` ` what 's this mark on bad cabbage 's scalp ? ''
said bad cabbage , alarmed .
bad cabbage was growing frantic .
bad cabbage was going crazy .
` ` just a minute , '' said bad cabbage .
do you think you could help us with this , bad cabbage ? ''
bad cabbage eyed the book .
51 , a black tent set some distance apart from the rest , so that no one would notice it , bad cabbage worked with a secretive group of camels , devising a new type of catapult .
several weeks later , a delegation of camels paid a visit to bad cabbage to see what they were getting for their money .
` ` this is just the prototype , '' said bad cabbage .
` ` careful , '' warned bad cabbage .
bad cabbage and his team pulled the catapult outside onto a secret proving grounds .
` ` umm , it 's the name of the chief contractor , '' said bad cabbage , and he gave the signal to release the catapult .
bad cabbage dusted himself off .
bad cabbage fumed .
` ` that 's the pig version , '' said bad cabbage .
` ` it 's just a decoration , '' said bad cabbage .
` ` squeeze some air out of the bag before it explodes , '' said bad cabbage .
` ` we do have one more weapon , sir , '' said bad cabbage .
everyone limped back to tent 51 , and bad cabbage whipped the goatskin covering off an immense , mysterious blob on wheels .
` ` it 's a trojan haggis , sir , '' said bad cabbage .
` ` it 's a very special haggis , sir , '' said bad cabbage .
there 's a door ... . '' bad cabbage tugged at a small door , which eventually popped open , revealing the mysterious interior .
bad cabbage grinned .
` ` have you been eating something peculiar , bad cabbage ? ''
` ` anyway , '' said bad cabbage , ` ` there 's more !
bad cabbage cast a nervous glance in sari 's direction , but she was busy straightening hank 's tie .
` ` it 's the contractor 's fault , not mine , '' said bad cabbage .
` ` pretended to leave this place , '' said bad cabbage , making a tremendous effort to stifle his rage .
hank gave his attention to bad cabbage 's new toy again .
he nudged the bricks with his foot , and impaled bad cabbage with a look familiar to anyone who has ever submitted an underwhelming science project for evaluation .
` ` only a little bit , bad cabbage .
bad cabbage looked down at his feet like a small boy caught in the act of launching a nuclear weapon .
yelled bad cabbage .
` ` okay , synchronize your watches , '' whispered bad cabbage .
` ` send in the pipes , '' said bad cabbage .
` ` i think they 're trying to open the door , '' said hank , gazing fixedly at bad cabbage .
bad cabbage offered a sickly grin .
bad cabbage stood up and gaze in stupefaction across the sand .
` ` but bad cabbage told us that was a feature . ''
` ` we never figured out where the olde west was , '' said bad cabbage .
` ` i heard about those people , '' said bad cabbage .
it was the kind of village that invited massacre and doom -- there were lots of huts in the snow ; there were blacksmiths ' forges ; corrals for chickens and clydesdales ; thatched office towers with wattle and daub walls ; many starshekels coffee shops with internet connections ; big chariots that had been converted into diners where you could buy bratwurst or corned beef and cabbage ; quaint bed and breakfasts with maniacs lurking outside shower stalls , and pubs .
just then , an enormous cabbage butterfly began flapping its wings .
i can not , but during her youth fanta drove a large tractor on cabbage farm .
veda grimaced , sipped her gin and toyed with a shred of cabbage .
it was a cabbage patch doll ! !
and then , adding what she was as certain as corned beef an cabbage in boston on st . patrick 's day , would be an added incentive to her work force .
chicago is an indian word that roughly means stinking cabbage .
alison returns to our room with her trophy tightly clutched in her hands and the cigar stench frankly reminds me of boiled cabbage .
we may feed them cabbage soup four days a week , but we serve it with love and they are safe here .
but , we do n't want meatless cabbage soup any time other than lent .
cabbage leaves ; kimchee smells ; such would inherently spill out across a city which both were part of the national cuisine .
a lone chicken , the heads of cabbages and onions , a broken - wheeled cart ; these were the clues to the identity of the cottage owner .
he was fully absorbed by the to and fro , the messages and tales of wrists and elbows , shoulders and fingernails , a host of scrapings , drummings and inclines to speak of beer and boast of women and assignations ... on returning to the community he immediately sought out a broad variety of vegetables , carrots , leeks , potatoes and a quantity of oil , long - beans and cabbage and mushrooms to stew with the beef , the liquid a soup for his ailing mother , her pallid flesh in need of support , jerian himself chewing the meat for her to swallow , feeding her , head propped against a sack of apples , the breathing of the fruit to calm her chest , from his own bowl with his own spoon , that which his father had carved on his son 's birth , his coming into the world that was his the everlasting day , his father past , drowned , his mother taken sick having survived the flood the child recalled via the memory of snapping trees , his frail young body saved by its closeness to hers , sucking at her nipple through the storm .
lydia saw co - workers in the gardens picking vegetables , tomatoes they would be canning , cabbages and carrots they would process .
it was a battle or something , and they were firing cabbages in place of cannonballs .
she knew that if she were to show up unannounced on a winter evening she would catch her parents eating plates of pork hocks and kraut , or boiled ham and cabbage , or beef tongue and spaetzle in cream , or roast pork or veal with kartoffelkuchena pudding made up of potatoes , cream , butter , ham , ground sausage , embolism , infarction and death .
she recited her lines to a raggedy cabbage patch doll as i followed along in the screenplay .
old bargie and the s turn gobbled up the few glasses in the kitchen while the wayward incident served up large portions of beans and cabbage .
so it was , that they loaded up the brewer 's retail truck with supplies of honey whiskey , honey , fish for go'way ! , a pile of beans and cabbage , made a side trip to store the honeyman 's beehives in the deserted yacht club , and set out for the east coast .
he tried to fix this image in his mind : a huge cauldron , like the ones used in disney cartoons , a witchs brew where flames licked the sides and him roasting in there like a boiled cabbage .
chicken , that always talked to blunder in certain situations , has asked seriously stricken : cabbage , but as has happened ?
departs that did n't feel to say '' cabbage '' from 1992 , but then it seems , that you macaws speaking of an accident to car .
what cabbage of truzzo !
to reach the conclusions without having any element on which to found her , to feel himself / herself / themselves in right to say the proper one on the base of nothing , sustaining her own suppositions with conceitedness and minx safety as tuttologi of the cabbage .
the crisis he is making to feel of ugly in this period , and even if in television the usual political optimists of the cabbage solemnly announce that the worse it is by now to the shoulders , the small firms as the innocentini continue to arrancare or worse to fail .
mark however it does n't lose the calm , it is good in his / her job and he / she knows that the times will change in better sooner or later , despite that usual our cabbage of political .
` ` the loaf i 'll fetch you this very minute , but would n't you rather have some cabbage soup instead of sausage ?
other nights they d make cabbage leaves stuffed with rice and small pieces of lamb .
he marinated cabbage and onions in vinegar , fried the julienned potatoes on the grill , and stripped the breading off the chicken breasts .
he set me to work chopping cabbage , slicing tomatoes , and thawing meat .
` ` and your cabbage patch doll .
the fairground is already teeming with vendors selling blueberries , leeks , eggs , early corn , flowers , cabbage , beeswax , zucchini , jams , cherries , biscuits , spinach , red velvet cakes , onions , kale , sweet peppers , fruit pies of every imaginable variety , eggplant , raw milk , asparagus , fudge , butter , preserves , nectarines , cheese , scallions , honey , basil , lettuce , chard , summer squash , candles , pigs feet , honey dew , peaches , carrots , radishes , collards , green beans , herb tinctures , snap peas , cucumbers , live chickens , and green onions .
there they purchased bread , sausage , cabbages and beets .
there was no menu , and jalesow ordered for colling and himself , and soon thereafter , the sweating red - faced waitress who had taken their order dropped a tin plate piled with sausage , red cabbage and potatoes in front of them .
when they tried the hotels dining room , they found that the one dish appearing on the menu , cabbage cooked with spiced ground meat , was plain but filling .
` ` it 's those cabbages again . ''
on the kitchen bench , beside a long stainless knife , the preliminary preparations for the evening meal would be heaped onto a chopping board - orderly piles of cabbage , diced carrot and parsnip .
they call the operation a cabbage for obvious reasons .
a farm that yielded corn and cabbage til he d sold the land off given the fishing industrys first crash .
his favorites were the things his father had shown him how to gather , such as squaw cabbage and wild onions .
diana speared her cabbage .
what are those tiny cabbages with wings .
ca n't get enough of those flying cabbage heads , russell said , re - entering the house .
this is how the coppery orange tongue of the bloom on the cactus formed : emerging first as a pimple , a red knob formed on the very top of the green barrel , this bloom expanded to a small red cabbage and this cabbage began swelling out from the green hide until it resembled a teeny turban , swirled with red and yellow .
this is how the coppery orange tongue of the bloom on the cactus formed : emerging first as a pimple , a red knob formed on the very top of the green barrel , this bloom expanded to a small red cabbage and this cabbage began swelling out from the green hide until it resembled a teeny turban , swirled with red and yellow .
she had been silent as they looked round at the bare rooms , the little garden with the cabbage - stalks , and the dusty yew arbour .
the world began to look seedy a sort of cabbage - garden with all the cabbages cut .
the world began to look seedy a sort of cabbage - garden with all the cabbages cut .
there were no song birds and the only sound was the gentle rustle of a light breeze through the stiff orderly lines of cabbages , swedes and turnips .
we abandoned the cloaks on top of some smaller mushrooms and followed the path as it wound past clumps of enormous daisies and knee - high moss , and crumbled under the strain of cabbage - sized algae .
he just carried the cases of apples up from the basement and arranged the cabbage and carrots and swept the sidewalk in front of fellow 's grocery .
in the fall there was always more vegetables than the store had room for and he kept having to make room , piling the cabbage high and keeping them from falling over with the bags of carrots .
not from the top , but from the bottom - and he would pick up the cabbages and rinse them off and pile them up again , then sweep the cabbage leaves from the sidewalk .
not from the top , but from the bottom - and he would pick up the cabbages and rinse them off and pile them up again , then sweep the cabbage leaves from the sidewalk .
the words went : yes , we have no bananas , we have no bananas today we have stringbeans and onions , cabbages and scallions , all kinds of fruit , and say .
but i let my vision dim , and in a solipsistic blackness i relived the splendor of the books i was reading at home , of lands of puddings and toys , cabbages and kings .
mrs porter made sure it was healthy enough to keep most mothers happy even if the boys complained about the quantities of cabbage and greens they were forced to eat .
pip along with a lot of the other boys , could not stand cabbage or even worse , broad beans .
the interior of the building was painted bilious green and wafted the odour of ammonia disinfectant , boiled cabbage and urine .
myrtle finally found , behind the tofu , cut up vegetables in zipper bags , and heads of broccoli and cabbage , a pitcher of iced tea shoved way in the back .
beyond this yard farther behind the house was a neatly maintained garden with mature plants of peas , lettuce , broccoli and cabbage .
red wine accompanied the entreecorned beef and cabbage .
i poked at the cabbage with my fork .
` ` a low - life corn - beef and cabbage chewing hustler like you is worried about me , delaney ?
lettuce , tomatoes , pickles , onions , pickled cabbage and turnip , tahini sauce , hummus and garlic sauce wrapped in a pita loaded with chicken .
he was a human cabbage patch doll with batteries .
it reminded dave about the time his mother sent him to the store for lettuce and he came back with cabbage .
well , i did nt get you out of a cabbage patch .
there were no less than five dried flower arrangements , a wreath , two framed needlepoint canvases of cabbage roses , and a deep - pile lavender rug on the floor .
her pink and purple eye shadow said jessica and cabbage roses to me .
another wheat field rose beyond , linking in turn to fields of cabbages , maize and barley .
a 120 - gallon barrel of wine and cabbage is aging in my garage even as we speak .
he put her to work chopping cabbage and onions for cole slaw , and said he 'd go clean the fish .
very old , cooked cabbage .
with the cabbage smell from the kitchen , and now my odiferous use of the bathroom , the wallpaper would soon be coming off the walls .
some bikini babes were bowled like ten pins with hefty cabbages , making a hilarious belly flop into the pools and stirring the lot into tomato soup .
the saloon bar was empty , though the murmur of many voices drifted in from the public bar along with the yeasty smell of beer and overcooked cabbage .
the farmer nodded and began unloading crates of cabbage , cauliflower and carrots .
but that was years ago , iris inspected a cabbage and indicated for the farmer to stack the crates by the shop door .
beets , strawberries , cabbage .
take - off on those new cabbage patch dolls .
it was a formal parlor or sitting room , with faded , peeling wallpaper sporting big , red cabbage roses , and a rather nice fireplace on one wall .
although i sensed that alexandra was in for a lot of cabbage rolls and unwanted mothering as maybelle attempted to replace brenda in the puckett family unit .
the walls were papered with a pattern of large cabbage roses of several shades of mauve on a pale sage green background .
its floppy peter pan collar displayed the childs small head like a cabbage on a platter .
the hair itself now a carrot and cabbage salad of orange and grey , pulled back and tied like george washingtons .
stuffed cabbage , tossed green salad .
chicken soup with matzo balls , halvah bread , beef brisket , stuffed cabbage , tossed green salad and the yiddish standard , mogen david kosher grape wine .
she turned , pork and cabbage .
on mondays he liked to go up into chinatown just after dawn , when all the deliveries were being made - crates of produce , carrots , lettuce , broccoli , cauliflower , melons , and a dozen varieties of cabbage , tended by latinos in the central valley and consumed by chinese in chinatown , having passed through anglo hands just long enough to extract the nourishing money .
she took stock of the cabbage stew with resignation .
the air smelled of boiled cabbage and potatoes .
also , the aroma of cabbage and potatoes was inviting .
from curried cabbage , carrots and potatoes , to some unidentified beef dish with a little bit of field greens , tomatoes , and feta in the middle , this was his favorite meal and his favorite restaurant .
the house smelled of boiled cabbage .
the walls were covered in some kind of old fashioned cabbage rose paper and the trim was thick and dark and dismal , with ornate carvings and old fashioned scrolls .
he started off with the cabbage patch of all things .
now be a good boy and eat up your cabbage .
two limp carrots , three scaly tomatoes and a small weary - looking cabbage .
then you add cabbage , pickled herring , mangoes , onions , grapes and anything else you can find .
the cabbage is the buds on the trees .
i remembered many times sitting in the hallway between the bedrooms in my moms house at 5:00 a.m. playing with my cabbage patch dolls until my family woke up .
she stood up with all the surface calm of a field of wet cabbages , but excitement was bubbling in her chest like vesuvius , like ginger beer , like childrens giggles , so that everything seemed fantastic , exceptional , wonderful , amazing , multi - coloured , and extraordinary .
` ` listen , who cares if all he can grow is cabbage ? ''
dolly panted loudly , her bad breath sweeping over the table like a wind from a rotten cabbage patch .
also , well be having potato tacos with cabbage and cotija cheese with a tomato lemon sauce .
you re as green as a cabbage , doctor stein .
they went home and told their wives that the irish stew or bacon and cabbage was very different over at mrs starr 's place than it was at home , and it caused a lot of resentment .
his sister had cooked veal cutlets , small red potatoes and what looked like a purple cabbage stir - fry .
there was a woman in the court of louis the sun king who said none could compare to her ' dear little cabbage . '
` ` bok choy - chinese cabbage . ''
the walls were papered with a faded print of cabbage roses , the surface of the desk stained with ink and scarred with the marks of letter openers and pen nibs , and the grate was sooty .
` ` six months of cabbage soup to lose ten pounds ?
richard thought dody was rude and invasive and that her house always smelled like cabbage and patchouli .
cum - mings book like it was the last cabbage patch kid .
she was choking on the overwhelming smell of skunk cabbage and feeling far too alone with her thoughts .
` ` you had a two - room cabin and your mother was a terrible cook , so the whole place always smelled like cabbage .
your mother had the cabbage going , and it stank so badly i almost skipped your house .
suddenly she remembered something daniel had said , about her mother making bad boiled cabbage in that past life .
there were sliced duck served over cabbage , whole hares that had been roasted on spits , cauldrons of baby cauliflowers with a bright orange sauce , high - piled platters of apples , pears , and dried currants harvested from the surrounding forests , and a whole long wooden table filled with misshapen , half - burned pies of meat and fruit .
fish tacos with radish and shredded cabbage .
knowing her , she 'd pry out of him what was wrong , give him some common - sense advice and then feed him a huge dinner , as if her cabbage rolls would solve all his problems .
oliver loved her and her stuffed cabbage , but even his mother would n't be able to help him understand emma collins .
it was either his mother 's cabbage rolls or listening to harry .
` ` cabbage rolls , with soup or salad , '' barbara said , pulling out her pad and pencil while maryanne quickly scanned the menu .
she cracked her eye and cataloged the standard days inn furnishings : an oak bedside table bolted to the wall , a digital clock that said eleven - thirty , teal curtains edged with gray winter light , a bedspread with a cabbage rose motif that was echoed in the wallpaper border .
too hard and rangy to belong to the house with its 1940s cabbage rose wallpaper , lace doilies , and china figurines , he looked like he 'd just stepped out of a grade - b western .
i do n't mean that she collected cabbage patch kids when she was , like , five .
grey and the guide were both obliged to get down every so often and move some object - crushed barrels , a heap of spoilt cabbage , and on one notable occasion , a recently deceased pig - out of the way , but the distance was not great , and within half an hour , they had reached their destination .
he put the orange in his pocket and sloshed moodily across a flooded street , kicking floating cabbage leaves out of the way .
the air smelled of peat smoke , cooking meat , and something vaguely nasty of a vegetable nature - scorched cabbage .
now we ' ve the buildings left , barely the ground to grow a few heads of cabbage , and lucky to have it .
he had procured a cabbage , and a few potatoes , which he modestly displayed .
some of their food - lacking a pot , they ate the cabbage raw , despite quinn 's dire predictions of unparalleled flatulence .
he 'd eaten worse than raw cabbage , often .
` ` the invasion ... '' jamie 's mind was coming hastily back from its peaceful bourne of prayer , and the knotting of his belly was not due to raw cabbage alone .
the cabbage was making its presence felt and jamie clenched his buttocks , silently easing himself .
then she 'd tell them how the cow eats the cabbage , and they 'd take that as a personal challenge to be the one to break down her defenses .
but she usually put beets and purple cabbage on the salad , to give it visual zip .
i 'd gone up to my garden to pick greens , only to discover said greens seething with wedge - shaped bodies and shuffling , clawed feet , my lettuces and cabbages gnawed to ragged nubbins and the morning - glory vine on the palisade hanging in shreds .
my back ached , my knees creaked like hinges , my fingernails were caked with dirt , and strands of hair stuck to my neck and cheeks - but the new crops of pole beans , onions , turnips , and radishes were planted , the cabbages weeded and culled , and a dozen large peanut bushes had been pulled up and hung to dry on the garden palisades , safe from marauding squirrels .
butterflies were rising among the flowers in the dooryard , cabbage whites and sulfur yellows , here and there the great , lazy sail of a late tiger swallowtail out of the shadow of the wood .
across the clearing , she saw mrs . bug come down the path from the garden with an apron full of cabbages and carrots ; claire had not set foot in her garden since ... ` ` will they be all right ? ''
something involving cabbages and sausages , none of it complimentary .
` ` so are most other kinds of plants - oranges and lemons are best , but of course you ca n't get those here - but onions , cabbage , apples ... eat something like that every day , and you wo n't get scurvy .
the ` ` peasants '' were forced to eat onions and cabbage , having nothing else .
one voracious rabbit could eat a cabbage down to the roots , and from the looks of things , he 'd brought friends .
i wanted cabbages , though , to preserve as sauerkraut ; come midwinter , we would want food with some taste to it , as well as some vitamin c. i had enough seed left , and could raise a couple of decent crops before the weather turned cold , if i could keep the bloody rabbits off .
` ` since you ' ve a big , strong lad like yon to see ye home , i ' ve a chest of dried marsh cabbage and other simples as i ' ve promised to mrs . fitzgibbons up at the castle .
besides the lovely little ornamental garden , the manor had a small herb garden and an immense kitchen garden or kailyard that supplied turnips , cabbages , and vegetable marrows .
` ` oui , ma petite chou - not that i ' ve ever seen a cabbage with quite such a red nose . ''
it would be a good four months before we saw much of fresh greenery , though i did have plenty of turnips and cabbage still in the ground .
he shifted the paper - wrapped cake , though , and took hold of my elbow with his free hand , in case i was about to fall facefirst into the cabbage bed from fatigue .
alicewarmed them up from the inside withcocannon , a cabbage stew , and the men occupied themselves with games of dice , flirting with the serving women , sharpening their swords and daggers , and swapping tales that grew both louder and taller .
the wallpaper was still the pale pink cabbage roses that she and caroline had picked out when they were children .
walls papered in a creamy white pattern with cabbage roses twining on prickly vines .
they were all lying there , zach with his blond ponytail streaming out behind him ( on a moss - green carpet worked with cabbage roses , but do n't think about that , do n't think about that now ) , summer with her light curls cradled protectively in her small arms , audrey with her french twist coming loose .
still every detail of the vintage cabbage rose nursery stayed in her mind from the glistening cherry wood furniture to the yellow and pink patterns .
she grew tomatoes and onions , turnips and beans , cabbage and corn , and in the summers , it was impossible to see the road that fronted the house from the living room .
` ` marnie says her cabbage won first place at the fair this year . ''
no one would guess that they had lived all their lives in tenements where the smell of cabbage always surrounded them .
she only had to smell cooked cabbage to know she did n't like it , right ?
` ` i brought you some cabbage pierogies and okroshka , mom .
hours later , on this first night in their new home , in the room that smells of boiled cabbage and too many people , vera makes a bed of blankets on the floor and snuggles close to her sister .
vera slides sideways off her own heels and sits in the warm dirt , looking down at the fragile green rosette of a baby cabbage beside her .
at her grandmother 's sharp look , she adds , ` ` i will pick some cucumbers and cabbage . ''
` ` she smells like cabbage . ''
she spurred in a tone of voice one might use when addressing a cabbage .
the mingling scents of lysol , cigarette smoke , and cooked cabbage warred for possession of the air , but there was something surprisingly appealing about the smell .