several of the ranch hands he questioned had seen her , and he realized that pepper was gone from his stall .
he saw several fresh horse prints , but he was n't a good enough tracker to know if they were chloe 's pepper or another ranch hand 's trail .
the administrator was in her mid fifties with salt and pepper hair , sparkling brown eyes and a grandmotherly figure that was encased in a loose fitting , all black dress with almost no accessories .
the conference was being held at peppers , a highly reputable country hotel in the hunter river valley .
me a glass of water , send someone for a dr pepper , and then have him come in , '' evan said curtly .
` ` whatever you say pepper , but you know that 's going to be hard , since i want you constantly . ''
your voice is soft where it used to be edgy , pepper .
` ` as much any two vampire souls had ever been , but david 's desperation to be a council member started to waver from the day he met pepper .
` ` i saw the look in david 's eye , saw his heart break right there in a room full of people when pepper was bound and thrown to her knees before him like some petty thief . ''
and i was grateful to him for that now more than ever after everything pepper went through .
` ` you know nothing of what pepper suffered , '' he said in an eerily calm voice , and let go of my arms , pulling me up off the wall just a little first .
give him dr pepper or give him death .
he 'd been bitching about the lack of dr pepper for a few days now .
a few pepper trees offer the area shade , so we migrate over .
a light pepper of rain falls , refreshing us in this oppressive heat .
i spot pepper and head over .
i ' m not sure a lot was accomplished due the fact when we return pepper has already vanished , and evilyn stands at the window like she 's contemplating a leap .
it 's a text from pepper .
` ` pepper was there with about thirteen interns , and each one of them witnessed the event . ''
i tried to take the elevator , but pepper and her interns were there so i took the stairs . ''
` ` she was lookin ' at something outside , i ' m checkin ' , '' sandy shooter told pepper shooter .
ally did n't listen , we bumped pepper rick , did a nauseating , out of control jerk from side - to - side before ally righted us and then she yelled , ` ` righteous ! ''
her dark hair was still wet , falling past her shoulders almost to her hips as she stood at his kitchen island chopping a bell pepper .
` ` tell that to this pepper , '' a.j .
jake crunched a chunk of blood - red bell pepper between his teeth .
a patio graced the center of the restaurant , shaded by graceful pepper trees .
he held up his glass , indicating he 'd like a refill on his dr pepper .
the school custodian , madelyn pepper ( always called ` ` miss maddy '' ) , was sitting on a plastic chair right outside the main school doors , her rolling cart beside her .
maddy pepper might be a woman of limited intelligence , but she loved her job because she was good at it .
the colors and the design made the cylinder look like a dr pepper can in almost every respect , but it just was n't .
i promised myself i would never drink another dr pepper as long as i lived , and i 'd been real fond of them before tonight .
she did n't seem to realize i 'd been with the queen when the slaughter of jennifer cater 's group was discovered , and though she 'd heard i 'd found the dr pepper bomb , she told me all about it anyway , as though i had n't been there .
who had planted the dr pepper bomb ?
` ` so , what was the result of the dr pepper bomb ? ''
and it was a load off my mind to feel that the dr pepper thing was solved .
` ` like your flaming dr pepper moment when you scorched your mustache in a bar . ''
even with your flaming dr pepper call sign , i can only think of one time i ' ve seen you with alcohol . ''
rumor held he 'd once singed the blond stache in a bar with a flaming dr pepper mixed drink , thus his call sign .
muttering to himself , mick rang for his accountant , pepper .
he still had to have a hasty meeting with pepper if he were to leave london in the morning .
the investments pepper had made for him were now more important than ever .
` ` several years ago i hired pepper to manage my money .
he was still staring down when pepper shoved something into his hand .
i ' ve left instructions for pepper to manage yer money for ye .
i am gazing at this empty shell of a room and wondering where i will hang the pepper pictures that we bought in france .
i was thinking of the pepper pictures in here . ''
innes nodded , peering soberly at the chart , which showed a sprinkle of islands like coarse - ground pepper , floating on the waters of the caribbean .
what kind of name is pepper ?
she took a breath in and looked down at pepper in her lap .
she took it and stood , putting pepper down to sniff at her feet .
she picked pepper up and looked at me .
one of her favorite things was to see into peppers mind and the simple things she thought , so when she was near pepper and me together , her joy at the dogs thoughts always made me feel special .
we left pepper with her mother and siblings and climbed into kaylins beat - up toyota and drove out of the neighborhood .
as i ran , the jarring of it caused pepper so much pain , i switched to lifting her with my telekinesis and carrying her that way .
* * * pepper was fine .
that s two , avril said to me the next day as we watched pepper play with her brother and sister .
she smiled at pepper rolling around and then got up and sat on the ground with them all .
the speakers were the same two men nate and i had overheardan older middle eastern - looking with salt and pepper hair and a gray beard , and a younger man who looked so much like him , no one had to tell me whose son he was .
but the other them had long ago learned that pepper did not consider herself bound by the informal conventions of brotherly scuffles .
said pepper , relaxing .
said pepper 's sister .
( it had been agreed without a word being said that if anyone was going to play the part of any stupid princesses , it was n't going to be pepper . )
said pepper , still staring at the ground .
something to do with maypoles , i think , '' said pepper vaguely .
` ` h .. huh , '' stuttered pepper , as the rising wind whipped at her t .. shirt , ` ` i do n't s .. see why wensley 's got america an ' all i ' ve g .. got is just russia .
there was a clacking noise and pepper swung out of her drive .
she laughed again , but the machine .. gun stutter died away as pepper stepped forward and raised a trembling arm .
' little boys , ' ` ` muttered pepper , disgustedly .
asked pepper .
still in his sergeant pepper 's uniform .
my nephew , noel , would be at school , and my maidservant , pepper , was likely off with the cook , mrs . bullensham , on their daily errands .
i was only able to beg off by claiming i had plans to meet an acquaintance at the british museum and by forcing pepper to accompany me so i was n't going unchaperoned .
warning pepper to dissuade florence , who might come to check on me , i climbed out the window .
my maid , pepper , had helped me dress .
at pepper 's insistence , i had another dagger slipped inside my tall boot , as well as a vial of salted holy water in the other .
you get pepper on the wall ? ''
how she missed the sunshine , the beaches , the towering palms , the sweetgums and pepper trees .
melinda , spry and peppy , sprung off the couch from an unlikely position , scampered off to the kitchen to make popcorn and refill her doctor pepper .
lucy burgess and thomas pepper were gathering their belongings together by the east wall a short time later .
maybe thomas pepper , senator lavelle had approached the two of them undetected with two of the peacekeepers shadowing behind him .
of course , senator , thomas pepper buttoned his jacket up .
he planted himself in the space between thomas pepper and his sick wife protectively as if he were a doberman , with his fur ruffled , ready to spring into attack mode at any given moment .
cavetti looked from mayor johnson , to her husband , to the peacekeepers who were at full attention , to thomas pepper , then to the heavens itself for guidance .
finally , thomas pepper said , and what is the whirlwind ?
many americans , including thomas pepper believed serena tennyson knew what this plan was .
all that i ask from you , thomas pepper , is for the truth , nothing more .
and thomas pepper knew it was that pictorial of her that he would someday take to his own grave .
i ve read both of thomas peppers books on race relations in this country .
i remember those interviews with pepper as well .
if he defied her wishes , a technical difficulty sign would flash across his viewers computers screens , static would infiltrate the podcastand thomas pepper would be killed minutes later by pandora agents nearby .
serena said and took another deep breath and hoped thomas pepper would wisely follow her lead .
serena saved the center camera for the epilogue of her interview with thomas pepper .
thomas pepper looked ill .
allow me to conclude my interview with thomas pepper , leave his residence , and return to pandora without incident , and you have my word that no law enforcement official will be hurt .
three male agents are helping poor thomas pepper to his feet .
thomas pepper looked back over his shoulder at her .
thomas pepper or this entity that wore his guise said .
yea , you are talking about pepper , thomas pepper who used to write for the advocate .
and , rather she wanted to admit it or not , shaken to her marrow by the vision shed experienced with the parody of thomas pepper and his three doors to prophecy .
but serena tennyson was either asking about thomas pepper because she hoped to distract angel from conducting her interview at her pace and with the subject matter she wanted or did the woman truly has a concern over the mans well - being ?
just as thomas pepper stepped through the threshold another agent nearly collided with him walking in .
the hallway behind them had been a bustle of foot traffic , but thomas pepper noted that was nt the only reason for the sudden silence hanging in the air .
thomas pepper finally asked .
chris had attended part of that meeting before he and blue left to meet with thomas pepper .
so far he had called him when he was still a captive inside of the fox theatre during the siege , called him again an hour earlier when he and blue were playing tag interviewing thomas pepper , and now he was ringing him up at this inopportune time .
thomas pepper took a breath .
thomas pepper dares speak of god .
after she and thomas pepper give separate but hotly contested interviews with the bureau , she escapes in a series of daring synchronized stages that leaves christopher prince and the fbi befuddled .
thomas pepper draws close , dangerously close to discovering the answers to the three questions that everyone in the country wants to know .
thomas pepper gave the senior editors office a hard once over and then lowered his voice .
the old newspaper man suspected what thomas pepper had suspected .
thomas pepper was not the only man in this town who could utter the truth .
thomas pepper , more than ever , wondered if he would live long enough to tell what he knew to the world .
serena looked as if her eyes were full of tears , but as she became one with the shadows it became entirely impossible for thomas pepper to be absolutely sure .
and what if thomas pepper produces evidence and tells our people a part or all of the three things that they want to know the most .
thomas pepper finally reveals what he knows to an anxious country teetering on the edge of the abyss .
my name is thomas pepper .
you were the thomas pepper that i ve always known , but you were also the man that i knew that i would never truly have .
two or three people that i trust with my life have told me that they disagree with thomas pepper on one point : they believe that the caretaker is still alive .
i am talking about real truth ; the type of earthshaking truth that thomas pepper claims that follows him around .
pepper aided somewhat in answering the three questions that every person of color in this country wanted to knowi will tell you that the one question that you ve asked yourself your entire life is soon to be answered .
she had betrayed his identity to thomas pepper because he had betrayed caretaker , pandora and her first .
four peacekeepers had walked into vera caf in south atlanta , announced their presence and immediate intention to thomas pepper where he had been seated alone in a booth nearest the window , smacked him upside his head in front of the overflowing lunch crowd , blindfolded him and tossed him unceremoniously into the back of a car .
thomas pepper pulled out a key card and presented it to xavier .
ernestine once told me privately that she considered you an immoral man , thomas pepper .
he would have killed her at the mere suggestion of this impossibility but scottys words were ringing in his head as if he were at the vatican on an easter sunday : i am talking about real truth ; the type of earthshaking truth that thomas pepper claims that follows him around .
a violence that both dr . seth dupree and thomas pepper will witness at the most intimate level imaginable .
he took the unclaimed dr pepper and popped off the cap .
chapter thirty one they met in the lounge of the red pepper , a few floors up in the watergate .
he is working in the pepper beds .
like , i could recover the twenty grand for your pepper growers .
he 'd picked up pepper at a young age , and had vigorously asserted it as his legal name .
an odd child who stuttered badly , pepper discovered the great outdoors as a young teenager , and loved nothing better than to camp and hunt for days , usually alone .
statistically , there was strong evidence that the disappearances of pepper and patrick were related .
the pepper story played well in the press .
he and pepper had hunted deer together in january of 1992 , and had eaten beef stew over a fire late one cold afternoon in the woods .
second , the fbi has done an exhaustive computer analysis of all persons who became missing on or shortly before february 9 , 1992 . pepper is the only person within three hundred miles who has not been heard from . ''
i did n't kill pepper . ''
` ` yes , it was , i told pepper that the cops were about to arrest him .
i drove pepper to the greyhound bus station in jackson .
later , i drove pepper to the bus station in jackson .
a vast pepper sea that spread in every direction .
they parted that pepper sea as andrew peters continued to run and the pepper gained clarity , became heads and then faces .
an enormous pepper tree shaded one side of the front yard .
from his place beneath a pepper tree , he watched a young man stride down the street toward him .
he tossed a dr pepper bottle into a nearby trash can .
` ` for starters , i do n't have a conversation with our friend jessica boden about an early morning trip to the labs with an old dr pepper bottle , or a late - night trip outside the grounds , where someone came home with leaves in her hair . ''
my personal number was listed , and with a little investigative spirit , pepper could have tracked it down .
i waited until pepper left too before i stepped out of the shadows .
patch told me you ' ve been living a double life , pepper .
you 're most definitely not a common criminal , pepper .
he 's not my boyfriend anymore , '' i told pepper .
` ` i could tell you how pepper tried to kidnap me this morning and hold me hostage , or maybe you 'd like to hear how dante secretly fed me a drink enhanced with devilcraft ?
` ` i know you 're blackmailing pepper friberg , '' i said .
i glared at dabria , not buying that her interaction with pepper had been that innocent .
` ` and no closer to pinning down pepper 's blackmailer .
` ` is there a chance pepper is making it up ?
the plausibility of my theory seemed to settle over us like a cold fogke a col . ` ` you think pepper is on assignment from a group of crooked archangels to get rid of me for good , '' he said slowly at last .
` ` do you think we can get pepper to turn on the archangels ?
i do n't want you going anywhere near pepper .
` ` we 're going to make this simple for you , pepper .
i asked pepper .
nothing will go wrong , '' i reassured pepper , then added a quick private instruction to scott using mind - speak : keep him calm while i call patch , will you ?
when the blackmailer calls pepper , we 're going to have a twenty - minute window .
the blackmailer wo n't be able to tell it 's you in the mausoleum , not pepper , until it 's too late . ''
i faced pepper .
either way , pepper would have known to call me .
why did you blackmail pepper ?
if you help me get pepper to enchant the objects , i 'll vouch for you .
i met pepper 's gaze , putting steel behind mine .
` ` we have to contact pepper .
until we know for sure pepper has succeeded , we ca n't mention the feathers . ''
we have to warn pepper , i said .
i punched pepper 's number into my phone , but he did n't pick up .
oh , and you might like to know we ' ve got pepper in custody and we 're dealing with him .
the tip of her green felt pepper costume wobbled on top of her head .
he had been old ... like seventy old , but with a full head of pepper grey hair and a trim physique .
the tuesday of the second week of our careful dance my mom sends me to the store to pick up a bell pepper .
` ` just getting a bell pepper for me ma ' .
his gratitude is a rare thing - it is much more likely for a boy to feel thankful for the diet dr pepper than he is to feel thankful for being healthy and alive , for being able to walk to his boyfriend 's house at age fifteen without any doubt that this is the right thing to do .
the truck smelled vaguely like dr pepper .
the last fool in the list claimed to have gotten a massage from a hyperactive pepper who massaged salt into his skin .
athys replied , always by gestures , that that was well , and indicated to grimaude , by pointing to a turret that resembled a pepper caster , that she was to stand as sentinel .
tomika snapped her fingers and gave a smile while pointing with her fingers making the shape of guns as pepper went into her home .
it was pepper who was arriving home from her family outing .
half - laughing , pepper pulled her shirt selection on and came to her window to throw it open .
and i think you look super sexy , pepper .
anyway , you guys look great , pepper said .
i mean i d love to ask pepper out where its just the two of us but i get so awkward when i talk to her .
excuse me , pepper said .
thank you , sir , said pepper .
its redundant , said pepper .
the anticipated curve arrived and pepper held her breath as she veered off the road to head straight towards the fence .
why was pepper with you ?
i was just reading this text from pepper .
i ca nt pepper wiped her eyes .
possibly deadly and stoking resentment in pepper for being a hostage to it .
she just wanted pepper to know that she could undoubtedly trust her .
i ... pepper took a deep breath to steady her nerves and swallowed a lump of saliva .
jina came closely to pepper 's side and took one of her hands in hers .
brody nodded his head in casual agreement as he began brushing pepper .
it will not do for anything extravagant , but i think we can keep the poor creatures in pepper , at least until then . ''
but they do n't grow pepper . ''
the man who sent the east india company 's frigates home with a cargo of the cheapest pepper in history .
her mainmast split in that storm , and the vessel was lost sight of soon after , leaving the hollanders to lament it may have sunk or gone aground on the coast , together with over five hundred ton of their malabar pepper .
if this was our former captain - general , he is either gone to god or is now again in india ( if the vessel haply made landfall and saved the hollanders ' pepper ) .
it and an overhanging pepper tree were the only shelter from rain .
the seventh hole was a par five that doglegged left around a cluster of large old pepper trees .
you should have come here and telephoned jack after you buried pepper .
he told his father he must have strained it throwing pepper with some of the guys in the park .
the banyans gave way to an oppressive forest of brazilian peppers , and there we saw our first wildlife : a huge bobcat that stood for a moment in the rubbly remains of the road , hissing at us with its ears laid flat , then fled into the underbrush .
behind it was another thick stand of brazilian peppers , and - ` ` wireman , are those banana trees ? ''
i had no idea i was afraid of alligators until i saw that chunk of prehistoric darkness separate itself from the decaying stew in the old pool and come for us , first across the overgrown concrete ( brushing aside the last surviving , tipped - over lawn chair as it did ) and then sliding into the weeds and vines trailing down from the nearest brazilian peppers .
jasmine pepper told me that and i ve got to believe that she knows what she is talking about .
i have to watch jasmine pepper and make sure her sense of humor does nt punk me in the wrong places .
that s how i d write if i was trying to impress jasmine pepper , but i would nt write because i could nt write well enough to impress her in a way she needs to be impressed .
i think i m in love and i want to jump up and down on the bed and tell the world , but i know better so ill shut up and not tell anyone including jasmine pepper .
i miss jasmine pepper at times like these , she s the best one to understand the crazy talk i talk .
jim and i had been talking about sergeant peppers and we wanted some kind of , what they call , lamination on the end , something like what the beatles did with strawberry fields , you know , sort of incorporating found sounds , etc .
a phoebe with a fluffy black head and twitching grey tail lands in the pepper tree near my bench .
a tortuous pepper tree grew between footpath and the house , covering much of the street - front aspect .
outside a foreboding wind tore at the kerb - side pepper trees .
the pillow had left light lines on his face , standing out against the mostly pepper scruff that left a shadow against his upper lip and cheeks .
the seduction of silence and there , where the pepper grows have been published internationally to critical acclaim by harpercollins and penguin , and father of all stories ( publication pending ) forms part of a recent doctoral submission at the university of sydney .
i marveled at the pruning done to a nicely shaped pepper tree two houses to my right .
our guns , binoculars , bullet proof vest , hoodies , gloves , hats , flashlight , pepper spray , walky - talkies , voice changer , the prepaid phone we bought off craigslist to use only for tomorrow night .
my sister pepper was thirty - five and older than i was by three years , but i was taller by three inches .
and it had a secret telephone number known only to pepper and jackie .
i told you i promised pepper i d quit swearing , and if you keep dropping f - bombs , ill never be able to stop .
it ll be fun , pepper said .
it was hot , sweaty work , but filling pepper in on the few details of rubys murder helped to pass some of the time more quickly .
oh , yeah , pepper said with surprise .
i heard pepper say , bucks brother and his wife are coming with their five kids .
when we doubled back to the diamond gentlemans club , pepper was leaning against the car .
fine by me , pepper said and turned the car around .
pink elephants should be just ahead on your left , jackie told pepper .
no problem , pepper said .
we could go with ps and juniors , or pepper and juniors .
instead , i followed pepper through the garage and into the kitchen .
more than sixty seconds , pepper said and upped the speed on her treadmill .
i looked at pepper .
i glanced at pepper .
she pulled out her cell phone and started taking a video of pepper and me in the front seat .
pepper did the exorcist thing again with her head .
you re not going to be able to walk tomorrow , pepper said .
she gave the engagement announcement to pepper and the wedding announcement to me .
she grabbed the paper from pepper .
its worth taking a look , i said to pepper .
you guys go ahead and do your thing , i told pepper .
everyone in the cemetery could hear pepper screeching at him .
if pepper does nt mind , i d rather sleep down here .
i m staying here with pepper tonight .
ill call him , pepper said .
no , i said while shooting eye daggers at pepper .
jackie pulled in a few minutes later and ran over to wake pepper .
the dead mans hair was a pepper of grey amongst darker brown .
kara crawled into bed and cracked open the first dr . pepper .
to the south , about two hundred yard from us , in the middle of that huge expanse , stood three massive california pepper trees that formed a perfect triangle .
we sat there , inside the shade of the pepper tree , not talking but casting glances in each others direction from time to time .
at the base of the massive pepper tree , the newspaper was left , discarded .
birds chirped in the giant pepper tree that provided us with shade and doubled as our fort .
steve and i moved all of the bigger loose debris out and dragged it to one of the other pepper trees some hundred feet off .
my poor pepper is going to tear up my window blinds the longer we stand out here . ''
anthony , our instructor , was at least forty , but still had a sexy older man kind of vibe , with salt and pepper hair , a slim but muscular build , steely gray eyes , and a hot italian accent .
it was made out of a dr pepper bottle , and she kept it on the coffee table . ''
still , she could remember being fascinated with the idea that she could have all the dr pepper she wanted without ever putting money in a machine .
she grabbed her lukewarm dr pepper , took a long , slow sip as she formulated what she wanted to say .