' it 's when your blood sugar dips lowest . '
i stare at her , my beautiful sugar .
i am sugar to him .
this reaction was due to low blood sugar along with everything else .
jade needed bottled water ; jade needed a salad from the deli with fat - free dressing because her blood sugar was low .
shehab gazed down at her with such indulgence , mohab made a mental note to check his blood sugar as soon as he left their company .
that combo , where you get mad because you 're low blood sugar .
she 'd eaten dinner , but it was getting late , and she could use something to boost her blood sugar .
my blood sugar , however , is down .
the juice is clearly to remedy the extreme drop in blood sugar brought about by too much exertion .
i have some orange juice there ; perhaps your blood sugar is a bit low ?
` ` low blood sugar .
she should refuse to eat , talk or put up with being captured , but she had n't eaten in so long she was getting shaky from low blood sugar .
` ` what if my blood sugar gets low and i need a sucker desperately ? ''
` ` sugar weakens the immune system , '' the woman said .
we started a total sugar fast yesterday .
i begin to feel sorry for the sugar .
` ` and on the way we 'll get some cheetos and dr pepper for ty 's blood sugar , '' zane added , unperturbed .
sugar has a very special , oversized place on my food pyramid .
you really do need carbohydrates and sugar .
` ` you obviously need to do something about your blood sugar levels .
low blood sugar !
` ` low blood sugar ?
` ` low blood sugar , '' i lied .
` ` and it turns out your blood sugar was low .
besides all that , she 'd packed his logbook to record his blood - sugar readings , and plenty of carbohydrates disguised as granola bars , trail mix , fruit and individually packaged chips for her son 's mid - morning and mid - afternoon snacks .
she needed to find a place where they could spend the night , and she needed to test max to be sure the insulin she 'd given him with his meal had n't pulled his blood sugar too low .
blood sugar that was too high or too low could kill him , and he could go either way unexpectedly and very quickly .
before preston had returned , emma had tested her son , fed him a granola bar to raise his blood sugar after swimming , and tucked him in his makeshift bed .
she had to give max his lunch ; to keep his blood sugar steady , he needed to eat at the same time every day .
emma was n't sure if his blood sugar was too high or too low - either extreme could cause moodiness - or if his sudden melancholy resulted from what she 'd told him earlier .
she was afraid that after eating so late , max 's blood sugar might be too high to go through the whole night without more insulin .
` ` following a tight meal plan helps control his blood sugar . ''
` ` it 's just that blood sugar affects mood .
she did n't want his blood sugar to go low - especially now .
diabetics who do n't control their blood sugar end up blind or on dialysis .
` ` and low blood sugar results in what happened at the pool . ''
while he hoped max 's blood sugar was n't low , he hoped it was n't high , either .
` ` max 's blood sugar .
she has to keep her blood sugar level as close to normal as possible . ''
gummy - eyed and dizzy , probably from low blood sugar , i stumbled downstairs and opened it .
he takes out the pen - shaped object that checks his blood sugar and pricks his skin , reminding me of the night when i found him in the bar and had to do it for him .
' i ' m more muscly because i ' ve been taking care of myself and working out more with kayden , ' he says and as if proving his point that he is indeed taking better care of himself , he picks up his case that carries his stuff for his diabetes to check his blood sugar level .
' i have a fucking headache , ' i mutter and take a sip of my coke , wondering if maybe my blood sugar 's low or if i ' m just really stressed .
` ` i think he has low blood sugar . ''
and my dad 's stash was for his blood sugar . ''
if it saved me money , then i was going to hook up with a sugar in every city .
low blood sugar was bad in their business .
ethan turned up his nose at the vegetables , but i was starving , and he found me petulant enough on a full stomach to avoid low - blood - sugar grouchiness .
she decided to make an early night of practicum , and instead put in a call to catcher that was sickly sweet enough that my blood sugar rose .
turns out feeling like a giant fatty whose blood sugar levels were likely going to put her in a coma was n't as bad as reliving the moment you caught your husband being ridden by some bimbo in the center of your pottery barn sheets .
` ` i get grumpy when i do n't eat , too , '' he said , like the reason i did n't feel like dying was because of low blood sugar .
she looked like the snack food sno balls , and i would imagine that at ten years old , sugar factored into the majority of his fantasies .
low blood sugar and all . ''
i was n't joking about the low blood sugar . ''
she was feeling better today after a more restful night 's sleep , but her blood sugar levels were still low .
` ` my blood sugar was a little low , but everything is under control now . ''
maybe your blood sugar dropped .
` ` i think his blood sugar 's dropping , '' ryland explained .
` ` remind me to check your blood sugar when we get back home . ''
i think my blood sugar is low . ''
` ` so , your blood sugar .
my blood sugar is too low . ''
` ` low blood sugar , mostly , '' karzac pronounced .
` ` i do n't even want to know what your blood sugar levels are . ''
` ` her blood sugar 's dropping .
we do n't want your blood sugar acting up on today of all days . ''
i ca n't imagine that being good for her body considering the blood sugar medication she takes .
sometimes my blood sugar gets a little low and i get a little foggy , '' i lie .
i was suffering from low blood sugar or something .
maybe my blood sugar is low and that 's why i ' m so grumpy . ''
we need you up and running and your blood sugar is low .
i had nt realized how much of my fury had been from low blood sugar .
separating out sugar from gasoline is simple as long as you use the principles of contagion and similarity aidan , normally i d be all kinds of interested , but we do nt have a lot of time .
the leprechaun placed his hand gently on her shoulder , mina , victor needs to get his blood sugar back up .
while we , the fester tail people , have the metabolism of a hummingbird and a diet that consists mainly of sugar , larger sized beings should learn portion control - especially children .
liberty usually checked his blood sugar first thing in the morning , and ears were much less painful to stick than fingertips , especially over time .
she and david were of the opinion , over time , that any juice took a distant second to the wondrous blood sugar rebound effects of coca cola .
she steeled herself to do what david so often bravely did ; she stuck liberty in the ear - lobe to check his blood sugar .
` ` you know your blood sugar 's always high the morning after one of these . ''
in truth , he could n't be certain that it was n't a low blood sugar , so he pulled from his pocket a handful of mini tootsie rolls and passed them around , tossing two into his own mouth , just in case .
` ` my blood sugar was low . ''
` ` cause your blood sugar came back over three hundred .
liberty was now mildly dehydrated , and his blood sugar was creeping above two hundred .
he was grimy and thin , his hair was out of control , and his blood sugar was over three - hundred .
the result is a healthy pancreatic tissue module , capable of producing insulin spontaneously and in response to liberty 's blood sugar level .
e - i continued to monitor his blood sugar , but it remained normal since his procedure .
marias gastric system produced an auditory sound as she paused suddenly desiring to rise her diminishing blood sugar levels .
it caused her blood sugar to spike high and crash minutes later unless she could down a candy bar .
thanks , ill be able to think better without my blood sugar crashing , the sight of the burger had him almost drooling with anticipation .
her stomach growled again , and this time she began to feel her blood sugar drop .
she snapped , her blood sugar still dangerously low .
jimmy fumbled to get rid of the prickly balloon he was about to throw at lily 's sugar molecule and asked a decoy question to get himself out of trouble .
indeed many of the radicals in the polymer that constituted sys 's body bore significant similarities to sugar .
the dew on the flat stalks absorbed sugar produced by the grass purple skin .
the food humans eat here on earth is solar energy that plants convert into sugars and other nutrients .
our plants produce sugars differently because earth photosynthesis with chlorophyll works poorly on oma except on the equator .
the ultra deluxe one shed chosen contained probes not just for blood pressure , heart rate and body temperature , it also came with a blood sugar monitor and hemocult scan .
next came the pressure probe , which looked like an old - fashioned clothespin , and the blood sugar monitor , which looked like a thimble .
many modern blood sugar meters take a tiny sample of blood through a pinprick in the skin and can even transmit the blood sugar levels to the pump wirelessly .
many modern blood sugar meters take a tiny sample of blood through a pinprick in the skin and can even transmit the blood sugar levels to the pump wirelessly .
also available on a less widely distributed basis are implantable continuous blood glucose meters that send out the blood sugar readings to the pump continuously .
you ca n't even draw a sugar molecule right and you assume that your simple presence here solves all the problems of the antigravity engine ? ''
but ever since the global administration had started its war on fat and sugar , obesity had been on the decline and was now back at edwardian era levels , which made huxley stand out in a way he did nt feel comfortable with .
low blood sugar , he decided .
` ` glucose - or any other simple sugar in the body - belongs to a certain molecular configuration , so that we call it d - glucose .
if i were a doctor of medicine and had to test a patient 's blood sugar , i 'd need a chemical laboratory .
if my blood sugar drops too low i might take your head off . ''
he knew he was on the verge of passing out from low blood sugar .
` ` sialic acid is a kind of sugar .
my bahamalama - dingdong buzz began to wear off , and soon my system started demanding more blood sugar .
we 'll make all the sugar we need from the protein breakdown .
he recognized doubled base pairs strung on a convoluted helix of sugar phosphate as they passed his field of vision .
` ` your blood sugar 's getting low .
like the frogs , it was a glucose , or sugar , that acted as the cryoprotectant .
they were holding the bridge of the largest spacecraft humanity had ever built , trapped in the starless dark by an alien power they barely began to comprehend , but they were still constrained by the petty needs of flesh , and their collective blood sugar was getting pretty low .
gray had heard the reports out of california , about how the synthetic organism released by dr . hess was an organism engineered with xna , replacing the normal sugar molecule in dna with some toxic combination of arsenic and iron phosphate .
` ` all life down there is based on a genetic helix that does n't use the sugar deoxyribose as its backbone .
that sugar backbone is replaced by a combination of arsenic and iron phosphate . ''
the voice of the kid behind me wobbles , like he s suffering from low blood sugar .
it was true , he was always hungry , and once his blood sugar began to drop , grumpier than all hell .
once the food hits a stomach lining , then the clumps of fat , protein , sugar and starches will broke down into minerals , vitamins , and nutrients for a starving body .
low blood sugar .
they ll tell us if there s anything like an infection or sugar problem that might be triggering your episodes , and the eeg will look for the possibility of epilepsy .
her blood sugar is low and her body went into shock .
is all sugar .
i heard they re cutting sugar from your diet .
kyra , how is your blood sugar level today ?
i test to make sure my sugar in my blood is normal .
chapter four ivy a fated encounter her blood sugar is in the normal range .
then it must be something to do with her blood sugar level being too low .
your blood sugar was too high .
informed us this specific sugar spike was triggered by a chemical reaction between fructose syrup and the cherry flavor found only in cherry sodas .
maybe my blood sugar dropped a bit ?
bigger than the apprentice boss sugar , was it ?
and it was always about our town sugar town .
surely this test is as much for the people of sugar town as it is for us !
possibly in sugar town as a whole !
and all we ask in return is that you want what s best for sugar town .
the point is that all the mayors ever wanted is for sugar town to be the proud , friendly little place its meant to be !
nobody riots in sugar town !
its an agent called antiarin.never even see it before , we also found rhamnose which is a sugar compound .
apparently its the sugar that causes it to be absorbed by the bloodstream .
his voice trailed off to a whisper as he finished with , blood sugar levels .
it must take energy and building blocks sugars , protein , amino acids , vitamins and minerals , stuff like that .
she had thought of many possibilities electrodes that stimulated the medulla oblongata , the seat of anger and aggression , or heavy doses of stimulants , or manipulating blood sugar , or psychotropics but nothing that was reliable , or permanent .
in fact , over the past few minutes i d been hit with a cold light - headedness , which indicated either my blood sugar was in the cellar or an allergic reaction to the effervescent bouquet of poop perfume .
protein enzymes burn sugar for fuel , chop up other molecules in the digestive process , or in the case of cams , cover the surfaces of cells .
the role of klochtap is to provide an enzyme that removes a fourth sugar , sialic acid , from an inactive four - sugar form .
the role of klochtap is to provide an enzyme that removes a fourth sugar , sialic acid , from an inactive four - sugar form .
i try to minimize sugar and carbohydrates as much as i can .
i think it was low blood sugar .
she looked around in a dazed state brought on by low blood sugar and disorientation .
your blood sugar must be on the floor .
she nodded , wondering what the champagne might have done to her blood sugar ; but if he wanted her to eat something , so be it .
thorough mastication creates ptyalin which helps to convert starches into sugar to supply energy for the body .
her agents had had no difficulty in lacing the sugar with a fast - acting cns depressant - a crystalline derivative of gamma hydroxybutyrate - that , in levels great enough to produce unconsciousness , would elude forensic detection , because its metabolites were naturally present in mammalian serum .
but that effect would only be temporary , and then his blood sugar would plummet , draining the adrenaline out of him .
` ` if it 's low blood sugar it will take a couple of minutes for you to start feeling better , '' jack said as she finished the bar moments later .
` ` i have an aunt with it and you 're acting like she does when her blood sugar 's low . ''
i think her blood sugar 's low .
your blood sugar is bottoming out . ''
christian had been about to slip into his thoughts when the fellow had said that bit about her blood sugar .
she 'd been bottoming out with low blood sugar .
he could hear it , but it was n't from a drop in blood sugar this time , he was sure of it .
her blood sugar had dropped once more , he realized .
` ` your blood sugar is low again , '' he said grimly , moving a little faster as her scent wafted to his nose .
right , according to jack it was low blood sugar , she recalled slowly .
low blood sugar , she recalled .
carolyn was n't skipping another meal ever until she had this blood sugar thing checked out .
is your blood sugar low again ? ''
carolyn leaped out of the bed , but then just turned in a circle as it occurred to her that she 'd had the low blood sugar thing on the boat , before they 'd ever had sex .
carolyn 's blood sugar is low again .
` ` you seem to be having problems with some of your gas lighting as well , '' said alexia , all mildness and sugar .
doc thought it was probably low blood sugar , but when he ran some tests , he found out she was knocked up . ''
after blaming her weariness on low blood sugar , half the men on the tour had offered to run up to the pavilion to fetch her a cookie .
` ` and there goes my blood sugar level , '' shane said .
blood sugar , you know ... '' ` ` only it 's oozing , sir .
` ` it has an extremely low blood sugar and cholesterol count .
not unusual at all to have your blood sugar drop afterward .
intense magic use depleted blood sugar .
just a little light - headed from the blood sugar drop . ''
i 'd never worked with amounts this big for so long , and my body felt weak and drained as the usual blood sugar drop occurred .
i was starting to shake , and i was going to blame it on low blood sugar .
` ` is your blood sugar low ? ''
i was n't suffering from low blood sugar .
because it 's almost six o'clock , and if we do n't get some food in her soon , her blood sugar is going to get dangerously low . ''
he 'd be light - headed for a while , but the hundred - dollar bill i gave him for his time would buy him a nice warm meal to help raise his blood sugar .
on a stage toward the back , a female vampire gyrated her hips in time with ` ` blood sugar sex magik . ''
his heartbeat was slower , still in the range of normal , but his blood sugar had to be too low for this sort of reaction to happen .
the bottom line is humans before others , so the tests on the sugar have been bumped way down in the lab 's queue .
some birds flew by , a beetle crawled past , the grass converted carbon dioxide into sugar by means of the sun 's energy .
together they ' ve raised my blood sugar to a sufficient working level .
` ` i ' m going through sugar withdrawal . ''
if the only thing she 'd consumed in two days was vodka , then she was probably dehydrated , and her blood sugar was way off .
` ` what are you more afraid of : them , or me with low blood sugar ? ''
` ` i have low blood sugar . ''
` ` uh - low blood sugar . ''
he put sealing wax in the earpieces of my stethoscope ; he mixed dried feces in my tooth powder ; and , in one memorably unfortunate incident , right before i was to take my final exams before the entire governing board of the society , he laced my tea with an extract of dried beans heavy in oligosaccharides , a sugar that most human beings - including me- can not digest , causing excessive bloating and , at least in my case , explosive gas .
` ` i ' m not sure sugar counts as recyclable .
` ` but the karate kid here is suffering from low blood sugar .
my head spins as though my blood sugar 's low , as if i ' m wearing a too - tight dress , and not enough oxygen is reaching my brain .
it was probably from low blood sugar .
` ` could be a blood sugar thing . ''
the boy 's aunt is a diabetic , and she checks her blood sugar with something like it , but the boy suspects this device has a different purpose , although he 's not sure what that purpose is .
and she helped , not by kissing me but by checking my blood sugar .
nan would be in her room by the time i got there , hooked up to the ivs and drips that stabilized her blood sugar , bringing her back to herself .
he tells himself to slow down , that the quaking is less from fear than from low blood sugar from the greenlanders meager diet .
despite feeling her blood sugar starting to drop , prissi sped over the freighters docked at their piers along the edge of the river , flew two blocks further onto the island , and made a tight pinion - rattling turn south onto eleventh avenue .
he explained si lei gets irritable if his blood sugar drops .
every cell in your body uses sugar as a source of energy .
because those cells are sucking up sugar as fast as you can eat it .
the sugar is then transported to the kidneys for removal but the kidneys were nt built for that ; they were built to remove waste , waste from muscles which used blood - sugar to do their job , so the kidneys eventually fail .
the sugar is then transported to the kidneys for removal but the kidneys were nt built for that ; they were built to remove waste , waste from muscles which used blood - sugar to do their job , so the kidneys eventually fail .
and where did you learn of the substance that keeps our blood sugar in check ?
the medical condition diabetes is unused blood sugar can damage your kidneys , one cause for the removal of your kidney .
islets are tiny clusters of cells that make insulin balancing your blood sugar .
you can live without a pancreas meaning you are dependent on insulin shots to manage the hormones that control your blood sugar in the body .
but the pancreas detects fructose , a natural sugar found in fruits and honey so maybe they were too sweet , giggles yorkie .
anyways , we can feed you extra enzymes to detect fructose , a type of sugar found naturally in fruits and honey plus processed foods like cereals and soda so you do nt receive type 2 diabetes .
you re sugar .
low blood sugar , said ellen .
even though i m watching my diet , i ve had some trouble regulating my blood sugar , and i thought i d better check with you about adjusting my insulin dosage .
its not much but maybe it will keep your blood sugar up .
the recipes are all low sugar based on glycemic index values of how quickly sugar from a particular food is absorbed into the bloodstream .
you know how rare sugar is .
' keep up the blood sugar .
i think your blood sugar dropped .
low blood sugar probably was impairing my impressive dress - choosing skills , and even though this was a full - service bridal store , i doubted that they catered .
my body fat was gone , and my blood sugar in the negative numbers .
( that morning , at breakfast , she had tested her blood sugar with the glucometer for the first time , then taken out the prefilled needle and inserted it into her own belly .
maybe it was just low blood sugar or something .
i guess you could say its somewhat similar to what a diabetic would do to test their blood sugar .
he had been given a series of tests , but the doctors could only attribute his memory loss to the fever and the spike in his blood sugar during his illness .
joshuas fever had been dangerously high , along with the spikes in his blood sugar .
we had just arrived , and people darted around us like ants among sugar .
you can hold it sugar , she said to herself .
chapter 4 : mark jones , september 13th to september 14th , year 1 sugar house neighborhoods have gas street lights .
i work in an outpatient clinic in sugar house as a family practice physician for the university of utah hospital system .
low blood sugar , she added for legitimacy .
a combination of the heat and low blood sugar must have been affecting him , because lifting the sword became a struggle , and his hands could nt keep it centered .
its going to take a few weeks for my blood sugar dealie to adjust .
the poor thing probably had low blood sugar .
we were nt constricted by political party bickering over rules , or any time limits for our responses , other than the disqualification of a debater for passing out , not caused by a stroke , heart attack , or collapsing from low blood sugar .
he said his blood sugar was alarmingly low .
i chalked it up to low blood sugar and made sure never to enter his crate unannounced .
maybe i should have your piece , what with your sugar issues and all , emma said , her cake half gone .
its got a custom - built interior , top - of - the - line driverless navigation system , and enough electronics to send a nasa scientist into sugar shock .
unless of course , you re willing to demand something from him in return that is , i said , while once again resorting back to my cereal sugar rush and trying to regain some temporary energy for my tired state that i find myself in .
your body is dangerously low in blood sugar for a person no longer in the database .
your blood sugar must be low ; i think you passed out , my mom told her .
( for one thing they were vegetarians and lately he had been really hungry all the time and low blood sugar .
he felt the combination of low blood sugar and panic brewing within .
anyway , i could nt get any breakfast down , so its low blood sugar and not an aging lacrosse players bulging calves that are making me feel ill . kyles suit pants flicked , one leg rubbing against the other , as he returned from the bench .
they did this to make the wheat have more starch ( which incidentally means way more sugar plus there is this super addictive binge - causing chemical in there too ) and way more gluten ( the protein in wheat that people with celiac disease react to , and it turns out most of the population has an allergic reaction to as well ) .
my best guess is that you forgot to eat again and maybe your blood sugar tanked .
maxs words about low blood sugar and me forgetting to eat .
the chocolate had an almost instant effect as his blood sugar level rose .
dr . hoffmann , even paul volberding , who was one of the earliest and biggest proponents of azt , wrote a report in 1994 saying that the t cells of a placebo group those taking a sugar pill , essentially had increased gradually over a two - year study , while the t cells of those taking azt had decreased .
i skipped breakfast , and i think my blood sugar just dropped .
that is a lot of sugar to process , and aarons brain always seems to turn sluggish on sugar .
when a frog senses ice forming on the body its liver produces extra glucose which is more blood sugar which then floods their cells to protect the body from freezing and from damage .
the enzyme lactose is a sugar .
if i had any more , i probably would have died from sugar overload .
you know , hafidha said , around a mouthful of fried animal protein , we have an excuse for the blood sugar crashies .
besides , sugar is a carbohydrate .
` ` both sugar samples negative and one of the creamers , '' summarized bob .
you know you can become comatose from either too much or too little relative to sugar intake . ''
` ` they 're keeping her overnight to monitor her blood sugar .
he did nt want to be one of those grooms that fainted at the altar because of low blood sugar .
oh , i did nt get anything to eat for lunch and my body does nt do all that well with low blood sugar .
` ` yes , but my blood sugar 's been high all day .
` ` what did the sugar tests show ? ''
she put her hands on his head and concentrating on raising his blood sugar .
that girl is useless with her blood sugar levels .
he could see she was going to want to know all about the deal gone bad so he said , it was probably just low blood sugar .
the combination of her nervousness and low blood sugar clouded her perception of herself , etched at her fragile self - image .
elliot was riding toward them now , flanked by duke and sugar .
cat naps are a sign of low blood sugar and with us , that also means anemia .
as far as i can remember diabetics do nt bite people when their blood sugar is off , he watched her prepare breakfast .
studies are starting to show that stuff might have the same impact on your blood sugar as the real stuff and it does nt taste nearly as good .
give sugar the benefit of the doubt , okay ?
do you want me to kick sugar out ?
she asked sugar now .
kind of rusty , as if sugar had forgotten how to cry .
not when sugar herself was so broken by the memories of the things shed done .
did ruth have any idea that her soon - to - be - ex - husband was helping sugar to track down her long - lost son ?
mom ended a five - minute monologue on the subject of what grocery shopping would need to be done and what rooms she would put everyone in , by rushing out of the room to check the linen closet in case they did nt have enough sets of spare sheets , and tully took advantage of her absence , blocking sugars view of the tv and saying at once , with her voice dropped , sugar , i can understand why you wanted this , and i guess i m glad its happening .
mom and sugar both wanted to feed him .
i was touched to see that my secret employer had also thought about the elderly who were nt able to intake sugar because of a medical condition .
they stood in the background because beth was feeling shy and a bit shaky , which could ' ve been low blood sugar , heidi told her .
he blamed his fainting spells on the fact that he had n't eaten , but macy thought it was more than low blood sugar .
she told herself it was just from low blood sugar , but she knew it was something more .
` ` this is a working ranch , sugar , not a social event .
it 's a combination of blood sugar and rapid blood pressure changes that go along with your veins expanding .
you 're probably in sugar withdrawal . '
it m - must be low blood sugar , '' she said , clearly not wanting him to suspect the thoughts running through her mind .
thought i 'd bring you a treat to raise your blood sugar . ''
after sampling enough wedding cakes to send her blood sugar into orbit , she , candace and amelia had attempted to walk off the calories by touring la condamine , the second - oldest section of monaco , this morning , and then exploring the wonderful shops on the rue grimald in the early afternoon .
ok , you 're talking to a cell phone , maybe it 's time for some breakfast , the low blood sugar is getting to you .
` ` i 'll have you know i have low blood sugar .
my blood sugar should be fine now .
do you have low blood sugar too ? ''
` ` well , let 's see , i found out pagan has low blood sugar and becomes a complete b -- witch if she does n't eat a candy bar during a stressful moment .
` ` she has to watch her blood sugar .
that must have sent my blood sugar out of whack . ''
` ` taking that into consideration with a low blood sugar level , no wonder you fainted . ''
okay , i ' m not usually such a fragile flower , but i had n't had anything to eat since lunch and the time now had to be ten o'clock or even later , so my blood sugar was probably low .
` ` to get my blood sugar up , '' i explained .
` ` her blood sugar was low this morning , '' continued louise ` ` and that really takes her awhile to recover from . ''
` ` probably just low blood sugar from skipping breakfast . ''
a few nights later , simon was doing a nighttime check on timmy 's blood sugar when the boy asked him , ` ` do you think there 's really a santa clause , simon ?