they do n't need all the extra tending in winter our herd does . ''
` ` but i ' m afraid i ca n't reveal my secret to bar tending , '' he said , moving slightly closer .
that 's why you 're the one lying shot and i ' m doing the tending .
he climbed over her , admiring the new curves she 'd acquired with careful tending .
then , not long ago , all her careful tending broke through and the boy blossomed .
the tending was n't sexual - well , okay , maybe it was .
she lay awake now , her bladder deciding to not so gently insist that , if she was awake , there were matters that could use tending , another similarity to her father she 'd go to her grave without knowing .
aside from the whole having - sex - with - his - ex - wife - while - his - girlfriend - was - tending - to - her - mother thing , which , granted , was n't exactly a plus for him , henri was a responsible and considerate man .
we had received word that all girls from the age of sixteen and all boys from fifteen would now be required to work for the germans , pulling sugar beet or tending potatoes , or sent further afield to work in factories .
he shoots me a look but never lets up on his tending of my other knee .
the straw and stick roof sagged on one side , in need of some good tending and upkeep .
but the farther they went from that day and the knowledge he 'd had then , the more the diagram needed tending and cultivation to stay on course .
she was in her marble - walled garden tending roses when i arrived .
in those days , the ironborn did not work mines ; that was labor for the captives brought back from the hostings , and so too the sorry business of farming and tending goats and sheep .
i have nights potion brewing for my client that needs constant tending .
they would alternate diving and tending duties .
the bartender shrugged , i shrugged , and he went back to tending bar .
a garden that showed evidence of careful tending sprouted between a terrace and the beginnings of a grove that ended at the base of one of the rising peaks .
it could have been stolen from here , though in that case your security needs some tending .
braith had hoped that they would be at their destination by now , but the fight with the other vampires , and the tending of her wounds , had put them behind schedule .
i have already started on that course by outfitting my little boat for the setting and tending of lobster and fish traps .
the land needed tending , but not by many hands .
` ` it 's all we can do to get out for planting and tending , idiot .
we sped through our morning rituals , the cleaning and tending .
but he does what he is told , even though he worries over my karma , as well he should , as it generally does need some serious tending .
the routine before bed had grown monotonous : secure enough clean water to clean herself ; open the guitar case , clean and assemble the pieces ( the finished product hidden under the bed ) ; then , her bag needed tending and reorganization , the various foods and supplies inventoried , any weakening lining sewn and reinforced ; lastly , her s & w needed cleaning but this came as a meditative deed , where her thoughts were allowed to drift and conclude and her focus could sway .
the child will be fine as long as she continues to eat , but she s going to need careful tending to .
there were things that still needed tending , duties to her fellow fireclaws and the oathbound that must be fulfilled .
after this the younger boys would head up to the fields behind the village and relieve leif of his goat tending duties , so he could also get something to eat .
tom saw a large group of people milling about outside of the gate tending animals that he decided must be horses .
but they made it to the campground and set up tents and began the process of dinner and fire tending .
he has the natural humanity of a missionary tending to the sick and downtrodden .
like were sheep that need tending , they find the wolves to do it . ''
he can not even begin to fathom how the spell works ; he only knows that it involves use of the red crystals and requires occasional tending to maintain .
he radiated authority , and though he was nt the most handsome man shed seen as of late , his calm control , unique features , careful tending and rugged look all added up to something worthy of notice .
quiet little expectations that required careful tending .
the drone fades and then everything else fades and he awakens to the reality of the snow - covered cemetery , months after , in the middle of the tending gesture he d begun in june above a grave , with the desolate plaint of his dead friends he s neglected again all that time .
we are none of us experienced in the tending of horses , and yet we feel the need to have one on our journey .
' friendships are a fickle and mischievous garden , requiring constant tending , with their own share of weeds . '
fire tending seemed to make him feel manly , so i left him to it .
` ` my wound 's opened up , and clary here has some injuries of her own that could use a bit of tending .
now at last they passed into the high circles of the city , and in the light of morning they went their way towards the houses of healing ; and these were fair houses set apart , for the care of those who were grievously sick , but now they were prepared for the tending of men hurt in battle or dying .
in the conclusion of the story the structure remained the same from the old tale to the narn : the moonlight , the tending of turambar 's burnt hand , the cry of niniel that stirred the dragon to his final malice , the accusation by the dragon that turambar was a stabber of foes unseen , turambar 's naming tamar / brandir ' club - foot ' and sending him to consort with the dragon in death , the sudden withering of the leaves at the place of nienor 's leap as if it were already the end of autumn , the invocation of nienor to the waters and of turambar to his sword , the raising of turin 's mound and the inscription in ' strange signs ' upon it .
since then , by cross - breeding our lines have multiplied , and thanks to careful tending of our cattle herds , we have been able to increase our numbers , but still we can not support nearly so many as you here possess . ''
i have chores that need tending and a wedding to see to , and i ca nt accomplish anything if the help is in the yard .
the most cows he and his father had ever owned was twelve , and they had required little tending .
anything to prolong the inevitable tending .
the town had two little league fields that needed tending , one near the railroad trestle between castle rock and harlow , the other in castle view ; there was a town common which had to be seeded in the spring , mown in the summer , and raked clear of leaves in the fall ( not to mention the trees that needed pruning and sometimes cutting , and the upkeep of the bandstand and the seats around it ) ; there were the town parks , one on castle stream near the old sawmill , the other out by castle falls , where love - children beyond numbering had been conceived since time out of mind .
they ve all gone off all three of them to look for whatshisname , and wo nt be coming back until , until , until until they remember that he s no longer in rome , that his mother has sent him packing somewhere up north to his uncles farm tending cattle ?
on the other hand , if he failed , it could be back to tending camels .
the old lady , running it , was shocked to see the state of her guest but readily undertook the tending and care that seemed natural to her .
filled with a sense of muted clarity ... something to do with the fertile nature of human ignorance ... the seeds of destruction which grow so strong with meticulous tending .
goal tending was called on matthew and the score was 18 - 1 , but that would be greendales only point of the quarter .
i thought it was possible i might miss the pain , the constant tending to the wounds .
in denver , if you planted flowers , in the arid climate you needed to tend them and this tending mostly had to do with adding copious amounts of water but it also did n't hurt to pull weeds .
` ` the vagina is a mysterious garden that requires a lot of tending .
but payroll needed tending and she had a supply list she had to complete and fax .
she remembered staring sightlessly from a small window to a garden that badly needed tending .
sharon said nothing more and went back to tending bar .
one that needed tending and special care .
given timeand proper tending , paenwas surehe would have himself the perfect wife .
ilysa chastised herself for daydreaming while ian needed tending and pushed up his bloody sleeve .
you 're going to need some serious tending . ''
no framed photographs , no comfy throws crocheted by grandma conaway , no athletic trophies or educational citations , no tumbling plants - nothing that needed nurturing or tending or noticing .