clad in a light tan coat , his long legs encased in coffee brown trousers and shiny brown top boots , stephen westmoreland was the stuff that dreams were made of ... tall , broad - shouldered , and breathtakingly handsome .
i opened my eyes and turned to see the coffee brown eyes and receding hairline of my stepfather , marco .
i had chosen an ivory colored knit dress with a cowl neck and some coffee colored suede boots that came up to my knees .
behind the glasses his were the same dark coffee brown .
shrinking into myself , i glanced at the other costumes ; pale grey , coffee , burgundy , black - no blue .
i went the way of colorado ( it was apropos ) and wore jeans , coffee brown , high - heeled boots and a grass green turtleneck sweater with huge cable knitting down the front .
jasmine was a dark brown filly with a coffee brown mane and tail , long of leg and sound of heart .
` ` the lady there in that delicious shade of dark coffee brown and pink . ''
jessica 's chest heaved with the force of her breaths , her coffee colored hair straggled around her flushed face as she tilted her head to look at the hallway that was now directly above us .
her coffee brown hair was now black , and a tangled rats nest .
the tear tracks and blood looked vile against her light coffee skin .
the detective was a woman , barely five feet tall , with coffee cream skin .
perfect coffee skin .
a few weeks ago the modellike young thing with her sculpted cheekbones , perfect afro , and silky coffee skin would have caused a sharp streak of possessiveness to bolt through me .
over the top of the crowd moving both ways on the uneven sidewalk , i saw ren 's coffee colored waves , and then he appeared to vanish .
the sun peeked from behind terra two , festooning its edge with a very thin and sharply intense sliver of light that broadened quickly , casting coffee colored shadows on the chocolate rose surface , shimmering on the plane of the water and making it shine like old gold .
the suns were setting and a myriad of shiny metal studs showed up in the coffee caramel sky .
solomon strolled the glazed hallways every morning , quiet as a shadow but with the confidence of an old hand ; the tip of his tail curled slightly at the end like a question mark and his impeccably groomed coffee colored fur seemed to be inspired by terra two 's sunsets .
centuries later her dream became part of the symbol of terra two , the iconic image ever present in educational materials , planetary governmental issues and almost every other official insignia , a shiny titanium ring surrounding their beautiful coffee colored planet - the orbital particle accelerator that spun slowly around the equator half way between the planet 's atmosphere and its two natural satellites , gracefully responding to the varying pulls of the two suns , the moon and the planet itself with its strange undulating dance .
her torso flaunts the tight bodice of electric blue trimmed down center with baby bows with the neck collar and arm sleeves to her wrists are made of sheer light net fabric showing off her coffee skin tone and small biceps for a sixteen - year old fit body .
see , the rest of una is neon electric blue painted over her lovely coffee skin formulating the bite - nats ball gown .
lounge with you , purring into a right cheekbone with a sweet smile , desiring to kiss that coffee skin as rann giggles like a girl .
his creamed coffee colored hair had major bed head on the left side .
the light from the trees seeped through the cracks and lit his chesnutt hair showing coffee - colored highlights .
black hair , dark coffee eyes , and tall .
at school , she usually dressed very conservatively , but her work uniform with its bright royal blue shirt , coffee brown jeans and matching apron and visor was colorful and flattering .
kyras yellow playsuit looked bright against her coffee skin .
the men on the beach were all african , none of which seemed to have the slightest dollop of european to sully their coffee black skin .
he raged in his mind as the music in his ears bellowed , the light cascading through the window grew brighter , and the purple shadows revealed themselves as a coffee brown chest , a mahogany set of dresser drawers , and a wicker basket half - filled with dirty clothes .
rising to my feet , i stared down at a coffee brown ankle , barely showing through the dirt .
then i realized the sheets were scorched too - coffee - colored drops from where my blood had fallen .
marcy lay curled on her side , her coffee hair gleaming in the moonlight .
i had my fathers deep blue eyes and my skin was a light coffee colour from my mother .
his flowing , coffee - brown robes did nt dissolve into bark and knobs ; his white hair and beard were nt fading sunlight glistening on old wood .
laura stroked angelinas soft , long coffee curls .
which caused pancho 's bushy black unplucked eyebrows to arch over his deep set coffee brown eyes .
cream - in - coffee brown , a white scar across one palm .
her tanned skin had been scrubbed to almost coffee white , making her green eyes even brighter , and her body had totally changed .
his breath caught as catalina amador walked out into the harsh luminescent lighting of the hallway , highlighting her midnight hair and coffee skin .
his short , thick , black hair perfectly balanced between messy and well kept , dark brows above his beautiful coffee brown eyes , and his perfectly symmetrical nose that led to his sensual lips turned up into a dazzling smile .
she slipped into a coffee brown linsey - woolsey dress and tied a washed - out apron over it .
curly , coffee brown hair darkened his suntanned flesh .
but no matter which way she turned , she saw the flat , well - muscled flesh of his stomach , and the soft , coffee brown hair that furred his chest .
a round , flat nipple studded with coffee brown hair filled her vision .
he was the epitome of tall , dark and handsome , with jet - black hair and coffee eyes , and a body that looked as if it would make military basic training seem no more rigorous than a stroll in the park .