the early fall weather had the chrysanthemums blooming , but also the last of the summer roses and she even spied several autumn camellias with their pink and white flowers peeping out of the dark leaves .
she sat at the table and stared at the bushes , noting that the chrysanthemums were about to bloom .
the spicy scent of chrysanthemums planted along the back fence filled the air , and jesse took a deep breath , drawing it deep , knowing that he would always associate that scent with this night .
ivy climbed along the porch railings and chrysanthemums bloomed dark yellow and purple in the front flower bed .
` ` i ' ve got some chrysanthemums to stake .
she left clarissa in the open carriage and wandered along the path between the neatly tended beds of chrysanthemums .
there were fresh flowers everywhere , even outside at this early fall day with chrysanthemums blooming in a rainbow of colors .
the beds themselves are wild with flowers - far more than i could ever identify - but i recognize asters and the chrysanthemums among the early - autumn blooms .
a gentle breeze stirred the chrysanthemums that lined his porch .
dad steered me toward the front door , decorated with a turkey , a straw wreath and dried chrysanthemums .
large pots filled with chrysanthemums , orchids , daisies and lilies loomed in the shadows .
chrysanthemums and dragons , a lotus flower on its bottom .
a chrysanthemum decorated the bottom of the outside .
three gray - green dragons chased one another across the outside , and four chrysanthemums seemed to float across the bottom .
` ` chrysanthemums . ''
i peered at the chrysanthemum decorated in the school colors .
this sucker was a huge chrysanthemum with all the bells and whistles - ribbons , golden plastic footballs , pipe cleaners shaped into the school letters .
as the purple chrysanthemum lit up the sky , i saw he was dressed in black from head to toe , complete with a black face mask , like a ninja .
i pulled a small , elegant wooden box out of a nest of straw inside a packing case and opened it triumphantly to display a chinese porcelain tea set , gilt - edged and decorated with tiny red and blue turtles , all looking inscrutably asiatic , swimming through a forest of gold chrysanthemums .
the shabbiness and sparsity of the hunters ' personal possessions argued poverty - yet these contrasted with the small signs of prosperity evident in the furnishings : the candlestick was silver , not plate or pewter , and the ewer and basin were not earthenware but good china , painted with sprawling blue chrysanthemums .
he glanced quickly over the desk , the deep windowsill with the small pot of yellow chrysanthemums that bree had put there , the shelves- he stopped dead , heart thumping in his chest .
* when she can see again , she finds herself in a most extraordinary garden filled with chrysanthemums the size of small buildings , rose shrubs tall as skyscrapers , emperor lilies hanging like perfumed vulva from their many thorned branches .
a blood colored chrysanthemum of red wine splashed across the wall .
deirdre was written in silver letters on the white ribbon that hung from the nearby wreath of chrysanthemums .
a horse - drawn carriage waited at the curb , covered in her favorite chrysanthemums , each petal a deep burgundy trimmed in gold .
she lowered her hands , her face radiant , blushing as darkly as the petals of the chrysanthemums .
he pulled far enough away that he could slide his hand around and place it over a chrysanthemum painted onto the silk of her kimono .
the glass floor showed a peaceful stream bubbling underneath , amid lush grasses and heavy - headed chrysanthemums .
maia tosses her beautiful black hair , which cascades down her back almost to her waist and is adorned with one of the chrysanthemums she s taken to wearing .
maia comes toward us , long black hair swinging behind her with a yellow chrysanthemum tucked behind her right ear .
maia adjusts the yellow chrysanthemum in her hair .
the only person present , a girl with a chrysanthemum in her long black hair , is more interested in her magazine .
there s a sickly sweet smell that could be from the dying chrysanthemums on her black lacquer dresser .
chapter twelve red , purple and yellow chrysanthemums float on top of the salty ocean water as dawn breaks , the current gradually taking the petals out to sea .
you know why maia started wearing chrysanthemums in her hair ?
he stood in front of me , dark hair combed , green eyes blazing , holding a bouquet of pink chrysanthemums .
talbott waited at the foot of the stairs , more pink chrysanthemums in hand ; well , they used to be my favorite flowers .
colorful baskets of yellow and orange chrysanthemums and marigolds hung over the porch railings and filled decorative pots .
there were flowers on the grave a few purple asters and some bronze - coloured chrysanthemums .
it was a water - tight gold case embossed with what appeared to be a sixteen - leaf chrysanthemum or kiku .
actually it was shaped like a chrysanthemum , with the raised image of a mirror on one side and a beaded necklace on the other .
the purple dome asters from the garden were the only blooms besides the chrysanthemums left now that cooler weather was coming .
a beautiful brass candelabrum was in the center of the glowing walnut table , and betty had cut some chrysanthemums from the garden before sunset and put them in vases surrounding the centerpiece .
there were beehives , brocades , bottle rockets , chrysanthemums , cones , crossettes , dragon eggs , dahlias , diadems , girandolas , peonies , strobes , wheels , and willows .
as they walked , leonards vision was drawn toward a cluster of bright pink chrysanthemums along the waterline of the central lake .
it was surrounded by a small garden where they encountered another patch of pink chrysanthemums .
on the floor of the wardrobe someone had scattered dried chrysanthemums and marigolds to thwart the wool - eating moths .
he was startled by the array of colours that greeted him ; roses , gerberas , hydrangea and chrysanthemums of pinks , yellows and greens were all neatly wrapped with ribbons and raffia .
but , to the boorish , brutalized tastes of a gaijin , a foreigner , this made more sense than having a tanka of thirty - one syllables , which in any case he could n't understand , equate , in exquisite ideograms , his charms with budding chrysanthemums on the slopes of mount fuji .
and beside him , completing the picture of a homely couple at ease after dinner , sat irma bunt , in the full regalia of a high - class japanese lady , the petit point of a single chrysanthemum lying in her lap waiting for those pudgy hands to take it up when the cause of this unseemly disturbance had been ascertained .
` ` chrysanthemums , '' scimeca said .
there were orchids and roses and lilies and chrysanthemums and rare blooms she could not even begin to identify .
she was plump and had hair the color of a rusty chrysanthemum .
as it usually did in the mornings , the church bore the burnt aroma of incense and candle wax from the seven o'clock mass , a stronger scent of pine solvent and oil soap in the pews , and the sad smell of wilting chrysanthemums .
i sat in the front pew in the still half - dark , smelled the remains of incense and the bloom of chrysanthemums , met the gem - shaped gaze of several stained - glass saints , and watched the lights of small votive candles flicker off the mahogany altar rail , wondered why an eight - year - old child had been allowed to live on this earth just long enough to experience everything horrific in it .
such roses and chrysanthemums , how enormous they were .
she was holding her bouquet of yellow and white chrysanthemums .
periodically , mrs . garrett would make an effort to plant something seasonal , chrysanthemums in september , impatiens in june , only to leave it to gasp and wither away as she tended to something more important , like her five children .
the pots of fall chrysanthemums lining the edging of the patio perfectly placed one foot apart .
the twenty - foot hedged bushes encircled the space , with wild , vibrant roses and delicate pastel hydrangea and chrysanthemums alternating in the thick greenery , providing welcoming splashes of color .
people passed all around us , probably guessing i was admiring the autumnal colors in the chrysanthemums before me .
on top of the mound , she could just make out a bunch of wilting chrysanthemums .
the place was full of flowers , and julie was drawn to the scent of chrysanthemums in green vase .
i do nt remember him , i may have mistaken him for a chrysanthemum .
the philistines carted the ark to the city of bethsames where they died and then ended up in the city of cariathiarumor chrysanthemum or the home of the chrysanthemum .
i like chrysanthemums .
she rummaged through an array of flower pots bearing dead geraniums and the bleached remnants of chrysanthemums .
that happens maybe years later , for seasons have gone by , he thinks , marked by the changing bouquets of the flower shop as he hops and hops , shuttles and shuttles , square 2 , april daffodils , hop hop , square 1 , the door , square 3 , may tulips , hop hop the door , the horse head round and round , square 1 , hop hop , june roses , high summer , no rs in the months , no more oysters in the fish store , hop hop , square 2 , all saints day chrysanthemums , hop hop , door , holly - wreaths now , the door , always the same , the door he can never open , hop hop hop hop , no hope , hope , hope .
nothing but persistent all saints day chrysanthemums and ornate funeral wreaths that hide louise from him .
even so , its a tremendous effort lifting a single chrysanthemum and carting it all the way to a distant section .
there were roses and chrysanthemums , snapdragons and sunflowers , but planted side by side with them were poppies , like those he had seen growing in plantations in vietnam and thailand , and datura , which he recognized from his boyhood days in the southwest , and , in cool , deep - shaded bowers , mushrooms of a dozen colors and shapes , none of which looked suitable for sauteing and eating with steak .
but struggling among them like a tiny prosaic potato in a spray of psychedelic chrysanthemums was an inner voice screaming that she did n't even know how to dance .
19 , the flying chrysanthemum double drop kick .
now , every time he finished a page , he ripped it out and , while reading the next page , carefully folded the paper into the shape of a chrysanthemum .
then it rose to the ceiling where it spread out widely and vanished with a pop , leaving a perfect chrysanthemum of scorched plaster .
been introduced to the archchancellor , who had never set eyes on him before , and had produced a map of the university which would probably be accurate for the next few days and looked rather like a chrysanthemum in the act of exploding .
its pod had sprung open and there appeared to be , bunched up like a chrysanthemum , a fresh white hankie .
ahead of them it blossomed like a chrysanthemum and made a noise like ` ` whoomph '' .
the flame hit the far wall , where it left a perfect chrysanthemum of scorched woodwork , while in accordance with a fundamental rule of physics nobby 's chair screamed back on its castors and thudded into the door .
big floral display at the polished mahogany doors at the end of the room , chrysanthemums and lilies and roses .
a bronze chrysanthemum oar lay on krystal 's , and a white chrysanthemum teddy bear on robbie 's .
cukor led them through a spanish - tiled foyer , a long living room papered with yellow chrysanthemums , an oval room lined with dense bookshelves , and an airy conservatory with glass walls .
` ` the only rumpus in this house is a personal crusade to maneuver our pitiful chrysanthemums into the light . ''
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
echoing the colors of plate and mat , a sky - blue vase held a single golden chrysanthemum .
down below to the left was the main entrance , the winding graveled drive , skirted by flowerbeds , now muted chrysanthemums .
` ` chrysanthemums , cimicifuga , asters , marigolds ... that bitch came over in the night and tore them all out of the ground !
it was in the parlor that her brother 's coffin had stood on a trestle bedecked with roses , chrysanthemums , and lilies of the valley , their dry perfume filling the room while in the corner the poker - faced clock kept its place , ticking and tocking off segments of time in a dry age .
four large planters of palms and regularly replaced flowering chrysanthemums marked the corners of the open space and were the only impediments to your view or your progress across the terrazzo - floored expanse .
the last two words were whispered , soft echoes off a fractured door mirror , glass falling like sharp petals from a chrysanthemum dipped in liquid nitrogen .
catalog prints of countless flowers were pinned to the walls roses and tulips and lilies and chrysanthemums .
it was a black dress with bright red ribbon designs accented with red and white stylized chrysanthemums .
alma smiled in agreement , hair flowing over slender shoulders , a blonde chrysanthemum in her ear .
kane lifted the flower and brushed alma 's hair behind her ear , picking her chrysanthemum to replace it with his fresh blue wildflower .
his own house was surrounded by lush grass and patches of seasonal owers which his wife tended as lovingly as she did her plates and linencrocus and daffodil in spring , roses throughout summer , chrysanthemum and marigold at this time of year .
against the stars of the universe and the deaf masters music , yellow chrysanthemum constellations collided with spiral galaxies of blue .
memoir investigation in he lan gemma chew my grandparents were married in 1947 , just as the chrysanthemums had started to blossom all over shanghai .
he gestured towards a chair on which sat a bowl of chrysanthemums and daffodils .
moffat overheard a comment from an unfamiliar woman that rees and the employees were responsible for the stunning arrangement of white chrysanthemums at the front of the room .
with the president of the garden club at her side she beamed at the camera , holding a blue ribbon for her chrysanthemums , which were spread in profusion in front of them both .
shed hate to tell her mom her prized chrysanthemums had died due to neglect .
turning to the basket beside her , she picked up one of the chrysanthemums and carefully measured the length of its stem in relation to the diameter of the container , aiming for a particular ratio .
she took her time artfully positioning each chrysanthemum in the kenzan .
sam sat at the table piping huge roses , chrysanthemums , hydrangeas and lilies onto the red - velvet cupcake tops .
after finding a still life of chrysanthemums , he carried it into the kitchen and placed it next to the van gogh .
no brush that would provide cover if she were to dive , just two glazed , stoneware potsone on each side of the doorboth home to fat , wine - colored chrysanthemums .
by the time teddy arrived carrying a large bunch of chrysanthemums and a bottle of champagne , barbara had picked up her car from the garage and collected her children from marys house .
she wandered down the high street watching sleepy shop - keepers unlocking their doors and winding up their shutters , a young woman sluiced down the pavement in front of the butchers with a bucket of hot , soapy water , on the other side of the road the florists assistant brought out pots of rufous chrysanthemums and pale mauve michaelmas daisies and arranged them in rows outside the shops entrance , the smell of fresh coffee drifted across from the caribbean coffee shop , a touch of exotica in this traditional country town .
she carried a green , metal vase with a pronged base , a bottle of water and a bunch of chrysanthemums , a flower she hoped would resist the elements at this time of year better than most .
barbara sat down on the bench and watched as margery pushed the metal vase into the hard earth , filled it with water and carefully inserted the deep russet chrysanthemums one by one .
i noticed perennial pink asters and stunning clumps of purple dome asters , but my favorites were the yellow , purple , bronze , and white chrysanthemums , flowers of harvest , flowers of fall .
the beds themselves are wild with flowersfar more than i could ever identifybut i recognize asters and the chrysanthemums among the early - autumn blooms .
that was mom 's contribution : impatiens in the spring and summer , chrysanthemums in the fall and shiny green mistletoe at christmas .
she set a small pot of bronze chrysanthemums in the middle of the table and kissed grace on the cheek .
even in october they were a riot of blooms - late - flowering red roses and chrysanthemums in bronze - orange , yellow , and dark gold bordered neat paths that wandered through the trees .
saucer - sized gold chrysanthemums waved in the slight breeze .
he raised his head then , but would not look at grey ; his eyes fixed on the bowl of chrysanthemums , gone the color of dried blood in the shadows of the night - darkening room .
the picture reminded him of other things , though - the last time he had seen von namtzen and the bitter smell of the chrysanthemums , the still more bitter smell of percy 's sweat and the night - soil bucket - he turned his head violently , away from everything .
she would n't be here to see the chrysanthemums bloom this year , and though she had n't seen them flower for many , many years , now it saddened her .
they placed a wicker basket full of blooming chrysanthemums on the grass , then drove home .
i saw his eyes light for a moment on a three - legged table near the wall , holding a tall vase of chrysanthemums .
his hair had dried in bronze streaks and whorled over my br**sts like the petals of a chinese chrysanthemum .
in fall there were the chrysanthemums , and in winter the pink and white camellia bushes .
they 'll see ivan in the middle of downtown and they 'll turn away and startsaying things like , can you believe how beautiful those chrysanthemums are by the courthouse ? ''
there were flowers not only on every surface but on the floor as well : roses in a wide array of colors , chrysanthemums , lilies , and carnations , all beautifully arranged in bouquets of varying sizes .
in the bluish - tinted light of a corner street lamp , he developed a quick visual impression of wrought - iron railings on tidy front stoops , window boxes full of bright chrysanthemums , beveled glass in bay windows , and lace curtains .
on the contrary , the tree - lined , cobbled sidewalks and the potted chrysanthemums on stoops and in window boxes - not to mention the jaguars and mercedes parked along the curbs - attested to how much pride the residents took in their homes .