nobody there had ever spoken to me except in french as directed by the teacher , asking me to bring them a citron presse .
suella wore one of her teal and citron business outfits , giving it warmth by adding jewelry and softening her hair .
when he looked up again his eyes were golden citron against the blue of his shirt .
an raf hercules had delivered it , together with a very dilapidated citron 2cv van also with a suped - up engine that they and the other members of their small team also used form time to time , just for a change .
he thumbed towards the old citron van outside .
only an old citron 2cv , which clattered along the quayside .
major bill clayton and his wife catherine watched in disbelief as britains most senior civil servant squeezed himself into the battered and ancient citron 2cv van .
not far behind it was a dusty , mustard - yellow citron 2cv .
the bearded youth behind the wheel of the citron gave us a brief nod and pulled his shades down .
but the women 's world under the pastel dome smelled of parched sagey weeds and corn dust , with maybe a hint of melon , split citron , and dwindling tree sap .
we drove towards paris in my citron .
typical french car , this citron ; strange looking , but when all is said , it is well made .
it was made of canvass and there was a trailer available for it , which we bought , to tow behind an old citron i had also bought .
it was an hour after dawn and nevers was still deserted as i started the citron and drove north .
* * * when she reemerged i straightened out the hanger and slid it between the glass and the rubber strip on the drivers door of a battered old citron i finally found in the next street .
the little citron was very easy to manoeuvre in and out of the heavy early evening traffic .
he was in a citron and he had picked up two english hikers as protective colouring .
with a harsh growl and stutter from the exhaust a beetle - browed citron shot out of the shadows into the light of the moon , its front wheel drive dry - skidding through the loose pebbles of the forecourt .
there was a scream of tortured rubber as the tyres caught the boulevard in a harsh left - handed turn , the deafening echo of a citron 's exhaust in second gear , a crash into top , then a swiftly diminishing crackle as the car hared off between the shops on the main street towards the coast road .
he knew the citron must have come this way .
he would try and catch the citron and shoot it out with them and if she got shot in the process , that was too bad too .
loaded as she was the citron could hardly better eighty even on this road .
* ahead in the citron there were three men and the girl .
le chiffre made a racing change and threw the citron left - handed down the narrow side - road , at the same time dowsing his lights .
he was aching all over as if he had been thrashed with a wooden club , but when he was yanked to his feet and pushed towards the narrow side - road where the engine of the citron was already running softly , he found that no bones were broken .
ten minutes later the citron lurched to the left , ran on a hundred yards up a small side - road partly overgrown with grass and then between a pair of dilapidated stucco pillars into an unkempt forecourt surrounded by a high wall .
he was a gourmet cook , and he liked preparing esoteric dishes such as moroccan bistilla and guo bu li , the dumplings of northern china , and tahine de poulet au citron for tracy and himself .
it was a citron sedan , the rear seats far too shallow , so he chose to sit in the front next to the marine driver .
` ` sieg _ up your ass , '' said drew quietly , leveling his left hand in the rushing shadows beneath the weapon , his left foot inching across the citron 's floorboard .
beyond the dim street lamps ' the only brightness came from the damaged citron 's headlights .
saddle of lamb a citron , a dishcreated by the gods for themselves and stolen by theirrepressible thief who rules my kitchen . ''
` ` andnow , my friends , the lamb d citron medallions ofambrosia and , hyperbole aside , actually rather good.also , in honor of our guest we have a bonus thisevening .
a glistening monument to modern architecture with curved walls and a glassy facade , it rose like a giant layered luden 's cough drop , directly across the street from the parc andreacute ; citron .
seconds later , a large citron with darkened windows slowed as it neared the corner .
` ` citron , recent .
` ` you never saw who was with him in the citron ? ''
` ` did the citron bring him back ? ''
smith relayed what he had learned from both men , including the black citron that periodically was seen picking up chambord .
he finished with a tarte au citron and lingered over his demitasse coffee .
my sweet citron , i did not see the pattern .
i ordered three dozen sugared violets and two bags of candied citron , and they are absolutely vital to the success of this evening . ''
it shimmers with neat rows of square - shaped tarte citrons , spongy cakes swelling with molten chocolate , caramel eclairs like ballet slippers , and red fruity cakes with wild strawberries dusted in powdery sugar .
` ` citron presse , '' she called over to him , holding up her drink .
so i stumble through the menu , settling on citron , which i ' m pretty sure means lemon , or orange , or citrus of some kind .
i decide on a citron crepe and a citron presse drink , hoping it 's some kind of lemonade .
i decide on a citron crepe and a citron presse drink , hoping it 's some kind of lemonade .
i take a gulp of my citron presse - and choke on it .
i brave the metro and get off in the marais quarter and go to one of the cafes along the beautiful place des vosges , where i order a salad and a citron presse , adding plenty of sugar this time .
the two men were sitting in a roof garden , at a table in the shade of a citron tree .
there are the same inelegant cars he d dodged when suicidally jay - trotting their avenues in 1951 : stolid peugeot 203s , bug - like renault quatre chevaux , a panhard dyna , gangsterish low - slung black citron tractions , plenty of gray dinky - toy deux chevaux , like garbage - cans on wheels , banged - up pre - war renault juvas and rosalies .
a crowd has gathered about a black citron traction with a smashed windshield .
everything known by heart , like the shape of the puddle of blood the dead girl is lying in and even the license - plate of the citron traction that killed her ( hl48275 ) or the crowds scanned down to the last face and never the right face , so why go on scanning ?
mid - century renaults and citrons rattle past .
the room stank already of wine fumes and sweat , and a thin hint of perfume from caile , that the romans might or might not have noticed ; pine and citron , sharp and insinuating .
have you ever taken a citron out for a spin ?
the clientele attracted to the modern hotel le tourneau arrived from the airport at genve in rented citrons , mercedes benzes and bmws .
i once saw an old couple clogging up the middle lane in a citron that reminded me of a dung beetle .
the big , fast moving old citron saloon , coming from his left , had no chance of avoiding the running figure .
it had been so vague : a dark car , perhaps blue or dark grey , sloping at the back , possibly a citron ds .
i stuck out my thumb and a young dude , sporting a long blonde ponytail , driving a rusty 55 citron with a surfboard tied on top , stopped and gave me a ride .
now there was a hue , that dangerous citron i could feel on my back .
when a good - looking blond - haired man who had just alighted from a beat up citron 2cv stared at her from across the far side of the parked cars she smiled and repeated the phrase in french and then mandarin , while continuing her dance .