the smells of coconut and the tropics assailed my senses , making my mouth water , as my eyes took in liv 's nearly naked form in front of me .
we have only fish and coconuts here .
` ` i like fish and coconuts , '' i said and he laughed .
i opened up the fridge and pantry , finding eggs and a coconut while the coffee brewed .
i picked up the unopened coconut .
he came around the center island , holding out his hand for the coconut .
with practiced ease , he ` ` uncorked '' the coconut and poured the milk into a glass , setting the rest of the coconut on the counter for later .
with practiced ease , he ` ` uncorked '' the coconut and poured the milk into a glass , setting the rest of the coconut on the counter for later .
celine wants me to climb up and get some coconuts for a cake she 's gon na bake . ''
` ` same thing as yesterday , '' he muttered and hair the color of sunshine filled his vision , along with the smell of coconut tantalizing his senses .
i had her add some extra coconut to the frosting . ''
only downside would be that if there was a bad breakup , i 'd no longer be able get my coconut bath and body stuff . ''
he sifted his fingers through them , breathing in the coconut scent that always accompanied her .
kissing the side of her neck , he breathed in her coconut scent .
her coconut scent reached him before she did .
breathing in her coconut scent did n't help things .
' you have a choice of mango , pineapple and hibiscus juices , coconut milk ... ' ' hibiscus juice ? '
when the tiger prawns marinated in green chilies and mustard paste and cooked inside a green coconut until tender and bursting with flavors causes my eyes to water a glass of hot water is given to me .
he puts his elbows on the table , next to his green coconut drink , and smiles an angelic smile .
' what you have just eaten is a coconut hotcake .
` ` he added some coconut water to the batter .
jackson walked back out with two plates , each with a large slice of white cake with about ten thin layers , frosted generously with white frosting and coconut shreds .
after we ordered , a pretty waitress wearing a traditional red kimono delivered us drinks served in coconuts with cute little purple umbrellas .
and discovered that she had chosen the damn coconut slice , one of her very least favorite flavors ever .
she only paused for a second before depositing the vile waxy coconut hunk into evan 's hand .
tuesday licked her lips , still tasting the coconut , still feeling like an ass .
` ` stay away from coconut . ''
it 's going to be coconut cream pie with coconut shavings on top .
it 's going to be coconut cream pie with coconut shavings on top .
balling the torture chamber of spandex up , she threw it into the corner , where it landed in coconut 's lap .
the steam rose between them and the gel smelled like coconuts .
he nuzzled her neck , enjoying the coconut scent of suntan lotion and isabelle .
my favorite cake was german chocolate with coconut frosting .
` ` i 'll ask her and see if she 'll make some coconut cake for you . ''
the thunking it made was so hollow - sounding i was tempted to laugh at the idea that my head was as empty as a coconut .
unlike my head , this orcs 's noggin was n't hollow like a coconut .
but that is quickly quelled when his hands begin to stroke me , long , slow movements that heat my skin and fill the air with the scent of coconut and vanilla .
and now , '' he adds as he slides his oil - slick hand between my legs , ` ` i bet you taste like coconut . ''
` ` you need to get some coconut oil , to prevent stretch marks , '' he said , reading from his phone .
she 'd taken to using coconut oil as her belly started growing .
she smelled like coconuts , vanilla , and bianca .
once inside the hotel , they found michelle and jack waiting in the open - air lobby , looking windswept and relaxed as overhead fans turned lazily , stirring up the faint scent of coconut through the tropical air .
canned coconut milk .
she dished up two plates of basmati rice and poured coconut chicken curry over the top .
except for occasional stops to drink from a coconut or eat fruit , she trudged silently through vegetation so thick that getting through felt like wrestling a gorilla .
realizing that saroya probably would n't want a suntan , ellie had gone st . tropez , spending the day out here , slathered in coconut oil .
coconut oil - an exotic , and therefore erotic , scent to him .
somehow , in the darkness of the room that smelled like coconut and vanilla , his fingers found the tears on my cheeks , brushing them away .
the smell of coconut met my nose , which was odd .
the smell of coconut lingered in there as well .
the scent of coconut oil mixed with cinnamon , and he dropped his eyes .
soft , warm lips pressed into his tearstained cheek , and the jasmine and honeysuckle of her scent overshadowed what remained of the coconut .
chocolate and coconut and champagne , and utterly mouthwatering . ''
the scent of coconut and orchids drifted on a gentle breeze .
the gentle breeze was filled with the mockingly serene aroma of coconuts and salt water .
the aroma of coconuts and pineapples scented the air , almost drugging .
licking her lips - and tasting coconut , hmm - she sat up , propping her weight on one elbow and reaching for aeron with the other .
ambrosia layered both , a waft of coconut that lured and seduced , and he could n't yet afford to get high .
` ` does it taste like coconut , this liquid ? ''
he scented the wildflowers and the coconut , now mixed with something rare , a bloom found only at night .
they were parted , warm , the sweetness of her breath sawing in and out , scented with the spice of coconut .
cool coconut flowed down her throat , sprouted wings and flew through her entire body .
and as the woman lifted her onto the table , she 'd caught the sweet coconut scent of ambrosia .
she smells like coconut oil and she feels strong , exactly like she was during initiation into dauntless , when she hung over the chasm by her fingertips .
well , at least they were n't going to make us drink out of coconut shells .
with the last of my strength , i went to the edge of the beach and picked up a coconut .
and i tipped the coconut back to get even more of the juice .
i drank all of the coconut 's juice - and it was a full one - and then cracked it open to eat the meat .
i ate as kip picked a coconut for himself and then proceeded to nearly chop his hand off trying to open it .
instead , i ate another piece of coconut .
on the table in front of us sat a basket of slates , and nearby , pieces of chalk were left in a coconut bowl .
right now he was lounging , eating a coconut that i 'd put at camp for myself .
` ` coconut juice ? ''
big wooden palm fronds were painted bright green , and the ' trunk ' of the tree was easily twice as big around as a normal coconut tree .
nestled in the branches of the fake tree were dozens and dozens of coconuts .
` ` your object in this challenge is to match coconuts .
each individual will have a chance to do one of two things - either throw a coconut to knock others down from the tree , or to pick up two coconuts on the ground .
it was the best thing i 'd ever tasted , after five days of coconuts .
the sugar i 'd devoured made me nauseated quickly , and i switched to sipping orange juice as i watched players alternately knock coconuts down or try to match them .
she got to go last and had no partner , so she just swiped coconuts as others knocked them down .
` ` much better now that we have drinking water instead of just coconuts . ''
we ' ve been eating those to supplement our coconuts . ''
yesterday 's judgment challenge had been a grueling slog of racing through a sandy obstacle course to retrieve buried labeled coconuts .
his mouth was so close to mine that i could smell a hint of coconut on his breath , could see the stubble along his strong jaw , and- something crashed through the underbrush nearby .
our island was running low on taro and i was getting tired of coconut .
one just has a coconut and some water .
kip now had the smallest basket , and i 'd have bet money that it contained a coconut and water .
` ` here 's hoping we got something better than coconut and water , '' jendan told me as he undid the latch on the lid .
i gathered a coconut or two and split them open , then offered him one to eat .
next to the bowl was a coconut half , and in the coconut was something that looked like dirty dishwater .
next to the bowl was a coconut half , and in the coconut was something that looked like dirty dishwater .
i wanted nothing more than a shower , something to eat besides coconut ... and a chance to talk to jendan .
but , warm and clean after six long weeks , my stomach full of something besides coconut , i could n't help it .
` ` this one is memory , '' she said , and she made sawyer a cone of chocolate and coconut .
almost as fun as when i have him lie down nude while i butter him with coconut oil .
and my huevos are magical coconuts . ''
an angry coconut ?
i could taste her breath , and i kept catching hints of that f**king delicious coconut body wash i 'd used last night .
gasping , i searched for air , smelled the delicious coconut and the good and the girl .
i buried my nose in her hair , in the coconut and the sweet and the good and the girl who had for a few moments injected something more than pain into my shattered world .
in the hazy morning light , i breathed in the coconut and the good and the girl .
my room greeted me with the crisp scent of fresh linen under a diluted waft of coconut soap and strawberry shampoo .
make sure you have coconuts when we get there , okay ?
` ` coconuts ? ''
` ` coconuts ?
you ' ve got balls the size of coconuts .
` ` you and your goddamn coconuts , '' digger added .
he pulls me between three trunks with soft , coconut - like husks and holds me .
my face gets buried in her hair , and i take in her warm scent , coconut and flowers .
` ` it 's a coconut , you nasty people ! ''
her skin is so soft and smells like coconut and sunshine from her day in the sun .
and then i was going to find some hawaiian man in a loin cloth to rub coconut oil all over me and say big words like electromagnetic and ionic ... bummer .
the wind picked up again as the smell of coconut floated through the air .
palm trees on either side of us bent and swayed , heavy with coconuts .
` ` maybe there are coconuts or something ? ''
` ` we 're not foraging for coconuts , '' i said .
the coconut tops and authentic grass skirts that della had delivered to our huts were a surprise .
i could only imagine how excited rush was about the coconut bra and the grass skirt blaire was wearing .
i made it just how you like it , with honey and coconut . ''
german chocolate with fresh coconut and pecans ... she shook her head , moving toward the entrance to the tunnel .
he cracked open a coconut , splashing milk all over his shirt , but he did n't seem to care .
she held a coconut in her hand , and a second later , a neon - pink curly straw appeared from inside of it .
james stilled , and ava dropped her coconut .
` ` it 's all right , '' she mumbled , and she picked up her coconut again to take a half hearted sip .
i ' m pretty sure i ' m seeing some coconut trees .
` ` i can go and get some coconuts for now .
` ` the coconuts will tide us over for the night .
` ` now let 's go find some coconuts and then get some sleep so that we can get up early and explore by sunlight . ''
` ` let 's worry about sleep after we find some coconuts . ''
he ran ahead of me , and i watched him pick up the coconuts and shake them .
` ` i could n't find any more green coconuts on the ground . ''
` ` i can crack open some coconuts if you want . ''
i stared at his bulging biceps as he gathered coconut palms and tried not to lust after him too obviously .
after jakob had kissed me , we 'd noticed piles of fallen coconut branches and stopped to pick them up to take back with us to the sand .
he looked pointedly at the pathetic coconut limb beside me , and i frowned .
i ' m pretty sure i saw some more banana trees , and we already know there are coconuts .
i reached down for her body wash that smelled of coconuts , i was torturing myself .
` ` yeah he loves coconuts .
chloe picked up a bottle of heavenly from the dream angels collection and added it to the bag and also grabbed a bottle of coconut passion .
i massage the shampoo into my hair and then rinse it and put my new coconut conditioner in .
she smelled like coconut lotion and musky arousal , my favorite combination .
after my bath , i rub myself with coconut - almond oil , slide on my sleekest thong , my red dress , some turquoise heels , a thick yellow wristband - at least three colors on me , which always makes me feel good - and i hurry over to brooke 's place , telling myself to stop wondering if i 'll really have a date , if i 'll ever pay the debt , if i 'll ever have a good night 's rest again .
you smell like fucking coconut , and i have n't smelled that in years . ''
` ` means i ' m an unlucky bastard , '' he leans to whisper in my ear , then , even closer , ` ` your hair smells of coconut . ''
edging his body closer , he suddenly presses a kiss into my hair , like he 's wild for coconut .
the scent of frying food drifted through the windows , and the smell of coconut tanning oil that only people who 'd never heard of cancer would use .
but john came back then with virgin ( ha ha ) drinks for us , frozen coconut and pineapple juice in plastic hurricane glasses with straws and paper umbrellas and monkey figurines stuck into the ground ice .
late in the afternoon they dried off and walked into town , wandering the tourist trap gift shops and marveling at the wondrous sculptures of pirates that could be crafted out of coconut shells nowadays .
` ` do you want me to hit you on the head with a coconut ?
henry stopped in front of a vendor , handed over a few coins , and picked up a fruit roughly the same size and shape of a coconut , but bright green .
i loved the smell of coconut oil .
we can run away and live on a beach somewhere , drinking from coconuts and using banana leaves as clothes , '' justin says .
the scent of coconuts filled the air .
` ` do n't forget the coconuts , love , '' he called over his shoulder as i watched his cute little tushy cross the room .
how could i possibly forget the coconuts ?
that hair and those coconuts are mine and mine alone , '' i laughed .
` ` you smell like coconuts and clean laundry , '' he breathed , and promptly fell asleep .
do n't forget your leftover coconut shrimp .
` ` coconuts !
it 's coconuts ! ''
` ` what 's coconuts ? ''
you smell like coconuts and clean laundry , '' he said proudly , as if he had cracked some code .
` ` and coconuts - do n't forget the coconuts , '' he said , reminding me .
` ` and coconuts - do n't forget the coconuts , '' he said , reminding me .
` ` no , we really should n't forget the coconuts , '' i said , turning to face him and running my hands down his torso , and even lower .
i did n't forget the coconuts .
he released my breast to bring another punishing kiss to my mouth , still tasting of coconut rum , passion running wild now .
as i wash myself with my coconut body scrub , my mind wanders back to a time when sean was my conductor and i was nothing but a violin in his orchestra .
her coconut scent , the same body lotion she used to use back in college , brings back memories of our bodies entwined , our lips meshed together as i brought her to climax time and time again .
there were baskets of rolls and on a side buffet sat the desserts - a layered white cake mounded with coconut shavings , a pan of frosting - covered brownies , and a plate of pink and white cupcakes .
mallory stood at the side table , carving up the coconut cake .
once i was dry , i smoothed on my favorite coconut lotion and combed out my hair .
so i grabbed up my coconut body wash and used my little white pouf to scrub myself down .
like coconuts and sunshine .
his faint coconut scent swirled around me , and i took a deep breath , letting my eyes flutter closed .
` ` since you 're showing us where to find the mangos and coconuts . ''
` ` there 's your coconuts , '' he said .
i shrieked and ran for cover as coconuts rained from the tree .
holding the coconut between us , i leaned up and pressed a kiss to his cheek .
i jerked and stepped back , rushing to show him the coconuts .
i exclaimed , motioning to the pile of fuzzy coconuts .
we each gathered up a couple coconuts and then set off on foot again , following behind duke .
i picked up a coconut , studying it and wondering how hard it was going to be to break into .
a minute later , he handed me the coconut .
the slightly sweet , creamy liquid of the coconut hit my tongue in a burst of flavor .
when all the liquid was drained away , he took the coconut from me and split it in half , revealing layers of pure - white fruit .
nash came inside the plane as i was taming the beast that was my hair and grabbed up a couple coconuts and went outside to open them .
he stalked over and held out a coconut to me .
` ` here , '' nash said , handing the second coconut to duke .
then he handed me the last coconut .
` ` i 'll bring you a coconut . ''
my mother was going on about some movie about people who talked to coconuts when they were stranded .
one day i was in the grocery store , pondering a display of coconuts , when someone behind me called out bella , the word sounding exactly as he said it .
i spun around so fast that all the coconuts tumbled off the table and rolled around my feet .
i left the coconuts on the floor and i went home without whatever i went to the store for in the first place .
he regained his balance just shy of slamming into a coconut tree .
and damned if sunscreen did n't smell like coconut oil and tropical fantasies .
time for more truth , well , except for the part about how the scent of paige slathered in coconut oil twisted his libido inside out .
the scent of coconut and musk and man filled her already fuzzy senses .
she passed crusty a coconut cup and a grin as she angled closer to max .
max stared across the small patch of sand at the leggy dynamo flicking coconut milk into rokowsky 's face .
how damned unfair that he smelled like coconut oil , sunshine and a hint of musk while she likely reeked of sweat and smoke .
finally , she rested her forehead against his and inhaled the scent of coconut oil , musk and man .
` ` what woman needs conventional when she can have pineapples , coconut oil and more . ''
he inhaled and caught the scent of coconut sunscreen .
soon , the intoxicating scent of coconut oil filled her nostrils , reminding her of days at the beach and the sinful delights she knew ben had in store .
as he walked through the living room and entered her bedroom , the scent of coconut oil assaulted his senses .
` ` coconut oil .
like , for instance , if he could be any fruit in the world , it would be a coconut , because they never took themselves too seriously .
probably some weird coconut shit sullivan had concocted himself .
i also saw some coconuts , but they were up too high to get .
until we find other fresh water , we could survive on coconut water . ''
what we call coconut milk that people make daiquiris out of is actually the juice squeezed from the white meat of the coconut , not the liquid that swishes around inside the round nut . ''
jonathan did a little nearby exploring , bringing back a coconut that he had found on the ground and proceeded to examine it in great detail , before laying it in the sand near the blanket .
jonathan pulled out a few cracked - open coconuts from the backpack he had over his shoulder .
we lost the water inside , but the coconut is really tasty and very moist . ''
candi was having a hard time getting the coconut meat out to taste it .
` ` well , we can take fish and cook it in the coconut over a fire .
maybe the flavor of the coconut will go up into the fish and make it taste more interesting . ''
they used a coconut with the husk still on as their rugby ball .
the coconuts they were eating had natural fats and protein , which gave their bodies the fuel they needed to put on the muscle .
with just the coconuts and bananas , jonathan was n't able to eat enough calories to get really big muscles , and kevin could feel himself losing weight .
do you know if we have any open coconuts lying around ? ''
he gestured to the pile of coconuts they had gathered from some trees earlier .
try to keep the coconut water if you can 'cause i want to use that too . ''
under the fish were broken pieces of coconut with the white meat still attached , facing up .
she carefully poured the coconut water that kevin had saved over the top , and it was resting in the coconut pieces that were slightly concave .
she carefully poured the coconut water that kevin had saved over the top , and it was resting in the coconut pieces that were slightly concave .
the fish was flakey and light and had a nice coconut taste that went perfectly with the light salting candi had added .
even the chunks of coconut had cooked through and easily separated from the nutshells .
they worked hard the entire day , stopping only for five minutes to eat a lunch of bananas , coconut and water .
she was getting tired of steamed fish with coconut .
after a while they stopped for a lunch of bananas and coconut .
she shrugged her shoulders ; it was a philosophical question for another time - she just remembered she had planned to try to make a coconut guava drink , and she needed a couple more coconuts .
she shrugged her shoulders ; it was a philosophical question for another time - she just remembered she had planned to try to make a coconut guava drink , and she needed a couple more coconuts .
she used several of their bamboo cups and worked on mixing the coconut water with some of the guava slices .
she used a bamboo stick with a small , round , conch - like shell tied to the end of it to mash the guava pulp into the coconut water .
she passed out portions of the steamed fish , coconut and guava to everyone .
i just need to work out the mechanics of securing these two coconuts over my boobs .
i was going to use a plant rope surrounded by flowers , but so far i ' m having a hard time getting holes in the coconut halves that did n't split the entire shell . ''
jonathan had two sets of coconut shells that had been broken in half , cleaned out , filled with tiny shells inside , and then secured back together with cords wrapped around them .
i tried to make coconut guava drinks a few days ago , but it tasted awful , so i just kind of left it sitting there and forgot about it .
candi poured the coconut wine .
` ` well , there you are , '' she said impatiently , standing up and brushing herself off , trying to adjust her coconut cups so they were straight .
the exotic fusion of coconut , lime and pineapple seemed to slam into his system and shoot straight to his hard cock , making it jerk .
it had been weeks since i 'd had to fight the urge to cry , but the walls lifted like old friends , and i turned my thoughts to how many scoops of coconut to put in a hawaiian blizzard , and how many boxes of cups , spoons , or napkins we would have to stock once the supply truck came .
a large brown coconut sat on the chair at the head of the table .
fogden jabbed two long , slender fingers suddenly into the depressions in the end of the coconut and jerked them back , chortling .
father fogden , apparently little the worse for his excesses of the day before , was stroking his coconut , humming dreamily to himself .
an enormous piece of coconut cake is already sitting in front of the chair she 'll occupy .
we just finished a light afternoon snack of fresh fruits and rich cheeses , accompanied by some sort of lemon and coconut drink that has my head spinning lightly .
we ate bagels and cream cheese and licked fresh coconut juice from each other until well into the afternoon .
i could smell the sweetness of coconut oil mingling with the crisp freshness of running water .
the only sound was a periodic muffled thud as a coconut hit the ground .
we were handed cocktails poured into real coconuts while we checked in .
i spent a solid twenty minutes exploring while sipping my yummy coconut and rum drink .
he took the empty coconut from my hands , set it on the nearby dresser , and pulled me into his arms .
atreus asked as they drove past a line of barasti shops selling fresh coconuts and bananas .
he then remembered reading on a travel website about using coconut oil to prevent sand fly bites .
he was surrounded by jungle surely he could find some coconuts !
it was heavy and awkward , but it was just long enough and he was finally able to knock down a coconut .
opening a coconut with a machete or other tools is not too difficult , but opening one with rocks is another thing entirely .
after repeatedly crunching and scraping his hands on the rocks while beating the coconut on them , he finally opened up a tear in the husk .
realizing that the coconut would provide much - needed hydration as well as insect protection , he carefully cracked open the nut and drank the coconut water before breaking the shell apart to get at the meat .
realizing that the coconut would provide much - needed hydration as well as insect protection , he carefully cracked open the nut and drank the coconut water before breaking the shell apart to get at the meat .
he then rubbed the coconut on his skin and to his surprise and relief , it not only greatly reduced the number of new bites , it also soothed the sting of the existing bites .
he broke off a piece of coconut meat and popped it in his mouth .
he placed the remaining coconut under his shirt and tucked the shirt into his swim trunks to hold it while he climbed .
he climbed down from the cave and set about knocking down a few more coconuts .
his experience from the night before served him well and he was able to open his first coconut of the day much faster and with much less damage to his hands .
so you do have coconuts on board ?
nobody told me there were coconuts !
robinson bent down below the galley table and stood up with a coconut that had been in a bin underneath .
jeff picked up the blade and held it and the coconut in front of him .
taking the coconut and machete from him , she sliced at the coconut , rapidly removing the outer husk and exposing the inner nut , finishing with a slice across the top of the nut to expose its contents , narrowly missing jeffs throat with the blade as it passed across the coconut .
taking the coconut and machete from him , she sliced at the coconut , rapidly removing the outer husk and exposing the inner nut , finishing with a slice across the top of the nut to expose its contents , narrowly missing jeffs throat with the blade as it passed across the coconut .
the annoyed cook handed the coconut back to him and returned to the other side of the table to resume her work .
thanks , jeff said , as much in gratitude for her not cutting his throat as for opening the coconut .
jeff found a spot on deck that was out of the way of the crew and set his bottle of water to cool by the rail as he slowly drank his coconut .
jeff finished the last of the coconut water and set the nut down to save the meat for later .
ye like coconuts ?
he waved over the serving wench and asked her to bring him some coconut water with lime juice .
help yourself to coconuts or fruit .
he grabbed a knife from the wall and whacked the top off a coconut to drink and then gathered his food and headed topside .
she gave him a slight wink as she handed him his meal and a coconut in place of the usual mug of grog .
he quickly sliced off the top of the coconut and took a seat at the dining table with several other members of the crew who were all too busy gulping down breakfast to engage in anything but the most cursory of communication .
upon finishing his food and taking the last swig of coconut water , he made his way back on deck .
jeff wearily made his way to the galley where robinson was waiting for him with a plate of food and an already cut - open coconut to drink .
a short time later , harrison delivered a bowl of food and a coconut to jeff along with a message .
her father hailed from havei ( hawaii ) and they created a fermented coconut juice beverage called kefir which had about 10 % alcohol .
a woman entered the room with a silver tray bearing two hollowed - out coconut shells filled with liquid .
he tilted it back , and i drank two gulps of the most amazingly sweet coconut juice i had ever tasted .
james had taken a huge gulp of coconut juice and was choking on it now .
suddenly , a small hand laid a fresh coconut on the same log and thwack ; a machete came down chopping of the very tip .
shawn would you like some coconut juice ?
wairua , go find some more coconuts for your baby !
there was deep blue water and warm white sand and some kind of drink in a coconut .
the yummy drink in the coconut faded to be replaced with a bleary view of cheap wood paneling and eve 's face .
they probably would n't get through their first coconut drink on the white sand beach before she demanded he take her back to the hell and misery .
` ` time to do the coconut shuffle , '' yelled rmerr .
skadi and bulwark were close to the fire preparing a thick , toothsome smelling stew of bacon , pine nuts and potatoes in what smelled like coconut milk .
once i m out of my jeans and smelling like a coconut , i rejoin benji outside .
a moment later he came out carrying a crystalline object the size of a small coconut .
eleven jack climbed a coconut tree .
he reached over and hit a coconut .
he seized the coconuts and tossed them to the ground .
ernest bent down to start picking up the coconuts .
jack swung his stick and struck the remaining coconut .
they laid it out flat on the ground and put the coconuts inside it .
after you ve finished , make more of these coconut contraptions .
the nets of coconuts hung overhead , precarious and ready .
jack , bill said , i want you in the trees with the vines attached to the coconut bombs .
nip pointed to the coconut trap , and then himself .
stood there , throwing coconuts down at the lurchers , were a family of apes .
another ape tossed a coconut and smashed the lurchers head in .
something with flowers and coconuts .
the material reminded him of things he d seen floating in on the kuroshio current among the coconuts , kukui nuts , and bicycle parts , ranging the many colors of vegetables , all shapesusually small sizesand with typically inscrutable functions .
ravno placed the almost empty half - coconut husk and eating sticks on his pile of violet folds .
ravno asked , but looked only at the coconut halves that held the spinach and halibut .
ravno had been looking again at the small shreds of spinach that clung helplessly at the smooth coconut bowls edge , while he waited for the next step in the dance .
ravno remembered chichis slender arms and hairless face and head , which almost dripped with coconut milk , and knew that mr . sunshine must have been speaking the truth .
having been up since dawn helping set things up , i have a sudden unexpected weary , and curl up on a sofa in the shade of a coconut palm , surfacing occasionally to listen to the reggae beat but not opening my eyes until the sun has slipped behind the hills and our guests have departed .
i like the coconut .
ah , chateauneuf - du - pape for lunch and now coconut cake for breakfast .
he stopped outside a bakery , low and dingy , and smelled the coconut icing that reeked through the air - that he had never quite smelled elsewhere .
even when he had stopped to buy tarts with coconut icing , even when they were advertised as ` ` dahl - style , '' they had been faint imitations - no more .
i took a step forward and kicked him as hard as i could , right in the coconuts , then followed up with a stomping kick to the neck .
levy was not there , but there was some coconut cake under a plastic dome .
he came to the communications console just as beth was wiping the last crumbs of coconut from her lips .
more like a coconut .
when he reached the top , he bent to pick up a square of coconut matting , retrieved something from beneath it , then straightened , grinning .
the place smelled of coconut and damp feet .
she always smelled of coconut oil and carried herself as if she were about to bound away , too full of california sunshine to sit still .
` ` once ... just once ... why ca n't we end up at some beach where women are in bikinis and where drinks come in coconuts ? ''
` ` coconut rice , and curry , and ... never mind .
` ` it was a stupid coconut , dumbass .
i know what coconuts look like . ''
the smell chicken , mushrooms , and coconut fills my nostrils , but the aroma is not as appetizing as it should be .
i inhaled the salty scent of the ocean , with its hint of coconut .
mike reached down , picked up a coconut , and shook it .
mike stripped off the husk of the coconut , and then pounded it against a sharp rock until it burst open , splitting in half and revealing the milky white flesh .
i was always amazed at how quickly mike could split a coconut .
mike stopped fussing with the coconut and glanced up , frowning .
he tipped the coconut back and took a gulp , then handed it to me .
i took a long drink , made a face , and handed the coconut to jack .
jack sipped from the coconut and glanced up .
all we have are the shirts on our backs and a bunch of bitter coconuts .
maybe we could use coconut shells or something .
if it worked , then there d be no need for boiled water , coconuts or a plan b or anything !
its coconut .
and you smell like coconuts .
it was a small round blue thing that resembled of a miniature coconut .
verne always came to the sharks defense explaining that a person was more likely to be killed by a coconut falling on their head than being killed by a shark .
on their birthdays , gages mom always made chocolate cake with coconut frosting for her and gage because it was their favorite .
after running an insane amount of hot water and putting in some coconut bubble bath i slid in and tried to think of something good .
i sprayed myself one last time with my coconut and ginger body spray and threw it in my bag .
i scouted the room for the cake ; i hoped they d chosen raspberry coconut .
the taste of coconut still lingered on my tongue , making it easy for me to recall his lips pressed tenderly against mine .
no , you re the coconut .
whereas he was pale , pasty , wiry and he always thought his head resembled a coconut .
for some reason this memory always conjured up the scent of coconuts .
beside this was coconut groove , lots and lots of beaches and beach houses who would nt want to come ?
living in coconut grove there s rarely any cold weather but hank just gave her the chills .
i choked on my coconut water and looked at brooke .
and his smell , maybe his cologne that clung to his clothes and floated in the air between us was surprisingly delicious and maybe a bit peculiar like coconut and cookies .
its coconut oil , he admitted , dipping his head as if embarrassed .
but i understand the coconut now .
i accepted a fresh coconut juice and finally remembered to ask areel my million - euro question , before we forget how everything started , i smiled smugly at the two of them positively beaming as if they were radioactive , would you be so kind as to reveal what the inscription says ?
it rolled and cracked open like a coconut , its contents spilled and wasted .
he sliced his meal , sprinkled some ground spices that he kept in his storage , and coupled the meal with coconut juice .
chewing at his rabbit meat , he even nodded at the green dots , and took a big gulp of the coconut .
he sighed at the freshness of the coconut juice .
her grandmothers tropical , coconut - oil scent permeated her .
her beverage was a large coconut with a straw in it .
the cooking fires here are lit often , enough that you only have to put some coconut hair here , see , and wave a palm leaf .
have some coconut milk .
inside were layers of dried food , including fish , seaweed , coconut , banana , and sugarcane .
people ignored the danger as the coconut liquor began to flow .
she took a sip from the coconut when it was passed around to her , but did nt say much and mostly gazed into the fire thinking about her mom .
as mina was ruminating , ana stumbled over to the group , reeking of coconut liquor .
his teeth were pure white and reminded me of a row of coconut popsicles that had each been sucked down to a sharp point .
i know , she said , you look like a coconut after chemotherapy .
you probably attended high school in some exotic , far - off place where everyone wore bikinis to school and drank fruity drinks out of a coconut at lunchtime .
white chocolate with coconut !
no really , you smell like coconut and honey .
so you re a metre high and look like a coconut on legs !
not a coconut amongst you !
why is because yer a coconut or a veggie or a crippled monkey .
the next day he took a train trip to nuwara eliya further into the mountains and spectacular scenery , passing tea plantations and plantations for cinnamon and herbs , coffee , coconut products and things sri lanka is famous for .
after visiting the coast and the beaches of parangtritis , wil was taken back to the dawa hotel , thinking as they passed through beautiful landscapes of coconut and rice paddies , do i hire him for another day and go to the dieng plateau located about 160 km out of jogjakarta and spend six hours each way to visit a hindu temple or two ?
maybe it was the smoky haze of the afternoon sun filtering the light through the coconut groves or the emerald green of the newly established rice , these fertile lands in the foothills of mount merapi abundant and worthy of a postcard image , and one day , they too likely to be covered again in ash from a fresh eruption from the mount merapi volcano .
he found yasas father admiring the coconuts .
rounded buttocks , long , slim legs , and bare breasts glistened in the afternoon sun from coconut oil applied by the gallon .
the smells emanating from the cabin were familiar , disinfectant , recently fried food , diesel fumes , coconut oil , and a perfume that i recognized , but could not name .
that was the plan but he started yelling right there in the mans kitchen and bashing his brains in like a monkey with a coconut .
on different levels , they found charcoal , putty , coconut fibre .
are you as good as the coconut cream ?
` ` christ , whoever you 're working for must have coconuts the size of king kong .
after purchasing an eclectic bunch of items from the street hawkers shoe polish , plantains , yams , spinach leaves , tomatoes , a gallon of oil , a table cloth and mosquito coils to fill the backseat of the suv , she stretched her ample frame , tall and fit for someone her age at the backseat and sipped the juices from the fresh coconut that they d purchased earlier at kokompe junction .
as he sat there contemplating his situation , a coconut seller walked towards him .
i won a coconut !
his eyes follow a set of hairy toes up monkey legs to a tight pair of purple y'fronts ; wisps of coconut hair have unfurled from the damp sides .
guns and coconuts are second nature to me , mon .
he brought it down on her head , cutting a large piece of her skull cleanly off , just like a beach coconut seller had once done for sue in jamaica .
no more classes for me today , i will spend some time in the library , he said tossing his empty coconut shell into a wicker basket .
a few were pouring milk on the lifelike cutout ; others split coconuts on the ground , offering garlands and money , while even more people danced in a trance .
she approached , preceded by the delightful scent of coconut , youth , and sun - kissed skin , a petulant moue on her flawless face .
her bronze colored back glistened with coconut oil she had hastily applied before she left her second floor room .
there is no way to get rid of them except coconut oil it drowns them when they pop out .
but the shaman cast out the evil she put a lot more in than just coconut oil - i saw her oh .
instead , he stood and scanned the fruit - green mangoes , bananas , pineapples , rambutan and fresh green coconuts floating in polystyrene boxes of iced water .
he bought his favourite , ice - cold coconut , the stall owner expertly hacked off the top with a large knife , stuck in a plastic straw and smiled as she handed it to him .
they stopped twice - once to buy iced coconut , the second time to buy clear soup , sausages , rice and a meat and chilli dish from a roadside stall - all packed into clear plastic bags tied with elastic bands .
` ` buy some iced coconut juice and fresh bananas from the side of the road , jim . ''
` ` and drink fresh coconut juice . ''
a fluffy coconut cake was easter .
ahead was the new coconut bar .
he looked like the kind of man who would lop open a coconut for you with his machete if you were passing through his homestead on a hot day .
one dimpled knee , like a yellowish coconut , appeared thrust forward between the half open folds of the nightgown in the classic stance of the modeller .
the fruit bounced and rolled over the coconut matting .
i wash it in coconut oil once a week . ''
she was last seen on a beach in maui having coconut oil massaged into her ample backside by a half - naked twenty - year - old called keanu .
mrs . grainger had never gotten along with coconut oil . )
unpleasant , sour smells of sweat and travel were overlaid by the sweet coconut scent of shea butter , expensive aftershave and the delicious , barbecue tang of boerewors , the traditional cape dutch sausages sold by vendors outside .
` ` it is made with coconut milk , coconut sugar and little pieces of gelatin .
now they were getting to the meat of the coconut .
sipping green coconut water through a straw , he played with the youngest of the three children , while the eldest , a girl of no more than twelve , watched him with dark , serious eyes as she wove thin - cut palm fronds into an intricate pattern that would become a basket .
deaf as a coconut ; mute as well . '
are n't you the fella who all the time sell coconuts ? '
the man was chatting with a cocoruru peddler , a thin , very black jamaican who rolled a wheelbarrow filled with coconuts up and down the beach , selling them to the bathers , cracking them open with a murderous - looking machete .
tarrance sipped the lukewarm coffee and ordered a piece of coconut pie as dot came within earshot .
and just outside the hamlet , miraculously untouched by the flames , was a cooking shack framed with coconut leaves , and a meal that had been freshly prepared , no more than thirty minutes earlier .
they bore down nearly two hundred feet and found layers of charcoal , timber , coconut fibers , flagstones , and clay .
she walks past me , and i get a nose full of a cheap perfume that 's scented with coconut oil .
but perhaps has retired to the cap d'antibes , and is slathering coconut oil on his liver - spotted shoulders even as we speak .
she was working on a box of chocolate coconut doughnuts and had got to the halfway mark .
my skin is pale and always burns easily , but the only alternative is this thick , white goop , sticky and smelling like coconut .
it 'll make the coconut grove fire seem like a trip to epcot . ''
and the one with the coconut on top . ''
fumbling to the tune of ` ` i ' ve got a lovely bunch of coconuts , '' i finally wrestled the thing out of my damp pocket .
` ` i need a coconut smoothie . ''
she hugged her mother hard , in that one momentaware of so many little sensations : the kitchen tileunder her bare feet , the faint coconut smell thatdung to her mother 's hair from her shampoo .
adrian sifted through the bags and pulled out a slice of coconut cream .
it smelled faintly of coconut oil , explaining the unexpected and appealing softness of it .
she swallowed a bite of coconut cream , and her eyes closed in sweet surrender .
in and out he breathed , the scent of salt and coconut filling his nose .
delilah tipped back a coconut half , draining the milk inside .
tierney asked , plucking at the meat of a cracked - open coconut .
soap that smelled of artificial coconut .
before it was a cafe , it had been a g*y bar , and before that a boutique hotel , and before that a funeral home , and before that a mansion , and before that a coconut plantation , and before that a hunting ground for crocodiles , and before that , they did n't know .
even from this distance , i could smell the salty , toasted coconut scent that wafted from his skin .
i was thinking of my pike , greased up in suntan oil and smelling like coconuts .
i could still smell pike in my apartment , his coconut scent just hanging in the air .
now , with my hotel suite smelling like coconut butter and rotted corpse , i was sitting in front of my computer , waiting for fang to log on .
the air smelled the same too - chemicals mixed with coconut oil from the tanning beds in the next room .
when i emerged , clean , dressed , and smelling mostly of coconut with only mere traces of dead cat , i found raphael examining the photographs on my shelf .
kari could only shake her head as ana ran her hands over a head of lettuce , a watermelon , a cantaloupe , a coconut .
` ` a coconut ? ''
breakfast is coconut milk .
* * * a bunch of oysters and clams goes in the shell first , then i poke a hole in the eye of a coconut and pour in the juice .
with the help of several large rocks , i ' ve managed to get into a ripe coconut and it 's all white and delicious , both raw or cooked in my chowder .
and so , her brown legs hanging over the sides of her hammock , an opened coconut by her side , her spear within easy reach , tonda - lay - o , queen of the jungle , plays her pennywhistle and dreams crazy dreams and awaits her bold rescuer .
evan appeared in the doorway with a coconut water in one hand , and a bottle of aspirin and a muffin in the other .
sara handed me two pills , which i washed down with the coconut water .
' emma , do you think you could at least drink that coconut water before we get to the church ? '
like , if you want to eat some coconut shrimp , you get coconut shrimp . ''
it was hard to pick out one pain from the next , and she looked like a brochure on domestic violence , her cheek achieving coconut proportions and blooming blue to rival her hair .
our apartment complex had a pool and aimee and i had spent a lot of our summer spreading ourselves with her ` ` homemade goop '' -a mixture of coconut and baby oil and god only knew what else - and working on our tans while we ran the batteries out on her boom box listening to tyler vincent .
` ` never have i ever eaten coconut ice cream . ''
like , today , this one lady had to eat a coconut shell full of frog fallopian tubes ! ''
and you even got one dipped in coconut flakes - my favorite . ''
the coconut things ? ''
it tastes like talcum powder and coconuts and makes my still - churning stomach rebel a little bit more .
she threw in a pair of toms slip - ons instead ; as they landed in the bottom of the suitcase , a sharp scent of coconut sunscreen wafted out from the lining , conjuring up images of a sun - drenched beach , rocky cliffs , and a cerulean jamaican sea .
maybe it was something about the hot , humid air , or maybe it was the smell of the coconut sunscreen everyone was wearing , but suddenly hanna was reminded of the parties they 'd attended in jamaica - especially that crowded dinner the night they met tabitha .
spencer almost dropped her bottle of coconut water .
spencer swished a gulp of coconut water in her mouth .
she climbed into the car , drained a bottle of coconut water , and switched on the radio .
a long - haired girl in a coconut - shell bikini top and a grass skirt handed everyone , including spencer , a pina colada .
10 water and power eureka squeezed a dab of coconut sunblock into her palm and slathered a second coat onto william 's white shoulders .
when emma breathed in , she could detect the faintest scent of coconut in the air .
she heard a slight cough ... and smel ed a faint whiff of coconut sunscreen .
` ` in a few short weeks we 'll be lying on the beach , drinking out of coconuts , and watching boys on surfboards . ''
and his smell , maybe his cologne that clung to his clothes and floated in the air between us was surprisingly delicious and maybe a bit peculiar ... like coconut and cookies .
` ` but i understand the coconut now . ''
i do n't detect even the slightest hint of coconut , or alcohol .
she bet her dad told her mom , relax , honey , she 's wash and wear , as alex crunched almonds and chewy , juicy coconut and licked sweet chocolate runnels , molten in the afternoon heat , from her wrist and forearm and the knob of her elbow .
placing the bar on the wood floor , she jockeyed the blade 's tip into the chocolate , right behind that first almond , then rocked the knife back and forth , applying steady pressure until the bar broke in a small shower of chocolate - covered coconut .
the chocolate of that almond joy chunk was gone , her tongue pebbly with coconut .
a perfume of rich chocolate and sweet coconut and spicy almond swelled .
after freshening up in one of the houses , which turned out to be superbly appointed guests quarters , complete with maid service , itza took responsibility for me and sent david and caroline off for some quality time together , and after wrapping myself around a very large rum punch ( in a real coconut shell ) we settled down for a quiet chat , he had wanted one for a while so this was his chance .
with all the flare of a professional demonstrator , he easily sliced through the hard shell of the coconut , revealing the beautiful white meat inside .
tarzyn raised aloft the thing she had pilfered from the hut , and , with aim made true by years of fruit and coconut throwing , launched it toward the group of savages .
crewmembers ran up coconut trees instead of rigging and dislodged the fruit to fill the empty galley lockers .
beth instantly zoomed in on the coconut foaming bath product .
she could see herself kicking back in a foam - filled toronto bathtub smelling the scent of coconut .
you must let me know what you think of our special coconut juice from the nearby islands .
after a quick breakfast of fresh scallops and the delicious coconut juice , they proceeded to the foyer to collect a sea scooter .
i paid him the small amount he asked , and he chopped off a coconut top with one blow .
whichever beach i visited , no matter how deserted or isolated , he d show up with his machete and a huge bunch of coconuts .
i exited the water and , as usual , the coconut boy was there .
his oversized hand hovering over the paper looked powerful enough to crush a coconut , or somebodys wind pipe .
i turned around giving a small smile an when to take a soft drink from small hut made up of dried coconut leaves just to get the beautiful beach feeling and effect .
now they began to see birds and sometimes seaweed and coconuts floating in the water , which indicated more land not too far away .
the captain general himself gave out fruit and milk of coconut , which had been found to bring about a rapid improvement , and disproved the theory that scurvy was caused by bad air .
his current interest was coconuts .
the pith of the coconut they eat uncooked with meat or fish as we eat bread , and it has the flavour of almonds .
to make oil , they let the pith of the coconut ferment in water and then they boil it and it turns into butter .
the shell of the coconut is covered with fibres like hair that they use to make ropes to tie up their ships .
the coconut is truly a wonderful commodity and a whole family can sustain itself with two palm trees , using one tree one week and the other tree the next , and they have thus understood the art of husbandry .
a moments embarrassed silence , and then duarte wiped the blood off his face , laughed nervously , lifted his coconut shell cup and drank a toast to the crone with the vampires visage .
the junk yielded no livestock but only dried fish and coconuts , but in the hold they found chinese porcelain and silk clothes embroidered with dragons .
this ship had a cargo of sawn timber for building houses or boats , rice in bags , coconuts , urns of palm oil and a couple of bags full of little black sticks with a strong scented smell .
eventually hunger got the better of him and he found a nearby coconut , peeled it on a tree spike and cracked it open to enjoy a delicious meal .
but with all the exertion and muscle - gain , his appetite increased and six more tough coconuts later he found his fill and washed his mouth out with the milk .
the sun started becoming a problem , but he smeared coconut oils from the meat and it acted like natural sunscreen .
while i waited i found a few coconuts and i remember how much you said you liked them .
p800.00 21 coconut ( bearing ) p5 ea .
some coconut shrimp appeared on a plate next to my drink and i had a bite .
sitting in the wicker chair owned by someone else in front of a house owned by the same someone else , we rest our legs on the railing and look at the dark night sky through the long , thin leaves of a coconut tree .
there is an old lady in a brown cotton sari the borders gold - circumambulating the tree , and her hands hold the coconut and flowers that she has brought for the tree in such a way that they form both a container and a salutation .
well , mostly coconuts .
the seychelles iconic souvenir was a large double coconut , which looked very much like a womans bottom .
matthew returned to his place beside katharine just in time for dessert , a cool coconut sorbet .
matthew quickly reached down and picked up a coconut from the side of the path , and sent it in a perfect spiral , clocking the guard in the forehead .
it is made up of 4 ingredientswhich , in a pinch , can even be cut down to 3 : sticky rice , coconut milk and brown sugar .
she smelled like coconut milk and flowers , so intoxicating .
the professor made a car out of bamboo and coconuts .
can you make coconut cream from coconut milk ?
can you make coconut cream from coconut milk ?
what are them various implements with a coconut ?
you look like you have nt seen coconut trees in your life , am i right ?
these days grandfield arrived a little later then usual , unable to resist purchasing a candied apple on a stick with coconut topping , a personal favorite .
she leaned in a gave him a soft kiss , then smiled like a movie star and motioned to the buffet saying that she wanted to try a little piece of that fantastic looking coconut number .
it also had banana trees , coconut and date palms , so they had nt had to return to the clarissa for food or water .
jeff tripped over a rock and fell onto a pile of coconuts .
he kicked at another coconut with his left foot and limped as fast and carefully as he could to the ship .
she came back with some broken pieces of coconut shell she advised would make excellent scoops .
melissa put down her coconut shell and sat back exhausted .
he came back quickly with a stick and half a coconut shell .
it turned out the mans name was santa anna banana bonanza crunchy creamy coconut .
like he was trying to crack open a coconut .
` ` unfortunately it worked so well , '' said the woman angrily , ` ` that of an evening the man of my dreams did n't stop singing ' you ' ve got a lovely bunch of coconuts ' for two hours , then fell asleep on them .
i could smell her lovely scent , which was like lime mixed with coconut or something .
chapter seven lyght lay back relaxing in his woven hammock strung up in the shady tree - line along the beach , sipping on a cold citrus and coconut drink from his friend miltons bar , feeling the bitter yet warm aftertaste of alcohol in the funny mixture .
reaching down to grab a small green baby coconut , lyght wandered somewhat aimlessly back towards town , thinking .
bouncing the coconut in his palm , he looked up at the cloudless sky and took a deep breath .
auron picked up the coconut bowl and ravished the rice .
she smelled of coconut , lime and cookies .
he inhaled the scent of her shampoo coconut and lime maybe ?
what size coconuts does that jock have , anyway ? ?
lets go with bowling ball size coconuts , but a brain the size of a pea jarron offered and laughed .
it was a muddy looking thing that was served in a raggedly cut half of a coconut .
johnathan picked up the coconut , trying unsuccessfully not to slosh any of the drink over the side and took a sip .
he had the small scissors and now he had some coconut to nibble on in a pinch if it came to it .
the coconut seemed oddly out of place here , in winter in the pacific northwest .
sure , he d been locked away , kept separate from the rest of the living , breathing world for longer than anyone really shouldbut he shook his head , and then shook it again , and looked into the empty half of the coconut he still held , wondering what else was in there besides pixie dust and liqueur .
he shook the coconut fiercely .
the man - thing smiled , revealing strange teeth that lookednot right in a human face , and pointed a finger this time at the coconut that johnathan still held .
johnathan followed the finger , and realized he was gripping the coconut tightly , his nails digging in to its white flesh .
sore losers , zach tut - tutted , lobbing his long arms easily and hitting the coconut dead on .
the skull cracked like a coconut .
the coconut was a hairy thing , a small sphere of bristly brown hair .
quietly , she scooped a chunk of moist sand out of the forest floor and smeared it atop the coconut .
the coconut continued to frown , not an ounce of fear on its grim , hairy visage .
the coconut frowned , unconvinced .
she did n't bother explaining the rest to the coconut .
a brown shape caught her eye and she spied another coconut , this one apparently having landed on a rock when descending from its leafy home .
' naturally , i ' m disappointed , ' she imagined the coconut saying , ' you are a shict , after all . '
she looked to the coconut with a pleading expression .
the coconut with its eye put out now looked cold , stale .
he 'd be devoured by dredgespiders , drown in a sudden tide , get hit on the head with a falling coconut and quietly bleed out of his skull , or just walk until starvation killed him .
he clapped his hands against either side of her helmet , ignoring the spikes biting into his palms , ignoring her blows hammering his body , ignoring everything but the feeling of squeezing an old coconut between his hands .
the coconut stayed where it was , but rincewind ' s eyes swivelled madly from side to side .
a thin trickle of coconut milk began to dribble off the end of rincewind 's beard .
on the count of three- ' the coconut dropped away .
a kind of cargo - cult pointy hat , made out of split bamboo and coconut leaves , in the hope of attracting passing wizardliness .
there was a hiss like the fall of silk , a thump and clatter as of a coconut hitting the ground , and the tinkle of crockery .
it was even more astonished when cohen took a deep breath and heaved , muscles standing out on his skinny arms like a sock full of coconuts .
' they hangs up half a bloody coconut , a lump of bacon rind , a handful of peanuts in a bit of wire and they think they 're the gods ' gift to the nat'ral world .
it went on for a while and seemed to be getting nearer , but then it stopped and was replaced by a rush of thumping and an occasional sound like a coconut being bounced on a stone floor .
and possibly bananas and coconuts .
he was probably banging a couple of coconut shells together . '
' you mean , he carries coconut shells around ? '
' but what about all the fishing nets and coconuts ? '
they had dried coconut flakes on them .
knock down a few coconuts .
there were coconuts , other nuts of various sizes , and assorted hairy or knobbly vegetable things .
' have a coconut , ' he said .
' it 's a coconut full of coconut .
' it 's a coconut full of coconut .
with a creamy coconut filling . '
' and i might believe there 's such a thing as a nat'rally chocolate - covered coconut , because chocolate 's a kind of potato- ' ' a bean , possibly , ' said ponder stibbons .
he put down the coconut shell .
there was the chin that you could break coconuts on , the fixed expression of ferocity , and the certain bullet - headedness that meant its owner could go through walls face first .
' i mean , chocolate coconuts , yes , and even filter - tipped cigarettes , but a boat with a figurehead ? '
look , you ' ve even done a flower arrangement in a coconut shell ! '
each holding the tray with one hand , and trying to push the other man away with the spare hand , they lurched forward , leaving a trail of spilt coconut milk and petals .
' -no , listen , you see , i misheard him , in fact , and i- ' ' looks like ... coconuts ... ' said ponder , shading his eyes .
' -so i said- ' ' i suppose you 'd get coconuts here ? '
the coconut opened its eyes .
' maybe with some coconut on the top ? '
' boats , maurice , but- ' ' and then there 's all the tools you 'll need , and food , of course- ' ' there 's coconuts , ' said the stupid - looking kid , who was polishing his flute .
' you get coconuts , ' said the kid .
he was n't too sure about coconuts .
but ... well , it was like that thing with the coconuts .
it was a round basket , no bigger than half a coconut shell , coated with something to block up the holes and make it float .
two purple - fingernailed hands grasped the edge of the desk , and the librarian 's face rose slowly into view like an early - morning coconut .
my chin grazed the top of her head and i caught a whiff of her coconut shampoo .
i smiled back and took a bite of coconut .
we debated the merits of coconut - scented oils over banana sunscreens .
` ` you do n't have to , honey ; i 'll bring you back one of those coconut popsicles you like .
as he leaned in to confide that it was just rum punch with extra coconut , gwendolyn saw a bead of perspiration running a white line in front of his ears .
they made it with lots of coconut and pineapple .
` ` and the coconuts eventually float out to sea ? ''
the coconut was yet another legend of the indies .
the wood in the pit smelled of ghee and rose - scented coconut oil .
the meal concluded with dried fruits which had been sugared and perfumed , followed by mouth - freshening pan , the betel leaves wrapped around spiced bhang , currants , sweet imported coconut .
onions , garlic , a green pepper , a red pepper , basil , a can of coconut milk , a can of chicken stock , a small can of curry paste , chicken , lettuce , and two bottles of gewurztraminer .
shouting back she cautions them , watch out for dropping coconuts , no one has been around here to harvest them .
having planned for this type of intrusion , each woman takes her sword and brightly colored native looking coconut mask .
he hit me with a coconut .
walking up to his captain lucas asks , i just cut holes in the top of this coconut .
lucas , this coconut milk is really good , but we need fresh water .
the two of you go on the beach and see if you can find some fruit or coconuts , the skipper said in a harsh tone .
then they were under the trees looking for coconuts .
jordan started picking up the coconuts but olson stopped him .
once down he found a rock and tried to bust open the coconut .
he left the remaining coconuts there and headed toward where he suspected the hill to be .
he found his stash of coconuts and broke into one .
it was a relief not to have to subsist on coconut milk alone .
mostly he ate coconuts and raw or dried fish .
he took inventory : he still had no fire , and was running out of coconuts , his most reliable food source .
he hoped there was a flowing spring , a source of fresh water there , more than just coconuts .
he gathered about a dozen coconuts , some berries and a small , rather sour fruit .
he drank some coconut milk as he d had no time to collect the daily ration of rainwater .
with coconut fibers he had made a headband , but the rough texture was nt comfortable .
for dessert he chewed on coconut .
the palm trees did nt appear to have as many coconuts as he had hoped but had enough .
one time he found a pile of broken coconut shells and wondered how the pigs could get at them or even break them open .
another time he found a similar pile of maybe six coconuts together , deepening the mystery .
that would explain the piles of coconuts !
after consuming some coconut milk and its white flesh inside , he went a way off and as he had done his first night on land , covered himself with sand .
he saw the jap return with fish , coconuts , roots , berries and fruit just as he had done .
some days later , while searching through a coconut grove they came upon a pair of turtles heading back to the sea .
in four days jordan ate the last of the pork and it was back to coconuts and raw fish .
he explored quickly , gathering more coconuts and palm fronds , reasoning that he might need more reserve sails .
when the last coconut was gone and the last bit of moisture sucked from it , he would reach the end of his life .
over the next days he worked his way along , harvesting the coconuts in a clockwise direction , savoring the irony that the atoll was a giant clock , tree by tree ticking off the rest of his life .
he trapped some fish in the shallows for a change in diet and ate them raw , but his staple remained the coconut as the minutes of his life were ticking down .
he went from tree to tree , one by one eating the next coconut .
he shimmied up a palm , collected the bounty , and broke open the coconut , taking that all important drink .
only the coconuts mattered , when they were gone that was it ... the unavoidable end .
then beside a pile of coconut husks he found what he was looking for , his knife .
it tasted heavenly , so different from the coconut milk .
there were baskets of coconuts , bananas , and an orange looking fruit .
as the ear - splitting noise of the drums and the clamour of applause died away scott entertained himself by chasing down captive bits of coconut from between his teeth .
after a sip of grog from his coconut chalice , he dismissed john with a curt shooing gestured made with the back of his hand .
he shooed john away with the back of his hand and took a sip out of his coconut chalice .
he picked up a golden pitcher off the table and used it to fill his coconut chalice with grog .
it was almost empty , so john filled the captain 's coconut chalice with what was left .
black sam picked up his coconut chalice and stirred the contents with his index finger .
occultation - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 occultation 268 the 139 and 126 a 77 she 75 her 68 of 60 to 60 i 58 in 49 he 47 it 44 you 41 his 38 was 35 on 30 that 30 said 28 what 28 with 25 for 23 like 21 over 18 i ' m 18 then 18 out 16 were 16 into 16 so 15 as 15 from 15 had 15 is 15 there 15 they 14 no 14 about 13 if 13 this 13 at 13 my 13 them 13 not 12 back 12 when 11 something 11 right 11 way 11 do n't 11 up 11 it 's 11 light 11 across 10 me 10 him 10 shadow 10 cigarette 10 head 10 around 9 by 9 could 9 an 9 bed 9 there 's 9 some 9 against 9 one 8 that 's 8 get 8 go 8 its 8 just 8 be 8 wall 8 mo 8 know 8 but 8 off 8 all 8 story 7 who 7 went 7 your 7 more 7 their 7 eyes 7 are 7 through 7 night 7 been 7 room 6 going 6 or 6 dark 6 little 6 you 're 6 now 6 got 6 time 6 bit 6 few 6 think 6 hell 6 arm 6 maybe 6 scary 6 here 6 body 6 dunno 6 do 6 hand 6 while 6 see 6 ca n't 6 thing 5 even 5 shit 5 earlier 5 came 5 desert 5 again 5 other 5 made 5 edge 5 until 5 lay 5 black 5 pack 5 honey 5 down 5 uncle 5 book 5 thought 5 shoulder 4 sleep 4 would 4 he 'd 4 want 4 those 4 turn 4 under 4 after 4 bible 4 why 4 another 4 yeah 4 baby 4 man 4 coyotes 4 too 4 tortoise 4 bottle 4 began 4 place 4 oh 4 getting 4 water 4 half 4 stars 4 thus 4 ass 4 between 4 did n't 4 weird 4 finally 4 window 4 leave 4 door 4 she 'd 3 sheets 3 blinds 3 matter 3 really 3 hear 3 talking 3 cigarettes 3 purse 3 flame 3 was n't 3 away 3 rod 3 move 3 we 3 great 3 kind 3 motel 3 did 3 any 3 look 3 part 3 where 3 only 3 probably 3 come 3 paper 3 toward 3 handed 3 ahead 3 glass 3 what 's 3 toilet 3 well 3 world 3 shot 3 tequila 3 pages 3 knew 3 nothing 3 lighted 3 old 3 girl 3 fingers 3 hate 3 anyway 3 bathroom 3 listening 3 every 3 family 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 happened 3 face 3 rock 3 might 3 started 3 outta 3 filipino 3 bucks 3 i 'd 3 deep 3 biggie 3 raised 3 though 3 kill 3 shore 3 worm 3 small 3 found 3 saw 2 dropped 2 belonged 2 wait 2 wo n't 2 wheel 2 breath 2 figured 2 drunk 2 already 2 marines 2 disgust 2 yellow 2 smacked 2 gentleman 2 icy 2 dug 2 drinking 2 relief 2 dunes 2 doing 2 third 2 boy 2 bottom 2 stuff 2 scrub 2 appear 2 pickup 2 never 2 many 2 dresser 2 god 2 crap 2 billy 2 damned 2 they 'd 2 alone 2 later 2 kept 2 poured 2 past 2 gave 2 our 2 grope 2 yep 2 end 2 than 2 highway 2 platoon 2 pissing 2 sure 2 pretty 2 lying 2 voice 2 prostate 2 inspection 2 sounds 2 left 2 knows 2 fucked 2 good 2 roll 2 last 2 next 2 almost 2 comical 2 drivers 2 big 2 flying 2 middle 2 else 2 playing 2 hiding 2 laughing 2 thumb 2 hundred 2 seemed 2 parents 2 nobody 2 clap 2 okay 2 frantic 2 office 2 ball 2 leaned 2 r 2 being 2 gravel 2 hers 2 hard 2 exhaled 2 also 2 coming 2 rica 2 chuckled 2 forth 2 wah 2 clerk 2 illumination 2 has 2 turned 2 guys 2 lamp 2 lot 2 fleshy 2 moved 2 pop 2 trying 2 above 2 lots 2 beak 2 check 2 naked 2 eye 2 told 2 spider 2 bar 2 fine 2 hide 2 watch 2 doors 2 meanwhile 2 shell 2 jeans 2 house 2 giant 2 need 2 does 2 outside 2 laugh 2 mom 2 tears 2 car 2 blankets 2 pants 2 pussy 2 stain 2 during 2 faint 2 have 2 mo 's 2 ears 2 opposite 2 whatever 2 caught 2 kicking 2 vending 2 pushed 2 care 2 yanked 2 case 2 we 're 2 jawbreaker 2 girls 2 cold 2 own 2 crawled 2 coyote 2 seat 2 thick 2 please 2 fucking 2 aside 2 couple 2 hands 2 spine 2 long 2 took 2 peephole 2 feel 2 second 2 leg 2 whether 2 three 2 apeshit 2 finished 2 find 2 let 2 wind 2 cover 2 will 2 quite 2 cause 2 tar 2 owe 2 moral 2 pitch 2 disturbing 2 cop 2 frequent 2 chain 2 put 2 incident 2 blotch 2 looked 2 taking 2 children 2 television 2 pulled 2 ever 2 machines 2 taxi 2 she 's 2 bored 2 sideways 2 done 2 got ta 2 idea 2 broad 2 costa 2 moving 2 gloom 2 sign 2 colony 2 laughed 2 enlarged 2 glowed 2 bibles 2 cried 2 shaking 2 floor 2 tried 2 noticed 2 size 2 side 2 town 2 short 2 volkswagen 2 anything 2 us 2 along 2 years 2 drop 2 lap 2 remained 1 descended 1 calm 1 strained 1 gray 1 twenty 1 fuck 1 steadily 1 super 1 can 1 wild 1 lunar 1 bushed 1 shin 1 cool 1 grunts 1 documentary 1 lies 1 resembled 1 gone 1 flopped 1 ran 1 goddamned 1 crown 1 fuckers 1 sink 1 squatted 1 stripper 1 musk 1 snicked 1 ear 1 item 1 knots 1 show 1 burr 1 spook 1 surprise 1 describing 1 ghost 1 echoing 1 cares 1 arms 1 drain 1 big - ass 1 redoubled 1 happy 1 nest 1 sidled 1 vast 1 bearing 1 nco 1 seconds 1 horns 1 real 1 set 1 torch 1 counting 1 antiquarians 1 white 1 rob 1 bats 1 dragged 1 cabinet 1 both 1 camels 1 barhopping 1 eventually 1 rushing 1 bleed 1 shut 1 nightstand 1 sloshed 1 pass 1 eating 1 sobbing 1 wet 1 chorus 1 anxious 1 object 1 creeped 1 huge 1 whorehouses 1 restlessly 1 reflections 1 tree 1 dumped 1 dilate 1 oblivious 1 behind 1 bad 1 chocolaty 1 ashes 1 haunted 1 patently 1 horrible 1 hairy 1 kay 1 smear 1 bills 1 foreign 1 bleeding 1 recommended 1 rigidly 1 bottles 1 we 'll 1 licks 1 save 1 foot 1 prime 1 who 'd 1 usual 1 squid 1 hope 1 husband 1 crappy 1 hmm 1 tail 1 chilly 1 booze 1 nope 1 fire 1 rolled 1 experience 1 beeline 1 entire 1 terrified 1 listened 1 hair 1 reared 1 melted 1 scandalized 1 cranium 1 walkway 1 smoking 1 dream 1 shaddup 1 near 1 shoot 1 dick 1 diameter 1 twitched 1 popped 1 deprivation 1 sublimely 1 lips 1 turning 1 act 1 unconscious 1 watching 1 sitting 1 stack 1 spilled 1 dare 1 carrion 1 match 1 bristled 1 wow 1 angular 1 account 1 running 1 faster 1 swept 1 wooooohooooo 1 begun 1 beyond 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 say 1 muffin 1 sec 1 pit 1 embedded 1 alcohol 1 whores 1 straddle - legged 1 semi 1 resemble 1 pisses 1 jack 1 cacophony 1 bug 1 kicked 1 fortunate 1 crabbing 1 determined 1 centipedes 1 scaring 1 moments 1 goes 1 notice 1 sparks 1 accepted 1 clanked 1 neck 1 dropping 1 scavenging 1 satisfy 1 x 1 without 1 pictures 1 thumped 1 manager 's 1 woman 1 landfill 1 grins 1 chair 1 bumpy 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 kid 's 1 eggs 1 shadows 1 slumped 1 someone 1 herself 1 smoke 1 crummy 1 grown 1 tracts 1 telling 1 onto 1 shack 1 unchivalrous 1 thud 1 boardwalk 1 spaces 1 nose 1 honky - tonk 1 breasts 1 start 1 cutting 1 trembled 1 notices 1 rubbed 1 occurrence 1 piss 1 convoluted 1 interstate 1 suck 1 awful 1 eight 1 doorknobs 1 dingo 1 soldiers 1 groped 1 blob 1 most 1 stop 1 craters 1 parking 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 offed 1 gangs 1 flight 1 fact 1 freaked 1 upon 1 sweep 1 blind 1 recall 1 waits 1 locals 1 mandibles 1 balanced 1 presumed 1 occultation 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 flat 1 heh - heh 1 flank 1 less 1 flounced 1 feeble 1 wastes 1 preternaturally 1 skull 1 unfortunately 1 swallows 1 frightened 1 cast 1 tricky 1 hit 1 glimmered 1 cheeks 1 palm 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 hanging 1 movies 1 rat 1 cooch 1 mumbled 1 plugging 1 chillier 1 halfway 1 wake 1 slack - jawed 1 sidetracked 1 craving 1 busy 1 souls 1 disliked 1 some - where 1 coconut 1 howling 1 smoldering 1 thieving 1 detected 1 somebody 1 venom - dripping 1 rapidly 1 wadding 1 venezuela 1 crumpling 1 whooping 1 shift 1 slur 1 mind 1 sibilant 1 pregnant 1 monstrously 1 bat 1 studying 1 carpet 1 pursued 1 design 1 harmony 1 slit 1 kids 1 boys 1 crock 1 spilling 1 view 1 ship 1 ahh 1 shamelessly 1 besides 1 thrill 1 bunched 1 guide 1 crazy 1 mad 1 bedroom 1 news 1 snuck 1 slumbered 1 is n't 1 strange 1 freaks 1 screwed 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 chloroformed 1 air 1 road 1 windows 1 sneaking 1 snookums 1 bedside 1 immediate 1 porn 1 forearm 1 dungeon 1 jesus 1 ominous 1 self - satisfaction 1 rocked 1 cowboy 1 clicked 1 byzantine 1 remember 1 toppled 1 summoned 1 how 1 slowly 1 drunken 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 grunt 1 far 1 sound 1 reaching 1 fallen 1 golden 1 cannibals 1 picnic 1 exhaustion 1 managing 1 ha 1 standing 1 sloughed 1 rise 1 awesome 1 fierce 1 skulls 1 camera 1 beatific 1 leper 1 ogling 1 shape 1 played 1 compulsion 1 illuminating 1 script 1 guess 1 ancient 1 fun 1 softening 1 fingertips 1 round 1 headboard 1 afraid 1 you 'll 1 would n't 1 internet 1 bulged 1 violently 1 teeth 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 tossed 1 closed 1 cry 1 visceral 1 animated 1 grunted 1 watches 1 uttered 1 high - way 1 boiled 1 days 1 keeps 1 agonized 1 muffled 1 pushing 1 throat 1 contributed 1 renting 1 corpse 1 panels 1 distant 1 corpsman 1 rusty 1 late - night 1 grabbed 1 crumbled 1 safe 1 mattresses 1 pointed 1 gettin ' 1 whisper 1 sieve 1 stick 1 pebbled 1 greenish 1 softly 1 partying 1 range 1 perhaps 1 whore - houses 1 bullshit 1 react 1 wanders 1 absent 1 bisected 1 terribly 1 bastard 1 idly 1 combined 1 thin 1 freak 1 psst 1 awakened 1 cozy 1 flapping 1 dancing 1 seal 1 shrugged 1 hmp 1 cracked 1 thank 1 upright 1 lonely 1 flesh 1 cow 1 melon 1 situation 1 tumblers 1 keeping 1 regardless 1 jungle 1 faced 1 south 1 surging 1 doubtless 1 front 1 bunch 1 things 1 swiped 1 engines 1 cloaked 1 holy 1 sorta 1 fingerprints 1 chick 1 reaches 1 poor 1 answered 1 schlep 1 far - off 1 waiting 1 build 1 kids - pretty 1 descending 1 gig 1 person 1 symmetry 1 hated 1 freezing 1 curled 1 dollar 1 glistened 1 sonofabitch 1 infomercials 1 helpless 1 fuming 1 reflecting 1 impossibly 1 everything 1 center 1 slipped 1 working 1 tale 1 discolored 1 wiped 1 coins 1 plied 1 vacancy 1 rip - off 1 knocks 1 atomic 1 downed 1 red 1 nimbus 1 gilt 1 predatory 1 wrapped 1 let 's 1 swell 1 itself 1 happens 1 mostly 1 hours 1 wavering 1 gulp 1 goddamn 1 romance 1 stalling 1 drink 1 darkness 1 urination 1 waving 1 whispered 1 collector 's 1 claws 1 grandiosity 1 raining 1 symbols 1 lopsided 1 beat - to - hell 1 contract 1 cocoon 1 stint 1 wiping 1 pressed 1 talk 1 howled 1 nam 1 post 1 easily 1 comes 1 bang 1 climbed 1 slobbering 1 savored 1 blundered 1 weak 1 according 1 rippled 1 specialized 1 whore 1 rotten 1 scored 1 pick 1 winding 1 main 1 upward 1 somewhere 1 life 1 moment 1 ping 1 odd 1 travolta 1 squinting 1 forepaws 1 shuddered 1 highly 1 visibly 1 carload 1 boulder 1 mouth 1 bucket 1 ago 1 mistake 1 lifts 1 slip 1 dead 1 together 1 cart 1 animal 1 hood 1 trace 1 barking 1 chill 1 yards 1 cheap 1 stared 1 cactus 1 pole 1 truly 1 poked 1 balls 1 lived 1 sane 1 sash 1 hates 1 lumpy 1 intimidated 1 answer 1 distance 1 currently 1 strippers 1 channel 1 frame 1 home 1 revealed 1 movement 1 lazy 1 bark 1 rednecks 1 gathered 1 breeze 1 become 1 snapped 1 history 1 seems 1 consideration 1 several 1 rest 1 purposeful 1 cursing 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 sip 1 forgot 1 scenario 1 thinking 1 heart 1 cig 1 blouse 1 america 1 fall 1 terror 1 docks 1 miles 1 wan na 1 forever 1 horror 1 neon 1 mothballs 1 forty - eight 1 hearing 1 thanks 1 enjoyed 1 two 1 silence 1 pillow 1 screw 1 crawlies 1 weight 1 shits 1 metallic 1 close 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 stupid - looking 1 testing 1 flexed 1 squeeze 1 greek 1 sprawling 1 module 1 border - line 1 muscles 1 tumbleweeds 1 talon 1 moist 1 sulking 1 one - ply 1 luckily 1 reasons 1 rule 1 still 1 direction 1 infected 1 skin 1 some - times 1 seeped 1 i 'll 1 whining 1 very 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 emphasis 1 moon 1 avoid 1 sweat 1 pee 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 exactly 1 hey 1 groaned 1 irate 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 blurry 1 mule 's 1 poisonous 1 primeval 1 sat 1 gi 1 bouncing 1 hanger 1 often 1 handfuls 1 ya 1 plum 1 brushing 1 waste 1 asleep 1 whiskey 1 prayed 1 felt 1 dispensed 1 there - she 'd 1 explanation 1 vd 1 turtle 1 hour 1 clattered 1 bj 1 shade 1 gon na 1 spot 1 murderer 1 smelled 1 bowling 1 solve 1 insect 1 parts 1 leaks 1 immobile 1 slid 1 dinner 1 prehistoric 1 intermittent 1 dose 1 slashes 1 saturated 1 philippines 1 beetle 1 am 1 rumbled 1 latched 1 draped 1 riffling 1 whorls 1 sonofagun 1 tripping 1 hole 1 drew 1 pocket 1 swung 1 howl 1 that 'd 1 sunless 1 gods 1 backward 1 paleozoic 1 crunch 1 coalesce 1 stetson 1 fellows 1 watched 1 vengeance 1 scurrying 1 grinning 1 dude 1 gim me 1 species 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 apparently 1 somewhat 1 rubbing 1 ready 1 dreams 1 pills 1 scurry 1 oily 1 pale 1 covered 1 bicep 1 sulk 1 wasted 1 stranded 1 knees 1 luster 1 antiquarian 1 blubbering 1 slightly 1 empty 1 oblong 1 shook 1 guy 1 true 1 loosely 1 woman 's 1 grabs 1 scared 1 beneath 1 reached 1 jackals 1 incoherencies 1 stark 1 fashion 1 trailing 1 quivered 1 could n't 1 creepy 1 called 1 tarantulas 1 wallpaper 1 unnatural 1 machine 1 adjusted 1 preoccupied 1 does n't 1 kiddin ' 1 avoiding 1 far - out 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 speculation 1 jerk 1 pipes 1 lungs 1 locked 1 whacking 1 drank 1 game 1 staring 1 gripped 1 ask 1 ick 1 training 1 betcha 1 blatting 1 held 1 headlights 1 tits 1 y'know 1 minute 1 centipede 1 shooters 1 wings 1 fell 1 peanuts 1 once 1 cursed 1 smokes 1 these 1 rhythmically 1 heavy 1 headed 1 drove 1 relaxed 1 interrupted 1 ate 1 chasers 1 manila 1 either 1 clammy 1 chase 1 general 1 quiet 1 closer 1 club 1 promptly 1 tell 1 massive 1 eats 1 ax 1 finders - keepers 1 cloud 1 blank 1 enough 1 dingoes 1 lurch 1 forage 1 looking 1 chance 1 pong 1 favored 1 unspooled 1 name 1 scout 1 motherfucker 1 simply 1 strangle 1 snore 1 fumbled 1 thumbed 1 whiskey - soaked 1 perkins 1 oozed 1 glasses 1 where 'd 1 hooker 1 burn 1 huh 1 momentarily 1 grandiose 1 blacker 1 immune 1 unfiltered 1 hopped 1 bought 1 snack 1 owww 1 blazed 1 hips 1 floorboards 1 hugged 1 couple 's 1 plotting 1 party 1 shamble 1 times 1 sergeant 1 slithered 1 checked 1 cigs 1 motels 1 high 1 anthony 1 defiled 1 modulated 920 .
he 'd swooped in and picked her up in his arms , carrying her like a golden - haired sack of potatoes dressed in a polyester - blend fish tail and plastic coconut bikini cups .
you / they had made a small escort of coconut and fruits you launch found in the wood .
i was at the fair , throwing tennis balls at a coconut next to an unhappy man in a clown costume , all because i desperately wanted to win a stuffed unicorn .
he grunted and helped me packed my bags , more baking supplies , chocolate chips , raisins , coconuts , walnuts , flour , and sugar .
there were beautiful palm trees laden with coconuts and an unusual looking tropical bird coasting overhead .
they were sure to have brought two pans of homemade chocolate chip coconut bars to share with everyone .
maybe using some coconuts and paper clips .
though billy kept saying that he could improve it , if only he had those coconuts .
trying to work up the saliva with which to swallow her bite of coconut and chocolate goodness , lorie tried to make peace with the truth .
yes , coconut milk .
the man pulled the coconut away from her lips .
the man took the coconut away again .
he put the coconut on the ground beside her .
he took a piece of coconut and started munching on it .
` ` and i 'll leave this coconut for you when you can stomach it .
the meal he ' made ' was something she would have expected to eat as a castaway on gilligan 's island : coconuts , juicy red round berries which tasted tart but good , and ( yuck ) smoked fish .
the happiness of having something to eat besides berries , coconuts and fish would soon end .
let 's see you get some coconuts , huh ? ''
` ` if you do your coconut tree dance , they just might . ''
yes , you will spend an endless vacation with a lifetime supply of flesh - craving insects and delicious , unreachable coconuts .
and the coconuts , she could n't kid herself into thinking there was an icecube 's chance in hell climbing fifty feet .
dick went out , caught some fish and retrieved some coconuts .
how he taught her to catch fish and coconuts and pick edible berries .
they passed a market that was closed a pile of coconuts like shrunken heads seen back - to were piled against the window .
the light flakey crust holding the still warm coconut cream filling topped off with the meringue topping melted inside my mouth .
mysterious blood puddles appear on the tiles and every full moon a small boy materialises on the balcony , his head smashed in so passing tourists can see what is left of his brain matter exposed like the inside of a coconut . ''
cuddy would have probably made a career of organic farming if he had nt gone a step too far and tried to sell locally grown organic coconuts for $ 27 each .
seth ( contd ) ( to himself ) he could make a pedal car out of bamboo and a radio out of coconuts but not a boat .
he had stopped there a few times for coconuts on his way to tubmanburg .
it would explain for one why the children were always doing the same welcome dance , and presenting them with coconuts on the same circular wicker tray every time .
maybe he had been distracted by the coconuts all along , or by those semi - narcotic cola nuts he sometimes liked to nibble on .
taste the goodness of liberian fruit , another proudly attested , with an image of a boy handing a coconut to a grateful old man .
as though signifying the moment of chaos with the clapping of cymbals , i raised my shackled hands and introduced the forehead of marci 's coconut to that of courier 's .
i never really noticed how she seemed to glow tonight and she smelled like coconuts aside from the hint of her drink .
when the band struck up and alan breeze began to sing , i ve got a lovely bunch of coconuts or there s an awful lot of coffee in brazil , it was time to get down from the table if we had finished our bread and butter pudding .
hastily abandoning four snorkers sizzling and singing in hot fat , he made a frantic bee line , tripped over coconut matting and snatched a receiver .
a lovely bunch of coconut ( s ) -water .
tom lay his ruby red slippers over the failed superhero in the elevator and sat down on his favourite coconut opposite the family 's 1880 vampire hunting kit .
by the time tom had finished saying ' supercalifragilisticexpialidocious ' , suzie 'd brought in his cup of tea and sewed it with needle and thread to the bug zapper on the side of tom 's coconut .
` ` it 's ... it 's a coconut cake for easter . ''
` ` who the hell makes a coconut cake for easter ? ''
clemente sipped some coconut milk with his straw .
naomi smiled , taking the saoco coconut from clarity before she could taste the cocktail .
ah , there you are , cowering behind the coconut cream .
my mom made the gumbo as she promised plus a pineapple coconut cake .
she had a picnic basket full of fried chicken , country ham biscuits , potato salad , snap peas , and coconut cake .
kate : ill have a pia colada , heavy on the coconut , and do nt forget the little umbrella .
i look like a teletubby , he once proclaimed to perry as he disposed of a coconut truffle .
` ` chocolate coconut .
poop rolled in cat litter will look suggestive of chocolate rolled in coconut . ''
at the funfair , filippa had won a prize of a coconut , while oksana had once won a balloon .
there were free coconuts : pineapples and bananas cost pennies .
the sun , breeze and salt water dehydration drove us up into the trees to sit in the shade and drink coconut milk sante , peace in thai , and anothai , hacked some coconuts open , we all drank .
the sun , breeze and salt water dehydration drove us up into the trees to sit in the shade and drink coconut milk sante , peace in thai , and anothai , hacked some coconuts open , we all drank .
some people liked the young , green coconuts , no one ate the old , brown ones .
i made sure our hatchet was in plain view in our pack when anothai flourished his curved coconut knife .
sante said that he was educated in bangkok , taught school on ko samui , but decided to give it all up and grow coconuts instead .
they waft food smells over us mixed with the ever present tang of boiling coconut oil .
she washed her hair with a special coconut oil and slept in a closet .
he craned his long neck over bunnus shoulder and his coconut - shaped head dangled and bobbed as though hanging from a thin branch .
he craned his neck over again and bunnu could now see that despite his little coconut head , the man was rather tall and slim like a stick figure .
the man behind him at the assemblythe tall stick figure with the small coconut head and the mountain accentspoke of a tunnel .
i sometimes wanted comparable to those a pregnant woman and suddenly desire of coconut had come me .
gianca has put on in hand yes a walnut of product but a walnut of coconut .
kane obliged , unconscious of his obedience , ricocheting the liquid bullet between his cheeks , through his teeth and under his tongue , a taste of coconut and sesame .
mouth freshened with coconut flavor , kane walked forth to the beat of the drum and the whistle of the ney , guided by rhythm , living their voice in the chill of the night .
add your can of coconut milk .
he could smell the soft , sweet fragrance of amelias hair , he could taste the faint flavor of coconut and peppermint from her lip balm .
she leaned in , smelled like coconut , must have been whatever she used on her hair or a body scrub , i wondered if she wore it for me though i doubted it , why would she ever do anything for the convenience store clerk .
forgotten too was the name once his , and his wisdom and beauty tanned now brown as a coconut husk at that time the envy of all .
slices of mountaintops , snatches of river valleys , and copious coconut trees bombarded isaiahs vision .
how many coconuts can you put into an empty sack ?
his eyes rest briefly on my coconut shell bra in a disapproving way , then he peers over my shoulder to try and see what is going on inside .
said miss jennifer , sinking her teeth into the grated coconut delicacy .
however , these littoral stalwarts not only sustained themselves but they provided so much for the life of the islanders : sennet for binding building materials , vitamin - rich coconut milk and flesh , drinking vessels and moreover , that unique tonsured fringe around the islands which was the icon of the tourist industry .
she prepared two containers of coconut milk for the climb and they set off in mutual relief .
her time in the archive office had made her aware of fatalities from falling coconuts comparable on a per capita basis with road accidents in industrialised countries .
it was worth missing the ferry after all , said dinah as she placed her empty coconut on the ground .
he finally found a tap over a dirty basin and thought nostalgically of the refreshing coconut milk ; for a moment he was tempted to cup his hand under the tap to slake his acute thirst but he knew it was too risky .
when dinah came the next day in her flexible lunch hour she brought two drinking coconuts and some papaya which min craved , as she said .
she was escorted down to the large dining room where drinking coconuts and their straws were placed on the table and jupeli and his father were sitting in the solid wooden chairs so characteristic of domestic furniture .
mr kolose stood up and shook pollys hand and jupeli went to the table to distribute the coconuts .
early in the morning polly woke to a familiar sound and she presumed it was jupeli outside sitting on the plastic chair rhythmically scraping a coconut for the special sunday meal .
fono gave min and peter two pineapples and drinking coconuts and before they said goodbye , peter broached the idea of meeting in town .
we 'll cook it in coconut milk ! ''
vidal asked the bartender for a saigon beer , and kim ordered a fresh coconut .
they would sit in the shade of the coconut grove and drink the cool , refreshing juice as if it were some kind of love potion .
she would just go and walk around in the night market , maybe get a smoked squid on a stick , then get a fresh coconut and enjoy that on the beach .
ivan looked up and observed the coconut fruits hanging above him , contemplated leaving his post , but decided to stay put .
ana lay down under a coconut tree and breathed in and out deeply several times in an attempt to cleanse herself of her past .
it was a ring that he had made by weaving coconut leaves together while ana was asleep .
the booths boasted goods such as coconuts , flowers , rice and other necessities for the forgetful worshiper .
vikrams voice , warm and soothing , while he rubbed her back with coconut oil .
he took her inshort , her head reaching only his shoulder , her small hands , delicate like the rest of her , her waist - length braid neatly plaited and shiny with coconut oil .
whoever he was wore some kind of strong coconut aftershave and changed his voice a number of times .
i loved the smell of the ocean as well as the coconut and pineapple smells of lotions and oils .
the best thing about baking was that little tasks like grating fresh coconut were the perfect way to relax and escape all of the days other stresses .
before she knew it , she had more than double what she needed for the coconut frosting .
tropical coconut drinks with little pink umbrellas .
soft steelpan music seeped out of hidden speakers and a delicious coconut scent tickled my nose .
in the center a large mirror plate supported elizabeths huge snow ball cake that was covered in coconut , surrounded by a hundred cupcakes decorated in the same way .
she had done the same thing once when explaining why the folks on gilligans island could nt exist there and continue to have unspoiled clothing , coconuts that worked like radios , and people who wandered in like it was grand central station .
the corridors were all alike and decorated in the same style as the other floors with their coconut matting in dark beige and white walls , except for one thing .
he walked along , his shoes making no sounds on the dark beige coconut matting that lined the hall , arrived at his door , touched the keys on the pad , the door buzzed , clicked , it opened , he went inside .
another coconut mushroom found its way into her mouth .
the soda fountain lined the right - hand wall , past the glass - top counter filled with racks of tapes and cds , the lower case with trays of chocolate fudge and coconut bonbons .
ted said , ` ` i 'd set up a coconut , but maybe they ' ve got something in the crime lab that makes a better human head than that . ''
the four men were engaged in an animated debate about whether a coconut or a bale of hay was a better target .
strain and squeeze out every drop of butter from the mash , and soak it up into dry shredded coconut .
the coconut goes into the cookies .
approaching the coconut grove ballroom , i could hear the rumble and screams of the big dipper roller coaster behind me .
claire was sipping the last of a coconut drink when big drums intruded on her thoughts with a rhythm that promised exotic excitement .
they were hungry , of course , and natalie had at least brought a large platter of coconut squares .
he always reminds me of hot chocolate and caramels in the winter , or the coconut smell of tanning lotion and the tang of barbecue in the summer .
not enough coconut for german chocolate pie .
` ` tastes like coconut . ''
it was just like i remembered , a mixture of coconut and pineapple and maybe some other fruity shit .
her scent reminded me of a warm night on the beach , the fresh air mixed with a hint of ocean sea breeze and coconuts .
her clean coconut scent was intoxicating , and i could n't help but kiss my way over to her earlobe , nibbling on it a bit .
i picked it up and read it out loud , ` ` coconut island quench moisturizing body wash with coconut oil for soft , smooth - feeling skin . ''
after staring at the shelf for a good five minutes , willing a bar of irish spring to show up , i poured the damn coconut shit in my hand and rubbed it all over my body .
i used her coconut shampoo in my hair as i decided i would be packing an emergency kit in my car , complete with soap and shampoo for men .
and why in the hell do you smell like coconut ? ''
` ` so i was just making some of those coconut cookies for steve 's work party and i thought i might send some up to you .
` ` we have fire , and vera was able to find us some coconuts last night .
he nodded at team four 's shocked faces and banged a gavel against a coconut .
dean was still nowhere to be seen , and i stared longingly at my coconuts , still covered in the tough green casing .
it gave me a twinge of guilt to see that , and i approached slowly , still holding my coconut .
i hefted the axe and examined my coconut , trying to determine the best way to open it .
` ` i ' m starving and this coconut is going into my stomach in the next five minutes or i am going to have to go after small woodland creatures with this axe .
` ` i saw the other coconut you left out for me last night - thanks . ''
i moved back a couple of feet so he could split open my coconut for me , but still hovered nearby , watching closely .
with easy , sure movements , he peeled the green husk from the coconut and used one tip of the axe to chop a hole at the top of the coconut and then held it out to me .
with easy , sure movements , he peeled the green husk from the coconut and used one tip of the axe to chop a hole at the top of the coconut and then held it out to me .
it took everything i had to hold out the coconut and offer him a drink .
i tipped my head back and finished draining the coconut , disappointed when it was empty and i had to hand it back .
when i 'd pried the last ounce of coconut from the empty husk and licked my fingers clean - gritty sand and all - i watched dean for a moment more .
by the time he returned , i had a notch cut into the wood and had started setting everything back up again - wood , coconut fluff for tinder , and the leaf itself .
it flared and we hastily shoved the fire - making sticks aside , adding more bits of dried coconut husks to try and keep it going .
even after a belly full of coconut , i was still weak and shaky and he looked exhausted too .
her partner was juggling two coconuts in his arms and held them out as we approached .
` ` we have food , '' will added , holding up the coconuts .
they were probably desperate for something to drink that did n't come out of a coconut .
i probably stank of eucalyptus and coconut and sea salt .
i supposed it was just as well that dean was n't interested in me ; i mourned as i picked rice kernels out of my breakfast bowl ( made from a coconut half ) and licked them off my fingers .
once we 'd gotten one written on the back of a coconut , and the challenge was coconut bowling ( which we 'd done terribly at , and not on purpose ) .
the scent was coconut - something i was a little tired of - but i did n't care .
i knew that he never wanted to eat another coconut in his life .
my lemon coconut slice was popular on the melbourne uni circuit because it had the perfect ratio of biscuit base to lemon icing and had a tart chewy crunch that almost made your toes curl .
moving to tahiti and selling coconut juice from a beachside trailer ? ''
because , really , everyone knows you have n't lived until you ' ve sold overpriced , water - downed coconut juice to wealthy tourists from a sweltering tin - can of a trailer . ''
even his shampoo and conditioner was designed for male only use so instead of my normal coconut and lime i ended up with hair that smelled like sandalwood and spice .
` ` it 's coconut chemicals , '' i whispered back .
adele crooned from the speakers , and the scents of coconut and chocolate drifted around her in puffs of steam .
he slipped his finger into his mouth and tasted the scent of her shampoo , coconut papaya with a hint of vanilla .
as my tongue darted into his mouth , i could taste the coconut liquor on his lips , and i drank him in .
she smelled like coconut suntan lotion , and her deeply tanned skin seemed to glow with health and vitality .
she smells like coconut , ocean , and sun .
` ` coconut shrimp ! ''
` ` well ... i 'll ... i 'll just- '' madge interrupted them with a plate of hot coconut shrimp and one of fried green tomatoes .
josie laughed and grabbed two coconut shrimp and put them on her little plate , careful to use the pads of her fingers .
she 'd only eaten one coconut shrimp and now the other one was gone .
you have most of the coconut shrimp and two billionaires in your bed making you coffee .
followed , probably , by lots of tears and an extra order of coconut shrimp or a hot fudge sundae .
` ` maybe you 'll get a fighting chance at some of those coconut shrimp now that she shat out the football , '' madge laughed to josie , a conspirator 's smile on her face .
he shoved an enormous coconut shrimp into his mouth , and gestured for dylan to continue .
` ` you 're the only thing standing between a plate or ten of coconut shrimp and that table , bud , '' madge said .
` ` this is amazing , '' he said as trevor grunted in assent and shoved what must have been his fourth or fifth coconut shrimp in his mouth .
one coconut shrimp at a time .
` ` two coconut shrimps , two pieces of the pie , and ... '' laura looked at josie , who shrugged .
` ` give up coconut shrimp and key lime ?
it was like she 'd been deserted on an island , had n't seen another human being in ten years and was beside herself with joy that she finally had more than a coconut to talk to .
tracing back up , the pads of his fingers massaged my scalp , sending scents of coconut to envelope us in a tropical world .
we have toiled long into the week , cutting down trees , gathering logs and coconut fronds to help make the villagers a wooden community hall on stilts - and it was worth every drop of our sweat .
we will make love on the sands and drink from coconut husks and live like the beautiful , beautiful natives .
dennis stretched on a lounge chair , sipping one of those resort drinks from a coconut with a dark - eyed lanky brunette by his side , or perhaps a blue - eyed blonde .
drinks i can sip out of a coconut or pineapple and are loaded up with rum .
after a pleasant lunch of shrimp in coconut cream sauce and molasses cake for dessert , they sought out the shade of the verandah to ward off the afternoon heat .
the whites of his eyes were angry red and bloodshot causing her to back against the trunk of a coconut tree in fear for her life with a look of stark terror marring her features .
he was jubilant to discover that lynna valued his opinions , listening intently as he explained everything from shooting a bow and arrow to opening a coconut .
after lighting the wall torches , she prepared a delicious lunch of oyster stew using coconut milk .
she then handed him half of a cut open coconut .
the sun would shimmer off of the coconut oil i was slowly rubbing over my arms .
tara asked , once they were set up with coconut shells filled with some type of rum concoction .
mid sip of her coconut cocktail , tara began to choke .
joe 's hair smelled like lance 's own favorite shampoo , a coconut one that joe 'd always claimed smelled like sunscreen .
well , when he builds a radio out of coconuts and the world ends , ill step up to take the blame .
you ate the coconut .
i put ground roasted cashew nuts , coconut flakes , finely grated carrots , a pinch of crystallized ginger and cinnamon into the cake .
the frosting and filling between the layers is cream cheese with cream of coconut and some more nuts .
he detected a warm vanilla scent with caramel and coconut undertones , melissas signature fragrance .
` ` coconut milk .
after a quick shower , she finished the contents of a bottle of tropical coconut and lime scented lotion .
i lean into her personal space one last time to inhale her vanilla - coconut scent .
she always came home smelling like coconut .
they have the best coconut shrimp , which i m dying for maria you ve got to get past this not wanting to revisit places you ve been to with him .
my parents house was scented with coconut candles on every sill , along with little knickknacks from our childhood .
in the end , i ordered moqueca de camaro , a dish of shrimp with coconut and palm oil , while gabriel ordered vatap , or fishy cream , and victor ordered a conservative salad .
he s the only sane person here , even though he is the one heading this coconut club .
she described the resort with the savory coconut drinks , the fun ocean waves , and most of all , the romantic evenings when they shared kisses by moonlight .
it went up and flew a spiral pattern , like a jet coming in for landing , as i sipped on a frozen coconut drink and wondered where my husband was .
each chunk of my days and nights blended fabulously with the next like the ingredients in one of mammas famous fresh coconut cakes .
exquisite truffles peppered with coconut or crushed almond .
when the window came down , a mixture of salt air and the scent of coconut wafted into the mercedes .
the aroma of coffee mixed with coconut carried kira back to that morning she first met ian .
it smelled creamy , like coconut .
i wo nt be surprised if i find you somewhere in the world , on one of my trips , totally gone native , surfing day and night , hair bleached out , and tanned like a coconut .
i leaned against the washer and inhaled his faint scent of coconut .
peeking at some of the toiletries on his counter , i discovered his expensive coconut shampoo .
he smelled liked coconuts and white sandy beaches .
i gave him a quick hug good night , inhaled his coconut scent , and thanked him for bringing me .
the smell of antiseptic filled the air , but another odor infiltrated my senses as bennett moved confidently through the space : coconuts .
i wanted to inhale his coconut scent , map every inch of his skin with my tongue , and hear my name tumble from his lips again when i made him come undone .
just then , madge appeared with the potato pancakes and a huge , steaming pile of coconut shrimp .
her thousand - mile stare bore through laura , who pulled her eyes away to look down and see the last coconut shrimp on the plate .
madge appeared with their coconut shrimp .
` ` mmmm , '' josie groaned as she munched on her coconut shrimp .
` ` her coconut shampoo ?
she leaps from the seat and presses herself against me , wrapping her arms around my neck , her skin smelling like coconut and perfume .
we swim to the spot over there and then the guy gives us soda in a coconut , '' trevor said , trembling with his excitement .
moving his head down her neck , he tasted a slight hint of coconut on her skin .
simon grabbed a coconut off the shelf and lopped the top off with a huge knife from the meat department .
` ` dr . drew , '' he said , holding the coconut out to drew , who took a pint of rum from his hip pocket and splashed some in the shell .
` ` down this , '' simon said , handing the coconut to lash .
the animals chanted ` ` kill the pig '' until lash had downed the whole drink , coconut milk and rum washing streams though his beard of suds at the corners of his mouth .
by the time reese walked into the house at six o'clock , the kitchen was redolent with the scent of coconut milk , chicken , curry and yogurt .
they 'd used coconut milk , she guessed , allowing herself to be momentarily distracted .
at nine o'clock , after coffee and a dessert of fresh fruit and coconut ice cream , they left with profuse thanks to the owners and staff .
she 'd bake her usual coconut cake , too .
the coconut cake took three days and started with fresh coconut , but the result was worth all the effort .
she wanted to bake a coconut cake using a recipe charlotte rhodes had generously shared .
she left the table and returned with the dessert plates and silverware , then went back into the kitchen to carry out the four - layer coconut cake .
` ` first you start with a fresh coconut . ''
a half hour later , they sat in the pancakepalace with large slices of coconut cream pie and coffee .
but she might as well have indulged in that coconut cream delight for all the good it 'd done her to go without .
olivia and grace remained steadfastly loyal to coconut cream - and to each other .
justine wondered if her grandmother would share her recipe for coconut cake , a longtime family favorite .
` ` is n't that where you got your fabulous coconut cake recipe ?
teri made a pot of coffee while christie sliced the homemade coconut cake .
she 'd probably bring them each a slice of coconut cream pie , as well .
for years olivia and grace had attended a wednesday - night aerobics class , followed by coconut pie and coffee .
` ` coconut cream ? ''
` ` i 'll bring you anything but coconut cream , '' she said , eyeing olivia and grace .
the next time they met at the pancake palace , grace intended to make olivia pay for her coconut cream pie .
even her special homemade coconut cake did n't interest him , and that was highly unusual .
` ` or a piece of coconut cream pie . ''
` ` your coconut cake is probably the best i ' ve ever tasted . ''
if i do n't stop burping up the sweet sauce from the coconut , i ' m going to lose my mind .
` ` well , ma'am , the cat somehow escaped out of your room and is now in one of the nearby coconut trees .
` ` you want me to shimmy up a coconut tree ?
she rolled in , carrying a tray on which sat three coconut shells topped with neon - colored umbrella party straws .
` ` you put the lime in the coconut and drink 'em both up - whoa , long faces .
she extended a coconut with a bobbing pink umbrella .
gabbe jumped up and seized the coconut first , giving its contents a sniff .
she gave luce the coconut with the blue straw .
she was double - fisting the coconut drinks and laying her head on luce 's shoulder .
she patted the foot of the bed for penn and handed her what was left in her frosty coconut .
hearing the attendant 's voice , arriane and penn cringed , then scrambled to stash the coconut shells under the bed .
she tried to blame it on being tired , to having eaten a piece of coconut cake at eleven - thirty , but she knew she was fooling herself .
his family was throwing him a huge party tonight with homemade tamales and his grandmother 's coconut yoyos - which were so special , they did n't even sell them in the family bakery .
maybe she 'd see if kevin had some coconut in his cupboards .
place into large bowl : 2 cups maraschino cherries , sliced in half 2 cups chopped dates 2 cups pineapple tidbits , well drained 1 cup coconut 2 cups walnuts 2 cups pecan halves 2 12 oz .
note : if you use and a half cup candied fruit , and a half cup flaked coconut and 1 cup candied pineapple instead of 2 cups candied fruit , the cake has a tropical taste .
nearby , on the small plastic table in the corner of the balcony , an open bottle of suntan oill released the faint smell of coconut .
hopefully , the way his luck was going , a coconut would n't fall and crack open his head .
around thatched food containers sat cracked coconuts filled with salads , tomato flowerets and frangipani leis .
instead she reached for a coconut to spoon salad onto her plate , and cole eased out the breath he 'd held .
they had the ruddiness of people who had been out in the sun and wind all day , and brought with them the coconut scent of sunscreen lotion .
the exotic kick of coconut .
if i ran my tongue over you , would you taste like chocolate and coconut ? ''
the scent of rich coconut and mocha drifted from her skin .
the delicious scent of coconut and musk and sex hit his nostrils .
the scent of fresh rain , coconut and female swarmed his senses .
he kissed her deep and the rich scent of coconut from her body cream rose to his nostrils .
he breathed in the exotic scent of coconut from her hair and savored the moment .
do you mind if i have the one with coconut ?
the scent of coconuts filled her nostrils as he massaged her with long , slow strokes across her shoulders and down her spine .
the slurping sound made him think of sex , and the strong scent of coconuts made him think of sex .
and then finally , we have a key lime pie made with a crushed , flaked coconut crust . ''
nicky wore that outrageous coconut bra , and halfway through the song you all were laughing so hard you could n't finish . ''
riley follows me to the kitchen , where i pull out a coconut water from the small fridge .
it was warmer here than he remembered , scented with coconut , and completely intoxicating .
when she unlocked the kitchen door and opened it , harlan and gloria were both sitting at the kitchen table , demolishing thick slices of tansy 's coconut cake .
leaving gloria and harlan still sputtering their rage into the coconut cake , roanna dragged herself up the stairs .
the rich , moist , four - layer chocolate , coconut and walnut cake lived up to its name of chocolate ecstasy .
he was carrying alea 's mesh laundry bag , which he 'd appropriated earlier when he 'd left on his quest to gather coconuts .
i found the bottle of coconut tanning oil i 'd brought and squirted some into my palm .
the scent of coconut surrounded us as i worked my hand up and down his cock .
i could n't help but notice the light scent of coconut oil was still on my skin and i smiled a sleepy grin .
i just wish we had that damn coconut oil . ''
as the water turned warm , he eased the stopper down and added a bit of some exotic bath oil with a hint of coconut and musk before turning to her .
the scent of coconut and almond fills the bathroom as i shampoo quickly .
beep times a thousand plus composted garbage delivered by guys who only eat paleo diets and who think mashed dates in coconut milk are ` ` dessert '' is a kind of math problem that makes me shut down .
or a drink with an umbrella in a coconut ? ''
she sipped her fruit juice , the blend bursting along her taste buds with a hint of coconut , her senses hyperaware since rowan kissed her .
she loved the local caribbean cuisine with its emphasis on vibrant seasonings and regional staples such as coconut , plantain and yam .
lia asked with a giggle before she picked up her coconut cocktail and leaned back , taking a long sip .
she used her favorite coconut body wash , knowing that it was rafe 's favorite , then rubbed herself from head to toe with its companion lotion .