as the sea breeze blew inland , the coconut palms bordering the sand waved and bowed as if in greeting .
just the sun , the sea , the sand , the coconut trees and an obliging bartender . '
hell , we can even get you a batch of your own coconut bra pictures . ''
the canvas was a material that naturally came off the palms around the coconut bunches .
climbing over the stone wall at the end of the paddock , we enter a tropical plantation with banana and papaya trees growing in the shade of coconut and tall mango trees .
after a little while they reached the western suburbs , and a few minutes after that they left the town and were driving through a coconut plantation .
her unconscious body was still in ricks arms , lying in the shade of the coconut palm near the waters edge .
he focused his attention to the wide row of coconut trees that spanned the edge of the rice fields .
already , even though it was barely five in the afternoon , the shades of the coconut grove were becoming darker .
he looked to the distant coconut grove and squinted his eyes for added effect before speaking .
grassy fields filled the gaps , while masses of languid coconut palms fringed the pristine , silky beaches .
he carefully climbed down from the cave and was pleased to find a coconut tree just a few feet away that had a few mature nuts on it .
of course , we have boxes of them in the cargo hold , robinson replied , you d be far better drinking the coconut water than that boiled water from the rain barrel .
shawn quipped as sally swung the jeep round a stand of coconut trees .
the ocean waves i am swimming on right now are gentle and beautiful ones indeed , carrying me tenderly toward an exotic island full of coconut trees and half - naked girls ( half - naked being preferable to naked , thus retaining the pleasurable anticipation of being involved in making one or more of them naked of later on ) .
at its edge , behind a row of coconut trees , started the plantings of what looked like a small farm .
they continued forward through the narrow opening in between tall forested bastions of rock into a lagoon of crystal waters , ringed by ivory beaches and lush coconut and date palms .
release coconut bomb one !
most of them are totally invisible but there 's a few empty jerseys in the szabo colours of navy and maroon vertical stripes playing soccer or lazing under coconut palms .
he modeled his ascent on the method south sea natives use in climbing coconut trees , knees high , body arched out , feet gripping at the rope , arms curled around it , fingers clutching .
shopping malls in beverly hills , coconut grove , boca raton , and palm beach ?
there were information conduits on saint andrews that fat charlie , who , on some level believed that coconut palms and cellular telephones ought to be mutually exclusive , had not expected .
out the window , she saw a large porch that opened onto a deserted beach - not the pristine , well - kept kind you saw at resorts , but the type you might find on a real deserted island - a rough , unkempt beach , littered with coconuts , tree bark , tropical plants , and here and there , dead fish that had washed up from last night 's violent rain and high tide .
` ` they also have wild - growing coconut and mango trees and a freshwater spring , '' malik added .
having spent his childhood in south africa , khamisi was well familiar with the superstitions , whispers of monsters that haunted and hunted the jungles : the ndalawo , a howling man - eater of the uganda forest ; the mbilinto , an elephant - size hippo of the congo wetlands ; the mngwa , a furry lurker of coastal coconut groves .
coconut palms dotted the sand , and the sweet scent of flowers wafted in the breeze .
honey my name is word around coconut grove i m pretty sure she knows , and if not it wo nt take her long in order to find out .
there were nt many run down houses in coconut grove but you knew one when you came across one .
they liked it here it was different from the rest of coconut grove and so them being drawn to this area was a given .
according to the document hanks family lived right here in coconut grove , a beach house not far from where she lived .
ryder comes down to the station whenever he contemplates leaving coconut grove ; he pulled the stunt many , many times .
no specific gender is targeted , no limits on age range , no specifics in appearance , the only similarities would have to be where they are being dumped which is nt all that telling seeing as though coconut grove is nt all that big of hiding place unless you hide bodies under beach sand which would be too telling , or in water which is checked and cleaned daily since people swim in it , bottom line being the bodies have nt been hidden once dumped , not all that well i suppose but we find them behind restaurant trash bins , an owner or whoever is left at the restaurant has contacted me but was nt able to tell me when the bodies were place there or who placed them there , whether it was male or female , no one knows anything .
there was one wall to her right that was covered with a map of coconut grove ryder did nt know what for but she had barely paid it any attention so he decided to go take a look at it .
fronds stuck out of the trunk , half a coconut bulged in the bark , and roots sprang from the crown .
her apartment was in the last building on the right , next to a grove of coconut trees riddled with beer cans , cigarette butts , and other discarded trash .
xanthus gently pushed her and her wheelchair across a sidewalk lined with coconut trees .
behind them was a thick , darkening grove of coconut trees .
coconut palms lined the sides of the lane and towered over them .
while tenderizing the rabbit in a pot of boiling water , he climbed a coconut tree effortlessly .
because metre high coconuts on legs do nt have the physical wherewithal to be wallabies !
coconut palms and bamboo clumps seemed very much in place here , a backdrop of misty and smoke covered hills .
passing through countryside which was dotted in coconut palms and small fields of rice and corn , stands of bananas , papaya and possibly peanuts or whatever plant that choose that place to put its feet into , knowing it would grow and yield .
he walked away from the canal toward a village set within coconut palms and cassia trees , some in golden flower .
wil witnessing a magnificent vista expanding in front of him sweeping across a plain of rice paddies patch - working their way in the morning sun towards the hills beyond , a vista of rice paddies , coconuts and thatched shelters , and people scattered within , tending to their crops of rice .
here he was now within a place , a place beside fields of rice and tree canopied laneways , of thatched houses tucked away within trees and coconut palms , bananas , papaya and mango , the sun strong on the ground , and shadows dark under the canopy .
luxurious living by the sea in a good balanced climate , and a place where the hotel guests from their room could look out to sea in front and turn around to look at rice paddies , coconut palms and luxurious forests of the inland .
the largest picture was a group of laughing and smiling men , dressed in vacation clothes , posing under a coconut palm outside a hotel .
the unkept coconut trees were the prime vegetation of the island and pieter was glad that they had not been hit too much by the storm .
the silence from last night was replaced with an alternating crashing of falling coconuts , the whistling and twittering of birds against the background of the surf .
this is because children in takoradi are never taught to swim , they just know how to swim and along with this recreational sport its difficult for ghanaians to see this as anything but recreational coconut tree climbing is also popular .
dotted along the coastline , as if planned , are huge coconut trees that stand majestically at attention , swaying and waving their branches in the wind .
her house was massive , over 9000 square feet , the front grounds featuring a stone fountain , coconut trees , and cul - de - sac driveway .
and malou made their way through the open back of the restaurant , around the swimming pool , past two small umbrella huts , then south along the coconut tree lined path .
following silver 's instructions the men ran quickly up the beach , seeking shelter and cover from the first line of coconut trees that lined the edge of the beach .
acre after acre of pineapple plantation bordered the road , interspersed with blocks of coconut trees .
i presume i am in the philippines , you are filipino , i can see coconut trees through the window and i ' ve heard some fighting cocks .
looking up , past the tops of the nearby coconut trees , the sky was now grey , not the clear sky that it had been for the previous two days that he could remember .
as if acknowledging his thoughts , the branches at the tops of the highest coconut trees moved gently , at first , then swayed a little more as if for emphasis before returning to their stationary posture .
beneath the thick growth of branches at their high tops , clusters of green coconuts nestled in close to the trunk .
below the clusters of green coconuts , the long slim grey trunks of each tree further safeguarded its offspring by pushing its topmost and only branches out of reach of all but the most determined predators .
beyond the nearest coconut trees stood a small copse of banana trees .
their long and broad leaves were a contrast to the skinny leaves of the coconut trees .
beneath and around the banana and coconut trees , ankle to waist high weeds and undergrowth covered the rocks and soil .
the huts and houses on either side of the narrow bitumen covered lane generally had large gaps between them with small copses of banana and coconut trees .
perhaps it was only the branch of a coconut tree splitting .
the roof of the house opposite was visible , coconut and banana trees around the roof , nothing else .
a wide - eyed islander found himself with the razor - sharp blade at his throat ; the heavy scent of fear and sweat and coconut rum assaulted her with each of his panicked exhalations .
and each had a certain unique touch - two birds , two flowers , two trees , an old lady and an old man , a cockerel and hen , a hen and a chicken , a snake coiled around eggs with a small snake emerging , and there were abstracts , too - sunrises and sunsets - colourful bands of pink , purple , orange , blue and grey , some with a black silhouette of a single coconut palm or banana tree leaf intruding into the picture .
he pulled them out , one by one , lay them on the table and took one of jim 's morning sky paintings - abstract , lines of orange , pink , purple and grey with a black silhouette of a coconut palm - to the window ` ` they re good , jim .
it had been another long , hot day and the sun was just setting in a red ball over the atlantic ocean beyond the fence and through a row of silhouetted coconut palm trees .
at the end of the road , the kid cut right , riding between the coconut bar and the tennis court .
forty metres away the houses ended and just beyond were the coconut bar and tennis court and other places where she expected the soldiers might hang out .
beyond the scattered banana trees and coconut palms , derelict buildings and billboards with faded advertisements rose up against the misty - pink morning sky .
beyond a coconut grove , waves crested and broke in the sea .
they turned the corner into a surprisingly calm little cove with arcs of golden sand backed by coconut palms .
hodges picked up a crude broom and began sweeping bits of coconut husk from the packed sand .
they were all prone on coconut mats , firing , pausing , sighting , firing again .
the gun kicked and roared and the muzzle blast blew a cloud of dust out of the coconut mat and obscured his view .
on these hikes down steep ravines to rushing rivers , past animistic shrines to tiger or dragon spirits , across rickety bamboo bridges , through vast rice paddies and coconut plantations , he tried to conjure up the face of the silhouetted figure turning toward him that he saw in his dreams .
we saw him yesterday driving a red escort he got from coconut car rentals on the island . ''
` ` good 2 u '' ` ` fire '' ` ` guilty as charged '' ` ` call in the cavalry '' ` ` troubled land '' ` ` luisa 's bones '' ` ` looking pretty , pretty '' ` ` post blue ( dave bascombe mix ) '' ` ` running up that hill '' ` ` sister rosetta ( capture the spirit ) '' ` ` circle the fringes '' ` ` nighttiming '' ` ` i ca n't do it alone '' ` ` wish we were older '' ` ` that dress looks nice on you '' ` ` kill kill '' ` ` i love you good - bye '' ` ` prime mover '' ` ` i do n't live in a dream '' ` ` down boy '' ` ` people c'm on '' ` ` the future 's nothing new '' ` ` snakes and lions '' ` ` gift '' ` ` world ca n't have her '' dave mason daniel lanois gym class heroes the shys john mellencamp crooked fingers tab the band placebo placebo noisettes the gutter twins coconut records 30h ! 3 metro station sufjan stevens lizzy grant thomas dolby steve stevens jackie greene yeah yeah yeahs delta spirit the alternate routes melpo mene curve cobra verde ` ` go my way ( the ipod song ) '' ` ` do n't let the devil take your mind '' ` ` keeper '' ` ` lonely ghosts '' ` ` mama told me ( not to come ) '' ` ` 2080 '' ` ` wild life '' ` ` architeuthis '' ` ` on fire '' ` ` i ' m good , i ' m gone '' ` ` disappearing '' bacon brothers jackie greene butterfly boucher o+s three dog night yeasayer bacon brothers bacon brothers jj grey and mofro lykke li simon collins more playlists at about the author in addition to the morganville vampires series , rachel caine is the author of the popular weather warden series , which includes ill wind , heat stroke , chill factor , windfall , firestorm , thin air , gale force , and cape storm .
in coconut grove , the international shoppers thronged the luxurious hotels and fashionable malls .
as the cab bounced along the narrow uneven road , carrying us to our beachfront hotel , i was transfixed by the lush forest around us , the big red hibiscus blooming beyond little fences , the graceful coconut palms bending over the tiny tumbledown hillside houses , and eager to see , not with this dim frustrating mortal night vision , but in the magical light of the morning sun .
i did n't go there until i 'd been in the gardens up the mountain , and had stood on those very cliffs he had visited , looking out over the forested mountains , and listening to the wind in the branches of the noisy clacking coconut palms .
and oh , never had the high swaying coconut palms looked so beautiful as on these bluffs .
this was a place where people came to take in the sun and sea air , with a bottle of coconut oil in one hand and a freshly made mojito in the other .
sailors have been sent up with glasses to the tops of the tallest coconut trees to see if they can spot any land , but no luck , so the boat will just have to strike off blindly to the west , where we know the continent lies , somewhere .
now i look down towards the beach and i see , off to the left of my camp , a place where the water has come in and made a little lagoon , with many coconut palms about .
i know that men with spyglasses were sent up to the tops of the highest coconut trees that day i was there and they could n't see the tops of the cliffs behind me here .
i was surprised to see a row of large houses half hidden among the coconut trees .
they resume travelling and for days do not say a word , till they arrive at la reserve to enjoy turkish coffee and coconut macaroons at the cercles des phoceens , where they read le semaphore newspaper .
i obtained a bottle of rum from the hotel bar and kept it in my bag because every day the coconut boy reappeared .
the captain general made the sick man drink coconut milk , the treatment that seemed to work in curing scurvy , and then baptised the two wives and ten children .
the charcoal and putty discovered at 40 and 50 ft respectively were naturally deposited ; the coconut fibre at 60 ft was coincidence , nothing more than submerged trash from a long ago visit to the island - for coconut fibre was , back then , common as a wrapping for boxed items - that had been claimed by the sinkhole .
the charcoal and putty discovered at 40 and 50 ft respectively were naturally deposited ; the coconut fibre at 60 ft was coincidence , nothing more than submerged trash from a long ago visit to the island - for coconut fibre was , back then , common as a wrapping for boxed items - that had been claimed by the sinkhole .
about four days ago cage no longer relied on the cane , but had nt let it go for it proved invaluable as a spear to knock down coconuts or help dig up edible roots and tubers .
he walked through a narrow pass , between coconut palms , leading to the birds property .
with such things in mind , we climbed to the terrace of manojs house , creeping past wicker chairs and empty one - roomed apartments , the night wind whispering through the thin , long leaves of the lone coconut tree .
the country of the philippines along with the caribbean islands considers the coconut tree as the tree of life .
the coconut tree provides food , shelter , and various implements .
there were two big , well - maintained gardens on either side of the road , with green patches of grass and a few coconut trees that stood majestically on the periphery .
unfortunately , as a public establishment , we 're subject to the coconut grove rules about fire exits which must be fully accessible at all times .
the palm trees were lush and thick with coconuts .
there were a million tree roots to trip over , as well as the coconuts , palm fronds and tree branches that littered their path .
it was a tribesman carrying a coconut bowl full of rice and a wooden cup of water .
it put the senior wrangler in mind of mrs whitlow , although currently rocks , trees , clouds and coconuts also reminded him of mrs whitlow .
' the common coconut , for example , has ... ' ' does it have a figurehead ? '
the torchbearers of mirza nuruddin 's household stood on the balconies continuously dousing a mixture of coconut oil and rose attar onto their huge flambeaux .
senji was caught and carried thousands of miles into a massive lake surrounded by tall mango , banana and coconut trees .
adding to this confusion several coconuts fall on the heads of the pirates who are sticking their heads too far into the foliage .
he found a tree with a cluster of coconuts above , and taking his shoes and socks off he grabbed hold of the trunk .
close to shore he saw mostly coconut palms that could thrive in the salty environment .
there were coconuts on the palms , but he had no strength to climb any tree .
banana , mango , and coconut trees hugged a golden , sandy beach .
if you get lost always remember to go west , toward the tallest coconut trees .
another regular , and often the most fun , was driving at break - neck speeds in the clapped out old datsun , trying to catch my breath while the warm evening air slapped my face , with coconut trees rushing past on either side of the road .
ululating maidens in grass skirts and coconut bras thumped across the stage , and gyrated to the rhythm of tribal drums .
or how palm wine was extracted to the detriment of the palm tree , or how coconut milk was miraculously sterilised by nature .
there were trees in the background : coconuts and palms .
they matched my steps from the main dining room to the ship 's casino and even into the men 's lavatory outside coconuts , the ship 's primary club .
he had been experimenting on a new hydroponic system using ground up coconut shells .
as el presidente says , we must hang on his words or hang from the coconut trees .
i know you and the other girls are on the coconut telegraph .
a breeze from the bay rattled the fronds of coconut trees .
the following afternoon , staying with what was organic , he d fixed on some coconut palms , which grew in the same geographical zone as northern conifers .
the airs humidness and coconut palms hinted to a tropical locale , but i had no way of pinpointing my precise whereabouts until encountering this islands inhabitants , if indeed there were any to be found .
its main industry was the export of copra from the millions of coconut trees on plantations .
there were sand dunes between the sea and the coconut trees .
we bought coconut palm bongs from them , went back to the ferry dock .
one morning she woke up on coconut coast , without knowing how shed gotten to the other side of kauai .
a monotonous parade of shrunken atolls dotted with a few scraggly coconut palms loomed below .
and coconut trees and pretty sunsets .
on a hot street the idling car basked in the sunny semicircular gravel drive , parked exactly halfway between twin towering coconut palms .
they walked back along the beach to where they had parked the van , stepping over the exposed coconut tree roots which , one would have thought would be hard - pressed to extract nutrients from the sand .
here there was no danger from falling fruit because the coconut palms were noticeably absent .
when she told michael / lucky about the visit he commented that visitors arrived with the inevitable tourists - eye view of white sandy beaches , soughing coconut palms and cocktails proffered by smiling locals .
chapter 34 the evening meal was a simple one of taro and fish cooked in coconut cream , which was a relief for polly who had dreaded having to eat the prevalent tinned fish .
vo took out a mat from his bag and unrolled it , spreading it out over the sand in the shade of a coconut tree .
the medley of the waves , breeze , and coconut tree branches knocking one another was so soothing that ana felt almost tipsy .
she lay down to observe the sky , peering through the leaves of the coconut tree .
ana turned toward vo to admire the golden circles that the sunlight , filtered through the coconut leaves , imprinted on vos face and chest .
when they dried off on land they ate some more , and then both fell asleep under the coconut tree in the glory of the afternoon sun .
right there by that bench under that coconut tree .
the coconut trees shook back and forth , the branches creaking as they knocked against one another .
behind his father , he drew a desert island , with palm and coconut trees dotting the horizon .
we sat at a picnic table in the sand on a small ledge above the beach proper , not far from where a hammock filled with young children was swinging between two coconut palms .
coconut palms lined the driveway leading up to an oversized traditional west indian house .
it 's been called the coconut club for a couple of years now , to stay in tune with the loud drums and pulsing rhythms of the african music that is so popular with the younger crowd these days .
` ` i could n't tell , but the bartender at the coconut club might be able to give you a better description .
he showed up at a few nightclubs , including the coconut club , but nobody knows where he came from , where he went , or where he is now . ''
she grew more certain of that when she got lost on the way back to coconut grove and ended up in a neighborhood of burned out and abandoned buildings that she thought must resemble downtown baghdad .
the partners of solomon & lord , attorneys - at - law , stood in the kitchen of steves bungalow on kumquat avenue in coconut grove .
if anyone wants to examine my diploma from night law school , they can visit my house between poinciana and kumquat in coconut grove .
once when i was chomping a cheeseburger with a side of fries at an outdoor cafe in coconut grove , a fragile - looking guy in a gold velour warmup suit and white bicycling helmet stopped short at my table .
and was nt the author friends with the last hawaiian princess , princess coconut or something ?
the inch - high bombay spa logo ( palm trees and happy coconuts ) rode higher on his chest than i imagined it was supposed to , and the material hugged his abs like a second skin .
` ` in a shack behind the coconut , on the road to the airport .
of course there were coconuts on the island .
` ` look out for my ankle , '' i murmured against his mouth as he set me down on a nearby fallen coconut tree .
the little inlet we are on is shielded from the village by a thick cluster of trees - tall slender coconut trees with their large fanlike leaves and the thicker rainforest ones with gnarled roots the size of elephant trunks .
we talk about our trip to indonesia - living amongst the natives in wooden huts which are surrounded by swaying coconut trees .
with its white sand and palm trees , some of which bore coconuts , and clear skies with more stars than could be counted , it was hard for a woman not to think about kissing .
joshuas men , hearing lynnas scream , came running and it took four of the stoutest to subdue rob and tie him to a coconut tree .
cass was left thinking , and for an odd instant , she envisioned some far off central american landscape , with terrence limping along a barbed wire fenced shore , and a coconut palm lined beach .
but as the taxi made its way through a warren of palm - lined streets with pastel houses and coconut palms , nate stayed stone silent .