bastian set the glass of coconut milk in front of charlotte .
drinking out of coconuts , the warm salty breeze on our skin .
and salmon on a bed of black diamond coconut rice . ''
the perfume of ava 's skin - the orchids he 'd discovered their first night together , a coconut milk he had n't , and that hint of sugar .
the wildflowers , the coconut sweetness of ambrosia , both creating a heady musk of arousal .
i 'd gotten pretty good at cracking coconuts the last time i played , and i had it open with two well - placed swings .
each individual will have a chance to do one of two things - either throw a coconut to knock others down from the tree , or to pick up two coconuts on the ground .
through a run of bad digging luck , summer and polly had trouble finding their buried coconuts , and they 'd ended up in last with kissy and rusty .
lovely beaches , blue water , and tons of coconuts . ''
even when i slept i dreamed about the man , especially his smell - like a tropical beach filled with fresh , clean ocean air , coconuts , and exotic plants .
the kind of noise you hear in movies when horse 's hooves are beating on cobblestones or the members of monty python were cracking together coconuts .
inside the bins , in no discernible order , there were halved coconut husks , bear - shaped containers of honey , several types of shells , rusty horseshoes , ostrich eggs , absorbent cotton , tiny jingle bells , packages of white plastic flip - flops , beads , and candles .
maybe steel magnolias ... like water for coconuts .
` ` he has balls the size of coconuts , '' sebastian grumbled .
` ` look , there are some coconuts on the ground . ''
we have to find the green coconuts though , the ones still in the shell .
the brown coconuts are hard already . ''
the snakes were some sort of vipers , and based on doolittle 's learned opinion , the largest bite belonged to something with a head the size of a coconut and its poison was lethal to humans in tiny doses and shapeshifters in slightly larger ones .
a bum in tattered jeans and ragged cloak could walk out into a crowded street , raise his arms , and the sky would tear open and weep a rain of lightning and hail the size of coconuts , leveling everything in a three - mile radius .
a bum in tattered jeans and ragged cloak could walk out into the crowded street , raise his arms , and the sky would tear open and weep a rain of lightning and hail the size of coconuts , leveling everything in a three mile radius .
i mean , what does filet mignon have on coconut shrimp and mini crab cakes ? ''
` ` you had a dog named woof when you were little , and your mother makes the best coconut cake in the world .
i was so damn mad at you , but , christ , i missed you , and this girl , she was so beautiful , and she smelled like coconuts , you know ?
she smelled like coconuts , and that reminded me of you , but they were awful coconuts - synthetic , and syrupy sweet , and not at all like my girl , and i just - i did n't , i mean , i did things , but i did n't ... '' he rambled on , so torn up inside .
she smelled like coconuts , and that reminded me of you , but they were awful coconuts - synthetic , and syrupy sweet , and not at all like my girl , and i just - i did n't , i mean , i did things , but i did n't ... '' he rambled on , so torn up inside .
` ` oh , god , '' i cried , as he fluttered his tongue along the length of my tummy , tasting the salt of my skin , smelling the scent of my skin that he himself had identified as a mixture of clean laundry and blessed coconuts .
` ` i know where coconuts and mangos grow . ''
rage , frustration , and impending doom shuddered through her as tangibly as the latest aftershock shaking coconuts from the trees .
` ` rumor has it crusty and doc clark are going to pin bronco and take pictures of him in a coconut bra to post around the squadron .
` ` and you ' ve decided it 's your personal mission to make that happen with luaus and coconut bras ? ''
i 'd pulled over and fiddled with the engine and the owner , bea , had come out and brought me a slice of the best coconut cream pie i 'd ever had in my life and offered to walk to her house across the street and get me any of her husband 's tools i might need .
i mean , the difference between coconut water and coconut milk ?
` ` okay , chef , coconuts and banana leaves coming right up ! ''
` ` i can make a shell shakey thing with little shells and coconuts tied together , '' said sarah gamely .
they left the fire ring to gather supplies , each taking a backpack with a full water bottle , rope , bananas , and cracked coconuts .
we could actually make like a dessert or a sweet coconut drink if we had some sugar cane juice . ''
candi tracked jonathan down and had him crack open six coconuts , saving the water that was in the nut .
` ` and last , but not least , we provide coconut wine for your drinking pleasure ! ''
our heads knock into each other like two coconuts , and i fall backwards trying to escape the pain .
one minute i want to laugh and the next i want to bang heads together like two coconuts .
but the triple coconut with raspberry cream was pretty damn good . ''
the slave market was near the docks , down a dusty road lined with sellers of fruit and coffee , dried fish and coconuts , yams and red cochineal bugs , sold for dye in small , corked glass bottles .
i sipped the icy , sweet concoction , letting the flavors of spiced rum and creamy coconut milk dance on my tongue while ben handed over his credit card .
probably frolicking on the beach with london and her coconuts .
it sometimes dropped coconuts so large they apparently killed a pedestrian once .
table of contents first goodbye her skin is creamy , like coconut milk when it rolls over the tongue , the color of golden caramel drizzled over warm fudge .
the second and third coconuts went even easier .
taking the coconut and machete from him , she sliced at the coconut , rapidly removing the outer husk and exposing the inner nut , finishing with a slice across the top of the nut to expose its contents , narrowly missing jeffs throat with the blade as it passed across the coconut .
slate brought out a box of assorted containers for rum , ranging from elaborate pewter mugs to glass jars to coconut shells .
ernest took hold of the dangling vine and pulled , but the net full of coconuts would not rise off the ground .
a bird flittered to a tree and perched on a net full of coconuts .
the coconuts smashed open skulls and squirted brain matter over adjacent lurchers .
the coconuts fell and the trunk scythed in .
the coconuts crushed the skulls of a dozen lurchers , but bounced ineffectively off the bonce of an imposing figure .
for pottery , mounds of sand and clay , coconut halves of water , and refining tools lay in haphazard harmony .
i have an excellent coconut drink , fresh and cold . ''
but instead of needles , this specimen sported wide palmate green leaves , fluttering gently to reveal silver undersides and clusters of husked seed pods , similar to coconuts .
they passed a line of roadside stands , sheltered under palm trees , selling dates , coconuts , and grapes .
` ` do you know how hard it is to open a coconut husk without a machete ? ''
despite the amount of crappy food like this back at the bank , i grab three coconut chocolate bars , shoving them into my pocket along with a few peanut butter chocolate bars .
deep fried catfish , okra , caesar salad , a baked potato smothered in cheese and sour cream , jello , and a slice of coconut cream pie joined the inspectors steak and fries .
there were no people , no helicopter , no sign of anyone hurrying to our rescue ; not even so much as a house , boat , or car ; not even a sun - bronzed native hacking coconuts open with a machete or slicing up pineapple in a bamboo beachside fruit stand .
wbot cooks dessert over an open rock pit with fire and heating the coconut cream pie .
as he poured some chilled coconut milk into a tall , blue - rimmed glass and took a sip , he did his best to block out the misery of his first day of school .
the monster 's growl , out of sync with hoang - ha 's thoughts , shattered through the car like the sound of a coconut ripped apart by an m16 , with documentary - drama , sound - track - quality intensity .
while alias # 6 scored the lower parts of coconut grove i decided i d go on to score the upper parts .
the wind hissed in the fronds overhead , and occasionally a coconut thumped to the ground with enough force to crack a skull .
straight up walnuts , peanutshell , even coconuts .
his nametag read honi , and he was bald with a spider web tattoo that wrapped around his neck , and had muscles the size of coconuts on each arm .
i mean iiive got a lovely bunch of coconuts deedly - dee , there they are just standing in a row .
fires roared as the scent of roasting nuts and meats mingled with the fragrance of coconuts , saffron , nutmeg , cinnamon , and something spicy that reminded selena of chili powder .
he cut two coconuts from the branch .
please bring me some of that coconut liquor .
how could he have known , dim little bulb that he was , that the choice , when discovered because those toilets would barely swallow a cigarette butt , let alone a set of keys the choice would be seen as an ominous sign that the coconut of someones impassivity had become dangerously loose ?
a place where a hammock could be strung between two coconuts and its occupant perched over a flowing river , music floating through the breezes , tropical fruit on hand , and a bar and restaurant nearby .
heading by car up towards ubud after travelling along the coast a bit from sanur , getting the driver to wander roads into villages and stop so wil could walk alongside rice paddy fields and photograph their imagery with coconuts in the background .
melons , rice , and coconuts on brass trays are passed around by women in bright saris of purple and blue , flowers in their hair .
ill just stick with my usual , a big slice of coconut cream pie , please .
and inside , all the food i could eat : bananas and aa berries and avocados and coconuts .
not to mention her coconut cherry pie .
no one said another word until they had finished with their meal and then agnes said , who s for some coconut cherry pie ?
several different kinds of hors doeuvres , the little barbecued weenies i know you like , about ten kinds of cheese and crackers , sweetwater for those who do nt like or want champagne , scotch and vodka along with mixers , and about five kinds of pies , including lemon meringue and coconut cream .
he returns to his duties , pointing the jet of water at the big chunk of skull , it looks like the top of a cracked coconut .
so high and so proud and he was sure that in its time it must have yielded thousands of coconuts .
a separate compartment held coconut macaroons along with a bottle of south african chardonnay and two stemmed glasses .
he could n't possibly know what they were capable of , how at any moment they might just blaze away with their guns , blowing our heads off like coconuts in a circus sideshow , and then toss our bodies in the lake with stones to keep them down .
and while the meal moved sluggishly on , the dining - room was being turned into a ` ` tropical jungle '' with the help of potted plants , piles of oranges and coconuts , and an occasional stem of bananas -- this was a backdrop for the calypso band , which , in wine - red and gold - frilled shirts assembled in due course and began playing ` ` linstead market '' too loud .
he described the poisons of the forest and the healing properties of tropical herbs , the pressure the palm kernel develops to break open its coconut , the length of a humming - bird 's tongue , and how crocodiles carry their young in their mouths laid lengthways like sardines in a tin .
` ` it is made with coconut milk , coconut sugar and little pieces of gelatin .
the same ritual was followed for pumpkin pies , coconut pies , strawberry cakes , the list went on and on .
jumps off the cliff at the end with the raft made of coconuts ?
` ` skipper professes his love for his little buddy and they get all caught up in the wedding arrangements and the monkey steals the boat and all their coconuts . ''
so , i sat at my desk with a spell book and ate the rest of the now - soft coconut cream pie , careful to first cut off the part where the dragon had eaten .
they had ordered coffee and dessert ( cherry pie or coconut cream pie ) , and they were lingering .
teacher ordered cherry pie , and at lemuel 's urging manfred got the coconut pie .
` ` listen ... '' andrea raised her hands , imitating holding plums the size of small coconuts , and moved them up and down .
winkler had eyed the pie display on the way in and saved room for a generous wedge of coconut cream .
` ` coconuts , the pain do n't hurt , '' he said , then paused .
` ` you like coconut cream pie ? ''
there were about a million and a half things i wanted to say , and twice that many things i needed to get off my chest , but emma was hell bent on getting coconut cream pie , and i knew better than to get in the way of a woman seeking sugar .
of course it would be the best coconut cream pie i ' ve made to date , '' she muttered to herself .
we 're in the junk food aisle , a canyon of twinkies and coconut snowballs , and krystal 's like , ` ` so , aimee , did n't you see the sign on the door out front ?
i hope you like coconut rum . ''
my dad loved their coconut cream pie .
i got the apple pie , and josh got the coconut cream pie .
i could practically smell the coconuts in the sea breeze that lightly ruffled my hair .
we left the coconuts and mangos on the beach and most of my shells , interjected sharianna as she pulled several beautiful seashells from her pockets .
i 'd reached out a hand to the wall beside me , clutching on for dear life , as i watched a roomful of men that looked like they could crack coconuts just by attacking them with only one of their incredible hands , and women who looked as though they could win in a cat fight with a leopard , dueling it out with nothing but their voices and their wallets as they each competed to win my spotting globe .
it was a lot cooler now , the onshore breeze sighing through the canopy of palm trees , the night quiet punctuated by the thump of the occasional fallen coconut , the sky ablaze with stars typical of the tropics .
he had used her favorite coconut foaming bath oil .
he hefted a cluster of coconuts in one hand and a gleaming machete in the other .
another boat had three baskets of rice , two large fish , much fruit and coconuts and other things to eat .
while one continued dancing , the other adorned herself with a horned headdress , sipped a drop of wine from a coconut shell cup and then rejoined the dance , the tempo now marked by muffled drums .
once they saw their desperation , the natives brought them rice , coconuts , sugar cane and roots that tasted like turnips .
every day , boats full of chickens , goats , coconuts , bananas and other things to eat came to the ships .
we can have some coconut shrimp and bananas foster .
director suggested putting the injured bird workers in a - cheeta seva kendra in the empty coconut leaves cabin , which was behind the construction workers latrine .
next was the famous and widely known in ralaa state of fantasia , locally born close to the birds colony headquarters coconut leaves hut , the mathematician called bird bigg -bang - f - rt .
plentiful hampers full of fruits and nuts , oranges , bananas , coconuts , chestnuts and an unending range of other edible platters were let to float out towards the vessels incoming .
as i understand it , its a local concoction made from coconuts .
each man , like a south sea islander harvesting coconuts , climbed it nimbly with only hands and feet , pausing as the chain slacked with the swells and continuing only when it became taut again .
suddenly - poof ! -the stooges smack him in the face with a coconut cream pie .
they had bananas , coconuts , papayas , and all kinds of fruit .
i have nt thought of using coconuts islander reads .
restaurants serving tantalizing food made from coconuts and freshly - caught fish in odd - shaped calabash dishes .
however , mairi and i noticed a really beautiful house set within its own little garden , with papayas , coconuts , guavas and other tropical fruit .
do you still want some coconut cake ?
he kicked the coconuts hard and succeeded in sending a couple of them flying about a foot away , and re - injuring his toes .
one layer had a raspberry cream filling , one with cream cheese filling , and the last one with a coconut cream filling .
if coconuts fell up , instead of down , we would nt find them lying on the ground ; we d have to climb the palm trees .
so unimpressed that she made to knee indole in the coconuts , which he only avoided by a quick hop backwards .
and the next morning the villagers , braced for yet another day of starving , were confronted by a scene right out of their collective dreams : the olive tree , grown overnight to an amazing height and robustness , was laden with fruit and not just olives but dates as well , and almonds , peaches , apples , pears and coconuts ; and from the soil around the tree , bare as bone until the night before but now thick with bright green clover , shot the sprouts of beans and onions , garlics and turnips , carrot leaves and heads of dew - beaded lettuce .
he thought he saw the vague shape of a palm tree in one of the smaller clouds , with a smattering of circular clouds below that could easily have been fallen coconuts .
ali smiled , try this , this is one of my favorites , its made of sticky rice flour rolled into small balls , but before that its filled with palm sugar , poached , and served topped with grated coconuts .
the coconut did not appear to share the same sentiments .
but the creatures scarcely seemed to have the attention span required to carve a slur into a coconut , much less hew this marvel of sand and stone and stream .
isabelle fastidiously ordered a fruit smoothie , simon asked for coffee , and clary , after a moment 's hesitation , chose a large coffee and coconut pancakes .
brutha 's foot kicked against something yellowwhite , which bounced away among the rocks making a noise like a sackful of coconuts .
but there were coconuts , and breadfruit , and some sort of wild fig .
rincewind trudged through the shallows and used a sharp rock to hack the top off a coconut that had been cooling in a convenient shady rock pool .
he 'd enjoyed coconut surprise .
in theory it should have been full of shark ; in fact it was half full of coconuts .
the sort made from melons and coconuts and chocolate and suchlike , don'tcherknow .
ignorant 16 and credulous 17 people , whose island might once have been visited by some itinerant merchant vessel that traded pearls and coconuts for such fruits of civilization as glass beads , mirrors , axes and sexual diseases , would later make big model ships out of bamboo in the hope of once again attracting this magical cargo .
' -because actually i thought he said , ` ` it 's wrong , '' you see- ' ' certainly a coconut , ' said ridcully .
or supposing we escaped and swam ashore and ended up on an island where there 's nothing but coconuts ?
coconuts on every tree !
three marriages and an adventurous girlhood had left nanny ogg with thigh muscles that could crack coconuts , and the g - forces sucked at her as she forced the speeding stick down and around in a tight loop .
and i picked you up that to - die - for hair conditioning masque i discovered on the black market of cosmetics and there s a coconut sugar scrub that wil redefine life as you knew it and '' thank you , cora , i said , just enough warning in my voice to silence her mid - sentence .
shoved behind the coconut rum and peach liqueur and vanilla vodka for the fruity cocktails pen preferred was a fifth of bulleit rye whiskey i 'd given her for christmas the year before in the hopes her taste in hooch would improve .
the blaze had become an inferno , fueled by casks of coconut oil stored below decks on the galleon , and hawksworth involuntarily shielded his eyes and face from the heat that , even at their distance , seared the discovery .
the topiwallahs call them coconuts . ''
hindus at surat smear coconuts with vermilion and cast them into the tapti , believing this will appease the angry life - force of the sea .
there were groves of wild figs , their dark fruit luscious and astringent , and plump coconuts , their tender core as rich as any in yorubaland .
he declares tonight that his anger is fierce , like the burning sun that sucks dry the milk of the coconut , and he will stand with us in the name of vengeance .
pulling their heads back out of the foliage and rubbing the spot hit by the falling coconut , they feel the sudden prick of a sword tip again .
anger from the pain of being poked with sharp swords and having coconuts fall on their heads creates an uncontrollable mess as all of black beards crew begins to fight with each other again .
his crew shouts as they raise their coconuts to salute him in agreement .
the walls of the sea felt like they were going to swallow us up , they were so high the mysterious was a large strong ship , but in the middle of the sea , in this storm , we felt like a single coconut bobbing back up to fill our lungs with air after a wall of sea water had breached the side railings of our ship and had covered our deck .
he shimmied up the tree , plucked the coconuts and threw four of them down .
finding one with a cluster of coconuts on top , he took off his shoes and shimmied up the trunk as he had seen olson do a century ago .
yesterday he had only found three coconuts ; he had picked the island clean .
stumbling along until he came across a palm tree that had been pushed over by a storm , jordan was able to reach the coconuts without much effort .
then wading in the water , he found two stones to break the coconut enough to yield its whitish nectar .
when the coconuts were gone , he would risk drinking the water of the inner pool and go mad with the ingestion of salt .
on screen , a bunch of angry chinese people in period costumes were breaking coconuts with swords .
climbing trees for coconuts .
without hesitation he scaled the tree like a monkey , shook a dozen coconuts from the frond - like leaves , and slid down , beaming .
` ` great , have been getting tired of coconut milk , '' jessica replied .
this made patrick think of coconut popsicles , and he laughed quite hard as he hauled the frozen corpse from his killing - bottle and threw it in the bushes .
she drove down to the country oven at the end of main street and got half a dozen doughnutshoney - glazed for her , chocolate coconut for danforth .
brought down on another bandit 's head , the skull simply pops like a frail coconut , the mess of grey brain splashing every which way and the cudgel digging itself well down through the man 's throat and lodging between his shoulder blades .
i brought two pies in for you to taste , a coconut cream and a dutch apple , but flo said she knew you would like them so she went ahead and started selling them to the customers .
not until a large piece of coconut cream pie and a steaming hot cup of freshly brewed coffee sat before me did i shake off mary junes surprising comments .
it was larger though , rougher in texture , a hessian sack , the sort of thing coconuts came in .
arden was delighted , although the six foot high jumble of coconuts , green and globular like the hard testicles of a giant cartoon ogre , disturbed him and he could nt understand why .
larry insisted on the coconuts , not for their taste but because they were sterilised by nature , a concept that appealed greatly to his sense of christian aesthetic .
how right for drade ; for , by luck , the effect of these two breaking ranks caused others to tumble out , propelled by the two protagonists who , in turn , locked together , came barrelling through at some speed , hitting drades front tyre , and separating upon impact , like a coconut cracking apart , as it hit the ground .
the easy move would have been to knock their heads together like coconuts , but russell had bigger plans .
i would nt like to hazard a guess as to his age , but even a conservative shy at the coconut would land me on the top side of eighty years young .
and may falling coconuts give them skull fractures . ''
five days later , ida , bert , mary and josh were dreamily sailing off the coast of a nearby tobagan fishing village , sipping highly - colored mixed drinks from coconuts and eating grilled sardines .
weekend quickie 32 - each to their own ( image - bakery , element - coconut cake for easter , emotion - inspired devotion ) he 'd destroyed both morning batches of hot cross buns , upset his regular customers with unrepeatable remarks about jesus , and also kicked out a wedge from their skip 's wheels , allowing it to roll across the backyard and dent his van .
76 ( grudge 8 ) - a pink fairy armadillo , a mason jar , mount st . helen , a wii u 77 - a suit of armor , a pitchers mound , gluten free , lockes socks 78 - a poodle , a thimble , an alarm , birds as characters weekend quickie 24 - image - girl playing piano in ' room tornado ' , element - wolf , emotion - a change of heart weekend quickie 25 - image - marie laveau 's house of voodoo , element - mardi gras beads , emotion - curiousity weekend quickie 26 - image - meteor / comet over stonehenge at night , element - a message in a bottle , emotion - intrigue weekend quickie 27 - image - woman sitting on bed with a bear , element - a handsome newspapermans birthday , emotion - a feeling of anxiety brought on by the omission of a comma weekend quickie 28 - image - el rancho motel and restaurant sign at night , element - an arrowhead , emotion - serendipity weekend quickie 29 - image - palne docked on a pier on a beach , element - 5 iron writers , emotion - wanderlust weekend quickie 30 - image - highway 2 sign towards tijuana , element - yellow scorpion , emotion - indecision weekend quickie 31 - image - steampunk zepplin , element - bacon , emotion - optimism weekend quickie 32 - image - bakery , element - coconut cake for easter , emotion - inspired devotion weekend quickie 33 - image - tornado , element - the far away sound of someone singing , emotion - denial weekend quickie 34 - image - screaming couple with screaming baby , element - a tip from a waitress , emotion - distraction weekend quickie 35 - image - ` ` do n't go in the woods '' sign in the woods , element - an errand for your mother , emotion - suspicion weekend quickie 36 - image - ufo over a beach with girl and boy running , element - dandelion bracelet , emotion - incredulity weekend quickie 37 - image - fireflies in a jar , element - timber rattler ( rattlesnake ) , emotion - nostalgia weekend quickie 38 - image - old woman in a kitchen with floating apples , element - lost shoes , emotion - exuberance weekend quickie 39 - image - ' mermaid ' / shark egg , element - cumerindine , emotion - inspiration from a song on the radio weekend quickie 40 - image - vw campervan at night , element - hitchhiker , emotion - hopeful excitement weekend quickie 41 - image - bowling alley lane and balls , element - a dare , emotion - disenchantment weekend quickie 42 - image - fireworks in washington , element - a feeling of independence , emotion - synesthesia weekend quickie 43 - image - people jumping from cliff into water , element - the summer after junior year at high school , emotion - determination weekend quickie 44 - image - shakespeare and company bookstore in paris , element - an artist , emotion - love at first sight weekend quickie 45 - image - 59th queensboro bridge , new york , element - a chance encounter , emotion - thrill weekend quickie 46 - image - alien baby , element - 5 years later , emotion - denial weekend quickie 47 - image - 2 people with snorkels in a lake , element - iron writer convention , emotion - irony weekend quickie 48 - image - fawn following boz to a standing school bus , element - a forgotten rule , emotion - prescience weekend quickie 49 - image - rollerskating inside venue , element - a saturday afternoon , emotion - intrigue other work by dani j caile all books are available on amazon ' dani 's shorts ' ( volume 1 ) ' dani 's shorts ' is a collection of 500 word short stories based on the elements given in the iron writer challenge .
naomi took clarity out of her cell and led her to her office , serving saoco , a drink made with coconut milk and sugar cane brandy , served with a straw in the same coconut providing the milk .
naomi took clarity out of her cell and led her to her office , serving saoco , a drink made with coconut milk and sugar cane brandy , served with a straw in the same coconut providing the milk .
the russian ambassador in havana , a man named anatoli karpin , who enjoyed gazing at the palm trees to see if they carried coconuts , approached clarity .
instead , lacy was hoping that troy would want to run off to an exotic island , living like minimalists , eating coconuts and drinking rain water that would collect in the center of palm leaves .
rough , like something coconuts came in .
charlie picks up one of the kittens , a white ball of fur that reminds him of coconut cotton candy .
joyce liked the mature yellow coconuts , i preferred the yellowish brown ones , older .
after chasing him , she was ravenous and stole coconuts from trees .
so , you get a packet of peas , a can of coconut milk , and some massel vegetable stock ( coz its the yummest , says olive ) .
the young men had to get up at first light to prepare it and to scrape the coconuts for cream .
he then punctured the drinking coconuts on the spike and handed one to each of the visitors who raised the vessels as if toasting with a fine wine .
the young men got up at first light to prepare the earth ovens and scrape the coconuts .
fruit did nt drip off the trees and coconuts fall at their feet .
afterward , vo would gather a couple of coconuts that had fallen to the sand , and whack them open with a knife .
he saw him thread nets and catch fish , scale the trees for coconuts .
clovis wants a piece of your mom 's coconut cream pie .
i showered , shaved completely , and lathered coconut raspberry lotion all over my body .
` ` i ' m bringing apricots and bees and coconuts and donuts and elephants and fudge and gremlins and hotdogs , '' stryker said , before moving to will .
i found a couple of coconuts while trekking through the woods , but discovered that dean had taken the axe with him .
cherry butterscotch buttered coconut rum , or some stupid shit like that .
she looked at laura 's belly , looked back at laura , looked at josie and saw how josie had cupped her hands around the little plate of her two coconut shrimp and said , ` ` ah , all right .
` ` coconut shrimp and fried green tomatoes for you , '' madge said to josie without looking at her as she scribbled something in that little electronic device of hers .
` ` coconut cream pie and a cup of coffee for ed ... and alex , i still have n't quite figured out what it is that you want . ''
` ` coconut shrimp , our new strawberry lobsters , the toffee pistachio crepes ... '' laura pretended to wipe drool from her mouth .
a chocolate coconut cream pie sounds too tempting to pass up .
` ` we got apple , blueberry , coconut cream and peach .
she and olivia had finished their aerobic workout - a wednesday - night tradition for years - and stopped for coffee and coconut cream pie .
` ` i thought i 'd better ask if you 're ordering coconut cream pie or if that 's changed , too . ''
` ` now you 're quitting coconut cream pie , too ?
okay , you win , i 'll have a piece of coconut cream pie . ''
goldie appeared with their coconut cream pie .
` ` grandma , did you bake me a coconut cake ? ''
` ` would it make you feel better if i bought you a piece of coconut cream pie ? ''
` ` apple pan dowdy over coconut cream pie ?
` ` coconut cream . ''
goldie , their favorite waitress , approached the table , carrying a pot of coffee in one hand and two pieces of coconut cream pie in the other .
` ` i ' m not giving up my coconut cream pie . ''
` ` i ca n't rightly say , '' jack said virtuously , then dipped his finger in olivia 's remaining coconut cream pie and brought it to his lips .
she set them down and came back with two huge pieces of coconut cream pie .
` ` i 'll have a piece of that coconut cream pie now . ''
` ` who 'd serve us our coconut cream pie ? ''
a few minutes later , goldie delivered a tray filled with slices of coconut cream pie .
we add some organic goat cheese to our carts , some coconut milk , almond milk , and whole milk .
i have one i make with coconut rum that is to die for . ''
like ` ` trapped on a desert island with nothing but coconuts to bang together '' miserable .
one corner of his mouth curls up in a sexy little smile , like we 're on a beach drinking alcohol out of coconuts carved by cupid and not in a ratty old bathroom with a fluorescent tube light that starts buzzing like a nest of mosquitoes at an outdoor blood bank .