` ` good grief , ' she gasped , immediately standing up and placing her glass of brandy on the low coffee table .
there was no coffee table .
he just set them down on the coffee table .
she must have left it on the lower tier of the coffee table .
he rested the glass on the coffee table .
it , too , ended up on the coffee table .
` ` i ' m thinking couches , coffee tables and a big - screen tv , '' he said , looking thoughtful .
` ` this wo n't keep me from flying , '' she said , tossing it onto the coffee table .
daniel moved the coffee table between them .
cursing at the file he could n't concentrate on , he slapped it across the coffee table in his office and glared at the phone .
she had n't gotten around to reading it yet , but she 'd left it on the coffee table yesterday along with the rest of her mail .
sit down over here , '' he said and placed one plate on the coffee table facing the fireplace and the other right next to it .
interesting day , i ' m thinking , '' he said and dropped his notes onto the white marble coffee table .
uncomfortable at how saffi was looking at him , staffan glanced away , and this time he noticed the projector waiting on the coffee table .
gabe sat the last set of elves down on the coffee table , right next to the latest copy of interior living today .
their indecent attention was more pronounced at the gala hosted by senator coffee at his mclean , virginia , estate outside of d.c . logan had been invited there after the presentation , the perfect opportunity to pitch his system .
` ` papa thinks i ' m spending too much effort on the past , '' he said trivially , setting the framed picture on the coffee table .
after locating one in the coffee table drawer , he signed the document in all the appointed places and handed it to her with a smile .
she leaned toward the coffee table .
lecie put the laptop on the coffee table .
` ` anyway , '' she said loudly , setting the basket down atop a hand - carved coffee table that probably cost more than her monthly house payment .
` ` fine , '' julie said , studying him surreptitiously across the width of the coffee table .
jerking her gaze away , julie turned and started silently down the hall , but before she took the second step , he said without turning : ` ` the list of everyone who was on the set the day of the murder is on the coffee table . ''
` ` because i 'll be damned if i 'll make love to you while you 're wearing another man 's ring- '' a billion - year - old diamond , appraised at a quarter of a million dollars , bounced unceremoniously onto the coffee table .
please help yourself to coffee and pastries by the coffee table over there . ''
she points to the blueprints on the coffee table .
` ` sure , the remote is on the coffee table . ''
` ` good , '' she said , reaching for a yellow marker in a coffee table basket .
* * * friday and saturday saw more gifts delivered - a coffee table book of pictures from the poconos and concert tickets to phillip phillips .
a large flat - screen tv dominated the living room , which had a black leather couch and love seat , coffee table and one end table with an open soda can on it .
she shook her head , tried to pick up her briefcase , then watched in horror as it slipped from her fingers and slid beneath his coffee table .
elec was n't ready for the hit and he went crashing into the coffee table , then dropped down onto the floor hard .
the fat coffee table books were shelved in their built - ins , the glassware polished like crystals .
charlotte pointed to a large invitation on the coffee table .
the sound of a rock song i did n't know blasted from the coffee table , where he 'd left his phone .
wile e. coyote was busy chasing the roadrunner and i laughed and set the remote back on the coffee table .
i sigh and look at the coffee table .
` ` that 's right , '' she said , bringing a bottle of pinot noir to the coffee table in the living room .
` ` thousands of coffee bean growers across the globe would disagree with you . ''
` ` no , you do n't , '' jamie says , plonking down on the antique cherrywood coffee table i 'd brought with me from texas .
` ` it 's on the coffee table .
i tell myself i should set it back down on the coffee table and walk away , but i do n't .
he leaned forward and set his glass on the mahogany coffee table .
she set the glass down abruptly on the coffee table .
` ` yeah , and i have all my equipment set up , '' he said , pointing at small mechanical device with various wires and electrodes set up on the coffee table .
let 's talk about the campaign , '' he said , tapping the newspaper spread out on his coffee table .
` ` sometimes , i ' m convinced that you 're actually my fairy godmother , '' i tell her , setting my computer down on the coffee table .
she was fairly certain he would n't overlook her beaming him with that ridiculous silver blob thing on his coffee table .
dane finished his plate and placed it onto the coffee table .
the saturday afternoon of grandfather 's big send - off , tierney was reaching for the bottle of jim beam on his coffee table when the doorbell rang .
his laptop was on the coffee table .
the last flowers i 'd been sent were looking ragged on my coffee table , but i could n't bring myself to throw them away .
i see my clothing folded neatly on the coffee table .
trevor snagged the receiver off the coffee table and answered , ` ` hello ? ''
move the coffee table . ''
` ` reach for the edge of the coffee table . ''
without his trucks , cars , trains and books scattered across the coffee table .
georgia perched on the edge of the coffee table .
it took every bit of restraint to act passive when he had visions of kicking the coffee table over , pinning her to the carpet and f**king her until she came at least twice .
you might wan na move the coffee table . ''
she did n't mention the half - empty bottle of laphroaig on the coffee table in his living room .
as if pulled by an unseen hand , grace felt herself drawn toward the coffee table and the book .
` ` i wish i could destroy this thing , '' he snarled , returning it to the coffee table .
amanda arched her brow as she looked at the multitude of truffle wrappers scattered on the coffee table in front of her , and her copy of claiming the highlander on the end table .
and on the couch , the kitchen counter , the floor , the coffee table , and- '' ` ` oh , my god , tmi - way too much information .
someone had moved the coffee table .
wulf reached for his drink on the coffee table .
` ` pam , '' kim chided as she set the pizza on the coffee table .
maris sat down on the other side of the coffee table , on a comfortable stuffed chair .
it hit the edge of the coffee table and shattered , splashing water across the polished wood floor .
they were on a smashed coffee table , kat on top of my sister .
i walked to where he stood and placed the trophy i 'd won at the miss sunshine pageant , or some stupid shit name like that , on the coffee table .
` ` after i came home and i saw those papers on the coffee table , '' he corrected , eyes flashing almost black .
` ` come in , '' i said , gesturing at the wingback chair by the coffee table .
` ` well , then ... '' ben slaps his hand on the coffee table .
he gestures to the chair positioned across the coffee table , facing him .
it added fuel to the flame when i absorbed the fact that a red - haired vamp i did n't know was standing on eric 's coffee table ( in high heels ! )
even the ashtray was out of sight , and someone had positioned a large bowl over the worst gouge marks on the coffee table .
he leaned across the coffee table , all confidential and intense .
` ` have a marshmallow , rachel , '' newt said , leaning over the coffee table to hand it to me .
` ` i knew you would n't believe me , '' nick said , and ivy shoved the coffee table into his shins to get him to shut up .
nick pushed the coffee table away from his knees , and ivy pushed it back .
jenks , too , was looking ill , and he moved to the decorative bowl of pinecones on the coffee table .
he had n't moved from the coffee table .
a willing slave , he closed the distance , shoving the coffee table out of the way and breaking its legs .
` ` would ' ve been nice to do this on the coffee table , '' he muttered .
she whipped around and jumped backward , placing a coffee table between them .
he stumbled backward with a hiss and smacked into the coffee table .
` ` i read the lore , '' she admitted sheepishly , and only then did he notice the small stack of leather - bound books on her coffee table .
a large aztec woven ottoman serves as a coffee table .
` ` that would be an affirmative , '' i mumbled , straightening the coffee table .
i think they wish we had somehow been switched at birth , '' i said , wiping the coffee table with a dust rag .
i did n't say anything , tossing my phone on the coffee table .
they knocked over the coffee table , sent glasses shattering to the floor .
i bumped into the coffee table , pushing it over .
i set a spare key for you on the coffee table . ''
it flew wide , bouncing off the coffee table with a clatter .
` ` and they called it puppy love ... '' he sang in a booming baritone between heaving guffaws , coming out to tidy the coffee table .
` ` and there 's a stack of personnel files here that has the name of our killer in it somewhere , '' he added as he pointed to the files henninger had put on the coffee table .
` ` if we were n't here , '' she went on more gently as she sat on the coffee table opposite zane and crossed her legs daintily , ` ` we would be drowning in paperwork . ''
` ` completely certifiable , '' deuce provided without looking at either of them as he examined a bowl full of peanuts on the coffee table .
then , below the melody , was the unmistakable sound of the coffee table being shoved off the rug onto the hardwood , away from the center of the room .
marshall 's living room takes shape ; the sofa , the coffee table , the piano in the distance - it comforts me on some intrinsic level as i relax into the loving arms that hold me .
` ` found this hidden beneath a stack of magazines on the coffee table . ''
` ` that 's the thing '' -i move the candle to the coffee table before we set the entire building on fire- '' i think maybe we should be more than a game .
did that magic eight ball on the coffee table tell you ? ''
i rolled my eyes and grinned at the same coffee table i was looking at earlier .
except that we do n't open one , we open all four of them and eat straight out of the containers at the crap coffee table in front of my couch .
` ` bathroom faucet , '' she answers , kneeling down in front of the coffee table and setting to work on building a gravity bong .
` ` after we 're done with this , maybe you can help me move the coffee table over from the wall .
` ` just so you know , '' i inform him , ` ` one day , i ' m going to get tired of sharing your affection with that coffee table and i ' m going to make you choose . ''
he waited for callum to set down a small satchel on the coffee table and sit before he took his seat , looked at callum and repeated , ` ` really , your grace , she 's seriously pretty . ''
* * * * * ` ` fuck it , '' i muttered , leaning forward and putting my laptop on benny 's coffee table .
i put my plate on the coffee table , saying , ` ` gon na get forks and napkins . ''
she was looking at the coffee table but she nodded .
` ` rocky says girls do n't like dirty houses , '' he shouted over the vacuum then blondie lost interest in jas and attacked tripp and jasper grabbed the handle of the vacuum again and started pushing it under the coffee table .
layne ignored his mother , leaned forward , nabbed the remote from the coffee table and found another football game .
` ` please , mike , '' i whispered , turning away , setting my glass on the coffee table and mike leaned into me , setting his glass beside mine and his arms pulled me to him again .
she looked to the side , murmuring , ` ` coffee table . ''
it was coming , no amount of swallowing was going to stop it and if she did n't find a bathroom and soon , it would be all over the dainty coffee table .
then i threw it on the coffee table .
he was motionless on the floor because on his way down he smashed his head against cordova 's coffee table and it knocked him out .
there were oreos , chips ahoy , four different types of milanos and a plethora of other pepperidge farms choices , nutter butters , pecan sandies and a variety of archway and entenmanns on the coffee table in front of me .
` ` no , that 's actually not true , and this is why- '' i leaned forward and banged my head against the coffee table a few times .
cassia gasps , clutching the edges of the coffee table .
it 's over there on the coffee table . ''
the last time it sat unfinished , the woman he 'd mistakenly brought home had thought it would be sexy to swipe it off onto the floor so that he could do her on top of the coffee table .
doing a woman he 'd picked up at a hollywood event on top of his coffee table was something a movie star did .
in spite of the fact that he probably could n't hear her , she pointed wildly at the coffee table .
on the coffee table by the chair .
disgusted with herself , she threw the knife at the coffee table with such force , it knocked off- ` ` fucking hell !
he stared at the persian rug underneath his coffee table .
his computer waited on the coffee table .
jaw set , he slammed his glass down on the coffee table .
seeing his gun below the coffee table not far away , she wondered if she could reach it .
fortunately , he had n't set it on top of the coffee table .
the couch , coffee table , even the pictures , had probably been purchased from a discount store .
robert did n't need a sofa or a coffee table because he did n't entertain , and he did n't have a tv .
dwight asked , cutting to the chase by tossing the offer conner had faxed to the napa house onto the coffee table .
` ` there 's always room for you with me , on every coffee table , '' he said .
( and maybe why noel usually ended up on the coffee table . )
knox slammed his fist into a worn wooden coffee table , and half the group jumped .
he slammed down the glass on the coffee table .
when i fell i hit the end of the coffee table on my forehead .
all the remotes are on the coffee table .
pencils in the kitchen by the to - do list or the bible stories bingo game on the coffee table .
` ` but you want to know too , '' i remind him , grabbing a handful of skittles out of the candy bowl on the coffee table .
` ` for someone who 's so into movies , you 're seriously movie - deprived , '' he says as he sets the pizza box down on the coffee table .
jax reaches for a can of soda on the coffee table .
the null drug sitting on the coffee table .
we both went flying down on top of the coffee table , causing it to collapse underneath of us .
my father stood in front of the collapsed coffee table .
he looked at the box on the coffee table .
he put the book , open to the flyleaf , on the coffee table .
gordon glanced at the volume on the coffee table .
this is coffee country . ''
then , very carefully , she set the glass back down on the white stone coffee table without taking a sip .
they landed on the rug , barely missing the coffee table .
anybody who had any academic pretensions at vincent college had it on his coffee table .
he 'd put out a bunch of tiny santa figurines on the coffee table , and cinnamon potpourri , too .
after a while , quentin brought in a bowl of salsa with tortilla chips and set it on the coffee table where sarah could reach it and not disturb wendy .
he clicked the phone off and placed it far away on the coffee table in distaste , then pulled his computer back onto his knees .
she was sitting right in the middle of the overturned coffee table .
alexei was sitting as still as if he 'd taken a huge tranquilizer , his synthetic blood sitting on the coffee table in front of him with only a sip missing .
ryan sits on the coffee table in front of me , elbows resting on his knees , and asks , ` ` what 's wrong ? ''
taking my hand from his , i grab my glass of wine from the coffee table and take a sip when he asks , ` ` do you know what he 's doing for your birthday ? ''
i kick the coffee table but it does n't break .
` ` yeah , it 's on the coffee table with the mail , '' she says , looking up at me with those soft green eyes of hers .
without looking up from his phone he replies , ` ` yeah , i dumped it on the coffee table when i came in . ''
` ` you do n't remember a similar situation , oh maybe four months ago , where i walked and found daniel plowing you on the coffee table ? ''
i asked with a chuckle , pointing at the dog - eared copy of vogue lying on the coffee table .
the coffee table rattled .
` ` i just want you to keep your damn feet off the coffee table .
just stubbed her toe on the coffee table . ''
` ` you adopted him , '' i said when romeo sat on the coffee table in front of me .
it moved slower than the energy so he was able to dodge it , but it landed on the edge of his sleek glass coffee table , shattering the entire sheet of glass .
i smiled and glanced at the centerpiece of the coffee table .
paused beside his coffee table to study the bowl of smooth stones .
` ` no doubt an entire plantation of coffee beans , a factory , smokestacks billowing my scent . ''
greaves deeply disliked him , the way he lounged so casually , several lines of cocaine splayed out in precise order on a glass coffee table in front of him .
he gestured to the coffee table .
knocking his knee on the coffee table , he stumbled back .
the keys are on the coffee table . ''
especially since it will just end up in a pile on my coffee table . ''
a glass on the coffee table ...
she reached for the touring turkey book on the coffee table .
she set her cup on the far end of the coffee table .
eliza took a cookie off the serving plate on the coffee table and broke it in two .
i nod , staring at a stack of books on the coffee table .
her cheekbones do n't match one another , one of them having been slammed into the coffee table several times a few months back .
besides , she could toss the coffee table onto his head and he would n't do a damn thing about it .
those are impressive , '' she says , putting the glasses down on the coffee table and touching one of the flowers .
did n't bang into her coffee table or walk into a couch .
magazines were neatly stacked on the coffee table .
` ` all right , '' i said shakily , placing the mirror on the coffee table .
` ` here 's the copy of the bill , '' she said as she set it down on the coffee table .
` ` sorry , mr . carraway , '' i murmured , placing the tray on the coffee table in front of him .
i put the phone back on the coffee table .
i went flying across the room and caught my hip on the coffee table as i went down . ''
other than a picture on the corner of the coffee table , that was it in terms of anything with a personal touch .
he hovered just over the edge of the coffee table looking contrite .
though that could have something to do with the immense amounts of alcohol bottles and cans and glasses littered across the coffee table and bookshelves and every other flat surface .
and in a gesture that no one misses , kalli sits on the floor on the other side of the coffee table .
` ` far up in the hills ; that 's where they grow the coffee and indigo - the sugarcane grows better near the coast . ''
he owns twelvetrees - you know , the large coffee plantation ?
inside , the ground had been cleared , and planted in sugarcane and coffee .
a - hunting we will go september 15 , 1778 first watchung mountain there was a neat mound of droppings by the path , dark and glistening as coffee beans and much the same size .
` ` here you go , nyelle , '' tess says , reaching over the coffee table to hand nicole a mug .
and i ca n't do that with a gorgeous , half - naked man sitting a coffee table away .
i walk straight to the leather - bound hotel guide on the coffee table .
he tossed it carelessly on the coffee table .
` ` definitely , '' he responded , placing his mug on the coffee table in front of him .
alexander put the file he was reviewing on the coffee table .
whatever the hell her name is , '' i muttered , tossing my phone on the coffee table .
read this rem tossed the folder across the coffee table .
she looked at a mans picture on the cover of the conglomerate world magazine lying on a coffee table , and the headline read , topa , climbing the ladder of success ?
she glanced at the coffee table at an issue of the conglomerate world magazine with the headline topa murdered !
she motioned to the coffee table .
thursday , april 3rd 2014 whoops , i did nt get to record yesterdays events as i left my pad on the sofa instead of on the charger in the coffee table overnight .
he gestured toward a second cup on the coffee table .
in the shade of the pear tree forest coffee bushes ran wild , growing clusters of red berries in a dense thicket and attracting flocks of very loud yellow and green canaries .
* * * the next morning the rain was gone and the suns were shining in the coffee sky casting a warm glow over the pear tree rainforest .
he turned to andrea and struck the coffee table while he enunciated .
milton sat the box of equipment on the coffee table .
let 's go upstairs for some privacy , '' relli said , leaving the rag and furniture polish on the half - dusted coffee table .
rachel frowned at the ipod and put it back down on the coffee table .
the president pounds his fist on the coffee table and shouts , damn it !
this last word was uttered while lifting the damaged coffee table book from the dining room table .
john would usually be around , slouched in his armchair telling tales or knelt at the coffee table playing cards .
gil had positioned himself a couple seats away and covered the ploy with a feigned interest in a magazine from the coffee table .
dante swings away , danica grabs a bottle from a coffee table and uses it as a knife against her aggressors .
rumours started to spread in newsprint and in coffee shop gossip .
he tossed the paper down on the coffee table , where they could all see the eight - column headline : ` ` dangchao killed '' .
when he saw the surprised look on their faces , he added , ` ` i read about it in a magazine on the coffee table ... this afternoon . ''
the jar of shrinking nuts was still on the coffee table , near the bathroom door .
i picked up a large coffee table book then flipped through the pages until i found a large map of ancient egypt .
my elegant / awesome dive kept going after i launched my frag and did nt stop until i crashed through the sixth story window of the opposite building , landing hard on my armored stomach and skidding almost twenty feet before stopping when my helmet connected with the leg of a coffee table .
corpult slammed his hand against the coffee table , cracking the glass .
corpult slammed his hand again on the coffee table , and this time it shattered , making the man give a startled cry .
the president put his glass down on a coffee table and sat down slowly .
mrs . gromlich laid the platter down on rusty 's coffee table , while betty rushed into the kitchenette for forks , napkins and cups .
as she scuttled away , the lizard picked up a cut - glass ashtray from a coffee table , and poured some of the water into it .
simon winked again , setting the object on the coffee table .
they always had holidays at grandmas , and holidays not only meant that he did nt have to go to school , but he also got spoiled and grandma kept a dish of candy on the coffee table .
a coffee table .
the girl pushed aside a battered coffee table .
discarded rugs acted as carpet while a solid coffee table gave the room a centre .
a sofa lounged around towards the centre , a coffee table standing by its side should it require somebody to talk to .
all the seats could be rotated so they could use the coffee table as a table for meals or a conference table , or whatever suited their needs .
its no use showing up right on time , if you fuse your leg through the coffee table .
abraham watched robb clear the blemished coffee table between them .
a copy of the morning london thymes lay face - up on samantha 's coffee table .
the coffee table had been knocked aside .
she leaned forward and set her glass on the coffee table .
at the coffee table luckman hunched over a swanson 's chicken tv dinner , eating in big clumsy mouthfuls while he watched a western on tv .
luckman had two lids of grass before him on the coffee table plus a can of beer ; he was inspecting the grass .
we 'll have to determine its weaknesses , patrol pacing , and so on before we - ` ` i interrupted him by slapping a piece of notebook paper down on the coffee table .
i was inspecting them both on the coffee table , familiarizing myself with their function , and wondering if i should be planning to file off the serial numbers or something .
she toppled backward , off balance , crashing against the glass coffee table , sprawling on the ground .
the file wu had brought , stamped animal development : version 4.4 , lay on the coffee table .
` ` we 're out of booze , '' he said , setting it back down on the coffee table .
he marked his place in the book he had been reading and put it down on the coffee table .
it is perhaps an hour 's carriage ride from the outskirts of the city , and borders great cliffs over the beaches ; and is famed for its large house and other fine buildings , containing as it does an entire city with blacksmith and leatherworks and seamstresses and weavers and furniture makers all within its many arpents , which are planted with coffee and indigo , and yield a great fortune with each harvest .
once again i was questioned about my journey , about life in amsterdam , and the present state of things in europe , which related to the importation of coffee and indigo , and told that i should become very weary of life in the plantations , for nobody did anything but eat and drink and seek pleasure , and so forth and so on , until suddenly charlotte broke off gently and gave the order to the black slave , reginald , that he should go and fetch the old man and bring him down ' he has been talking to me all day , ' she said quietly to the others , with a vague look of triumph ' indeed , a miracle ! '
they made up the ever increasing number of ' cousins ' who were a constant factor in mayfair life for the next one hundred years there are numerous published drawings of mane claudette 's plantation house and even several photographs in old books , now out of print it was large even for the period and , predating the ostentatious greek revival style , it was a simple colonial structure with plain rounded columns , a pitched roof , and galleries , much like the house in saint - domingue it was two rooms thick , with hallways bisecting it from north to south and east to west , and had a full lower floor , as well as a very high and spacious attic floor the plantation included two enormous gargonmeres where the male members of the family lived , including lestan in his later widowhood , and his four sons , all of whom went by the name of mayfair ( maurice always lived in the main house ) marie claudette was every bit as successful in louisiana as she and her ancestors had been in saint - dommgue once again , she cultivated sugar , but gave up the cultivation of coffee and tobacco she bought smaller plantations for each of lestan 's sons , and gave lavish gifts to their children and their children 's children from the first weeks of their arrival , the family was regarded with awe and suspicion mane claudette frightened people , and entered into a number of disputes in setting up business in louisiana , and was not above threatening anyone who stood in her path she bought up enormous numbers of slaves for her fields , and in the tradition of her ancestors , treated these slaves very well but she did not treat merchants very well , and drove more than one merchant off her property with a whip , insisting that he had tried to cheat her she was described by the local witnesses as ' formidable ' and ' unpleasant , ' though still a handsome woman and her personal slaves and free mixed - blood servants were greatly feared by the slaves she purchased in louisiana within a short time , she was heralded as a sorceress by the slaves on her land , it was said that she could not be deceived , and that she could give ' the evil eye , and that she had a demon whom she could send after anyone who crossed her brother lestan was more generally liked , and apparently fell in at once with the drinking and gambling planter class of the area henri mane landry , her husband , seems to have been a likable but passive individual who left absolutely everything to his wife he read botanical journals from europe and collected rare flowers from all over the south and designed and cultivated an enormous garden at riverbend he died in bed , in 1824 , after receiving the sacraments in 1799 marie claudette gave birth to the last of her children , marguerite , who later became the designee of the legacy , and who lived in marie claudette 's shadow until marie claudette 's death in .
half a dozen veteran wardens lay sprawled on couches napping , sat in chairs reading books , or played chess with an old set upon a coffee table .
he produced from the coffee table one of those masonite boards on which we have mounted resistors , solar batteries , transistors , wiring and the like , for display .
instead of sugar cane and coffee beans in the 1900s , now you want new drugs , you need new guinea pigs to experiment on .
three white porcelain cups , all half - full of a brown tea , sat on the coffee table before them .
` ` we 're discussing martin 's notes , '' kate said , pointing to the page on the coffee table .
he tossed the page back on the coffee table .
the suitcase computer still rested on the coffee table .
` ` we 're not doing this , '' she said , putting the caps back in the vials and setting them on the coffee table .
the first strike split the coffee table down the middle , its two sides caving inward .
they 'd burned through the coffee table in two hours , and now the victorian was plunging back into the deep freeze .
my recorder sits on the edge of the coffee table .
he screams , picking up the coffee table and firing it at a walker .
i start by gathering up the trash from the coffee table and floor .
he smashes the fat end against the coffee table in reply , but the bottles so heavy and the tables so flimsy , the table just falls apart , knocking plastic glasses and blue napkins and glittery confetti everywhere .
i have a short and easy exercise for you , which i can conduct here at this coffee table .
a very complicated looking universal remote lay on the coffee table within easy reach of the couch and the armchair .
his mobile phone and keys were not on the coffee table .
the conclusion : papa is at the moment laying his rifle on the coffee table in the sitting room , preparing to clean it when sage gets here .
he has sage sit in the chair opposite to him , the coffee table separates them .
he closes it quickly and reaches for his whiskey glass on the coffee table .
the house was busy with people coming and going from room to room , getting food , watching tv , solving a puzzle on the coffee table , walking outside by the pool .
the interior of the home was relatively clean excluding the countless myriad of random bags and containers surrounding the coffee table , end - tables and sofa of the living room .
well eat on the coffee table , tonight .
he went behind his desk and pulled out the blueprints for the underground and passed them to bran , who spread them on the coffee table .
i turned the coffee table in front of me onto its side .
ramon walked by the table with the portrait to reach for the remote control on the coffee table .
elder eleni leaned forward and set her tea cup on the coffee table .
nina flew back and knocked april aside as she fell into the coffee table ; she hit it so hard her head bounced , and she lay still .
that witch kurma had kicked her into the coffee table .
jon had seen him do a line of coke the width of a coffee table .
they treated me like something in their way , like a coffee table that skinned your shin or a rolled up rug that tripped you .
he took it down and laid it on the coffee table , examining the extensive rocky coast that made up central maine .
i have been thinking of this at great length , he sat across from me ; ignoring the fact that coffee table was still on the other side of the room in pieces .
cartons and loads of for - grown - ups - specifically cornflakes on every shelf and cabinet , bars and never - ending masses of chocolate , bottles of drinks lying all over the floorokay , if he was a dirt - free man rather than a filthy one , then this was how his suite would be like : cigarette - smelling , neat bottles of alcohol on shelves and counter tops and coffee tables , the most up - to - date english tea served in his study , and so on .
the biosphere are listed as cameroon , zimbabwe , chad and ghana which produces yams , oil palms , coffee , teff , finger millet , peas , lentil , cotton , watermelon , gourds , wild animal population of goats , oxen and cattle , sorghum and rice and gold and copper in the mines and spices and no lions , elephants , tigers or hyenas and cheetahs , deer , camels and giraffes , apes and monkeys .
ill just leave the plate on the coffee table .
my heart stopped as i dived under a coffee table , taking small careful peeks .
the man on the love seat jerked so violently after the second jolt that he was kicking the coffee table hard enough to cause some of the beer bottles to fall .
poodle was struggling to move the couch ; all sorts of shit impeded him , pizza guy , pepino , the coffee table .
everything was scattered in disarray : lamps knocked over , the coffee table overturned .
he simply looked up at the leg of the coffee table .
making contact , the leg of the coffee table exploded , shattering into countless tiny pieces .
he was looking at a shelf under the coffee table .
well , just leave it on the coffee table .
the number of soldiers killed in the great war , '' jonathan answered , unfurling the newspaper and laying it out on the coffee table .
bob grabbed the book , which had been left on the coffee table overnight , and opened it at the centre .
the entire next day was given up to examining the contents of the books they d placed on the coffee table the previous day .
they did nt waste any time , and it was nt long before they returned with their haul , and dropped it on the coffee table in front of jason .
two hours elapsed , in which kevin and bob collected books , stacking them up on the coffee table , before settling down to examine them .
the usual mix of books began piling up on the coffee table , as the day progressed .
bob won the race to the coffee table and the handset .
bob took a calculator from the coffee table , and nodded his agreement with jason as he first checked the information from the book , and then pressed the keys .
vadim also spotted magazines in bright covers on the coffee table .
the sue rodriguez book lies on her lap closed ; smokey is curled up beside her ; and the manual of strategies sits on the coffee table in front of her .
there are still glasses on the coffee table .
do things like put paper away in file drawers , line up books on shelves , clean off the surface of her coffee table and desk those newspapers ca nt stay scattered on the table anymore keep the kitchen counters clear , put the dishes straight into the dishwasher , remove knick - knacks from surfaces and put them behind glass in orderly positions , have cds in their place , not flung about on top of the stereo .
the silver tea set on the coffee table all stained and oxidized .
do you know the costa coffee , just down from the city group tower at canary wharf ?
michael was his fathers best friend from university , a successful coffee trader who spent half his time jetting between new york , costa rica and colombia .
down the slope from the rumah panjai the coffee colored river slid by , sinister in its silence and high even in the middle of the dry season , its surface broken only by the odd whirlpool and floating , rotting logs , the far bank crowded by the jungle chaos of central borneo .
wagen got shot in the backside and the kidneys , before being dropped onto a glass coffee table , smashing it .
his father was a very successful coffee merchant and carlos was his first and only child .
we became a coffee export company and completed a month - long course in the mountains learning about colombian coffee to use as our cover .
richard harshly pulled his finger along assorted volumes of spiritual encyclopaedia , through the summoning texts and to a large , age old book which he tapped violently with his index finger before ripping it from the bookcase and effectively slamming it onto the coffee table .
behind the coffee table was a love seat .
silas was able to get to his feet in time to be hit in the stomach and then receive an uppercut that sent him onto the wooden coffee table breaking it .
melanie strode down the driveway to delano road , wishing their publisher was nt holding her to the contract for this final coffee table book .
you do the coffee table books .
i have nt written even one coffee table book .
the coffee table book everyone should have ?
* * * after a bowl of cereal and a short conversation with officer pettis over the phone , tag threw away in the communal dumpster his heap of computer parts and splinters of coffee table , sheets and mangled mattress .
you saw your coffee table , did you not ?
we sat in front of the tv for a while and then john helped us move the coffee table and pull the bed out of the sofa .
why do nt you leave them on the coffee table and well have jake look at them when he gets here .
ill take it here , '' vanessa said and pointed at the guest phone on a side coffee table .
` ` party pooper , '' i mumbled under my breath as i gently replaced the chimney sweep in his position of honour on a low , duncan fyfe coffee table .
he pulled out twenty thousand dollars and put it on the coffee table in front of them and said that each of them would get five thousand once they agreed to do the mission .
steve walked in and sat his books down of the coffee table .
caleb sat on the coffee table before me and glanced at the staircase .
caleb grabbed the map from the kitchen and laid it on the coffee table for me .
then maybe its someone with inside - cia connections , said cat , picking up a newspaper from the coffee table next to the metal - framed arm chairs in which they sat .
put the briefcase on the coffee table and take your clothes off , '' clendon said .
are there any books of your work , you know , a coffee table art book or something ?
can you bring that large book that s sitting on the coffee table ?
penny took lorrie and helped her find her nipple and soon she was sucking voraciously at pennys breast.-when tommy started squirming , chrissy decided he would be getting hungry , too.-so , she nursed him and he settled down immediately.-when they were finished eating , the mothers burped them and they both went right to sleep.-then they put them down in their car seat / carriers and set them on the coffee table.-they were definitely the center of attention.- they did nt really look like twins but they were nearly the same size.-tommy had weighed eight pounds and two ounces and lorrie had balanced the scales at seven pounds and fourteen ounces.-tommy had been almost two inches longer , though , than lorrie ann.-the dainty features of the little girl were topped by lots of longish , dark hair that looked as if it might curl.-fiery red hair with blond highlights and almost invisible eyebrows were tommys prominent features along with more than a hint of a dimple in both cheeks .
it was , in fact , a small coffee plantation originally developed as a german finca by immigrants fleeing to mexico after the war .
for the time being he was content to wait , work to build his stature in the drug culture and amass sufficient funds to finance his final operation all under the guise of a small , remote coffee plantation ... ... .. he forced himself to be patient living on the dreams of retribution .
the coffee business was quite legitimate as this part of mexico was the principle area for its production , particularly on the lower slopes of the sierra madre de chiapas .
callahan was dead , lou phillips was alive and well , managing a coffee business in tapachula , mexico .
sitting in his living room in san jose julio studied the map on the coffee table .
in behind us are primarily coffee plantations and the odd cattle ranch . ''
chapter 20 ` ` we found her car , '' dave rowden , robbie and jen sat around the speakerphone on the coffee table in the study .
` ` they drop it off at a coffee plantation in the foothills outside of town . ''
from the corner , a tall halogen lamp sent soft light spilling over the living rooms white walls , hard wood floors , worn couch , coffee table , armchair , bookshelves and television .
eli and dinah went rolling against the coffee table .
he dropped it on the coffee table .
bob picked up his copy of the straits times that he had thrown on the coffee table , going back to the story about the professor , chu .
she brought them out and set one on the coffee table in front of rick .
i have her in senator coffees office with five agents .
in their wake they leave sets of life sized antlers and horns , tossing to and fro amongst the thickets of coffee which have suddenly sprung up .
it is becoming clearer now ... black , red and green , somewhere in africa , where they grow coffee , and obviously have a large amount of safari to tempt the tourists .
he muttered , knocking the coffee table aside and dragging wren to the floor .
no stained mugs near the sink , no open books on the coffee table , no smells .
he was killed in a plane accident last week '' the woman stretched out and placed her cup on the coffee table in front .
they were on a glass of whiskey and also on the coffee table in the room where he was shot .
` ` welcome oga butu , come in and have a seat , '' he gestured toward the seat opposite his with a coffee table separating them .
remons stood again , this time stepping over the coffee table separating them .
i woke up the next morning to the sound of my cellphone , which was on the coffee table , going off .
they sat crossed legged on the floor , facing each other and used the coffee table , which was actually a knotty pine trunk , to eat the not so glamorous snack .
in response to her request , nathan reached for a laptop computer that was among the magazines on the coffee table .
sheila put the paper down on the coffee table and looked at jerry.this is going to be interesting for dominex , '' she ventured .
try the coffee table .
we met up with him and estrella in a charming mountain coffee growing region in the town of boquete .
we bought those eleven hectares ; eleven hectares of paradise , a garden of amazing organic coffee planted among alluring orange and lemon groves .
his coffee yield was down 80 % due to coffee rust , a crippling fungus brought on by increasing rainfall .
his coffee yield was down 80 % due to coffee rust , a crippling fungus brought on by increasing rainfall .
i , at least , tried to enjoy the beauty of walking among the coffee plantations and savoring the smell of burning pine coming from the fires in the small shacks of the indian coffee pickers .
the girls eagerly jumped into the hot tub overlooking the valley of coffee farms .
he began to scanning the hard wood floors and moving the couch , coffee table , bookcase , and stereo player aside in frantic search for his pet .
nevertheless , they made it out of the city alive , the buildings giving way to sprawling maize and wheat estates and coffee plantations .
farmers who live in that area , risking meeting these cheetahs and being bitten by the colorful snakes , grow a variety of coffee called typica .
i repeatedly smashed the phone into the coffee table .
i spied an ashtray on the coffee table , took out a smoke and lit it .
linda whacked the coffee table with both hands .
the coffee haus in the palisades village was one of them .
dorrian - smith leaned forward and pounded the coffee table in front of him .
the place is in coffee country , right ?
the sign showed a coffee plantation house shining white in the sun , surrounded by lush ferns and banyan trees .
i m heading south , into coffee country .
alii drive narrowed and twisted until it reached a dead end just north of coffee country .
about a half - mile south , they came to a road that ran east up into higher hills , still deeper within kona coffee country .
probably had bongs and bags of it on the fucking coffee table .
she did nt think shed seen him staying here , she added but then a lot of people just pass through heading for coffee country .
the trail then seemed to end up next was a link for someplace called the krieger estates , a coffee plantation turned resort .
a map link showed it to be just south of here , higher into the hills , where south kona and its storied coffee country began .
a couple weeks down there , the woman had explained , got you the full treatment at what used to be one of konas prime coffee plantations luxurious spa , lots of golf , coffee bean picking and roasting , romantic dining .
a former coffee plantation turned into a glorified resort , krieger estates was minutes from captain cook by car .
straight ahead , kona coffee country radiated green far below ( even with the clouds ) , and the ocean at the horizon sparkled turquoise .
they passed the manago hotel on the old highway and headed north , skirting the lush green slopes of kona coffee country , now dimming for night .
blue sky and sun had filled the rows of windows , and the view of kona coffee country and the pacific stretching to the horizon had been stunning , but down here in his high - back rattan chair he could not see any of it .
at the far end of the coffee table , she bent down and picked up a nickel - sized object from the carpet .
thumb - worn trade publications were scattered across a coffee table .
it was like the little engine that could , winding ever upward through forests underlain with shade - grown coffee shrubs , their berries burgeoning but still green .
she struck the bowl of it on the coffee table ; it shattered , leaving the base with a sharp stem .
he lost his balance and dropped , landing full atop the coffee table and bouncing off .
chapter sixteen during the middle years of the first decade of the twenty first century , when the passion for reclaiming the skies in terms of earthly constructions was at its peak , and when the idea of the worlds tallest building had once again captured the general publics imagination , in a way that had not been the case since the manhattan boom years of the 1930s , a semi - humorous coffee table book entitled six easy steps to constructing the worlds tallest building was the unexpected summer best - seller on both sides of the atlantic , briefly propelling its author - a mild - mannered , jobbing architect , appropriately rejoicing under the name of storey - into something of a minor celebrity , much to that individuals obvious bewilderment and discomfort on the several occasions that he was asked to impart further words of wisdom to an eagerly expectant global public in front of the television cameras .
jamal looked at him and grabbed the half - empty bottle of vodka from the coffee table , taking a deep drink , you re a fool .
she kicked the coffee table .
he took a deep drink of his scotch , found that small paper in the coffee table drawer opened it and inhaled the contents .
she rushed up to the drawing room and indeed , laying upon the coffee table was a beautiful bouquet of flowers in creams , purples and yellows .
sophie laid the gold key on the coffee table in front of vernet , placing the priory seal face down .
` ` brought you a sandwich , '' rick said , placing a bag on the cluttered coffee table .
a le corbusier chaise and a noguchi coffee table .
` ` bellamy here , '' he said , speaking loudly toward the phone on the coffee table .
darley - higgins ... oh , please hold , senator ... darley - higgins , yes , thank you ... '' i picked up a brochure from the coffee table .
dh holdings owns an internet bank and '' - he consulted his notes - ` ` a coffee - processing plant in brazil .
` ` i also noticed that two of the companies , the mine and the coffee plant , belonged to kruger - brent . ''
he looked at the photograph on his coffee table .
the map of germany was still unfolded on the coffee table .
callahan crossed his feet on the coffee table and relaxed .
the man removed first his pocket watch , placing it on the table , and then a black plastic i d case ; he kept it closed and handed it across the coffee table to latham .
the visitor wearing steel - rimmed glasses leaned forward over the edge of the coffee table ; he continued quietly , firmly , staring into latham 's neutral eyes .
then slowly , with military precision , heleaned over and placed the glass on the coffee table ; it was a gesture of finality the conference was over .
books on ballet and modern dance were scattered about the coffee table ; on shelves were photos of lamontierre on stage and in informal poses with martha graham , mark morris , bill t. jones , and twyla tharp , among others .
he had placed the items he intended to take on the brass coffee table ; he studied them now .
smith indicated the cassette on the coffee table .
he closed the phone book and laid it on the cluttered coffee table .
she placed the copy in the stack on the coffee table , and patted him on the leg .
mitch sat on the coffee table .
stretched forward and signed in both places against the cold hard glass of the coffee table .
i got to get out ... '' she heard him make a sudden blundering rush across the living room , and then there was a loud and frightening crash as he fell over something - the coffee table , most likely .
i put the skull down on jane 's coffee table carefully , as if i might hurt it if i was n't gentle .
was a lot easier to answer than ` ` whose skull is sitting on my coffee table ? ''
` ` this must be so hard for you , '' lia said , putting her feet up on the coffee table .
right now , i need to know if there 's anything other than doilies and porcelain figures on the end tables or the coffee table at the simms house . ''
angie said , ` ` i would feel a lot better if you placed that gun on the coffee table until we leave , eric . ''
anyway , supposedly this union organizer was causing trouble down in el salvador back in the early seventies , threatening trevor stone 's banana , pineapple , and coffee interests .
and one day the workers at one of his coffee bean processing plants are sifting through a vat of beans and they find a foot .
he looked at the bong on the coffee table in front of him and said , ` ` you guys narcs ? ''
a burly man in a proud to be a dot rat t - shirt looked up from a stack of flyers on the coffee table in front of him and said , ` ` beatrice , channel four wants helene at six tomorrow night . ''
he looked down at the coffee table .
` ` i just wanted to go over that coffee table , '' she said eventually , ` ` and gouge his fucking eyes out of his head . ''
bare coffee table , victrola without a wisp of dust or even the tiniest smudge .
we have a sugar plantation in cardenas and a coffee plantation in marianao . ''
when maso fell , he dropped the glass and landed on his knees and his head hit the coffee table .
he and graciela had been in cuba almost a year , staying at first in the guesthouse of one of esteban 's coffee plantations high in the hills of las terrazas , about fifty miles west of havana .
sam asked as if mortimer had said they 'd been hav**g s*x on a coffee table in the living room in front of the whole party .
standing suddenly , jo moved around the coffee table and began to pace the carpet , arms crossed under her br**sts and pushing them up .
` ` you two shove the coffee table out of the way , so we can start nest building . ''
` ` tink 's dildo , '' jenks said softly , falling until he stood on the coffee table .
she not only prepared her own home for emergencies , but he saw the list she 'd been working on laid out on the coffee table , the name of each family housed on the de la cruz lands , and what they needed .
he forced his eyes back to the work that covered the coffee table in front of him .
aislin sits on the coffee table .
my wineglass hit the coffee table just in time for a sneeze .
- coffee table .
the sight of the empty bottle of lag on the coffee table ?
` ` i suppose it 's possible that a whirlwind tore through a coffee plantation , and then possibly a lightning discharge in the upper ether - ` ` ` ` at what point did it blow through a factory making small coffee sacks ? ''
's profile , then passed it on to caprese , who glanced at it , then set it on the coffee table .
on ms . terwilliger 's coffee table ( which was now on fire ) sat a set of five perpetual motion balls .
he shut the book and dropped it on the coffee table with a disturbingly conclusive sound .
damon had smashed the globe against the driftwood coffee table in the exquisite cabin which was shinichi 's secret hideout .
` ` no , tyler , i ' m keeping it out on the coffee table .
they were everywhere : on the coffee table , on the couch , on all the chairs.the floor was so crowded that there was barely any place to put down her duffel bag .
he stashed the empty shotgun under the coffee table .
` ` jenks , '' i warned as cormel and ivy made a spot on the coffee table before the fire .
another voice was talking from the laptop on the coffee table behind him , a young female blood drinker somewhere in the world pleading for reassurance over the wires or airwaves as she poured out her heart .
two weeks after their first post they met in the coffee bean and tea leaf on larchmont .
` ` that kind of dwarfs my tree , '' i said , putting the tray down on the coffee table .
only the coffee table separated us .
` ` ohhhh - kay , '' mom said , finally putting her phone on the coffee table .
` ` my children have moved on , mr . spinoza , '' she said , glancing at my card that was still on the coffee table .
magazines spread neatly over the coffee table .
` ` i do n't know if i can ... when i went there the first time it was entirely by accident and he would n't tell me anything no matter how much i asked him , '' i say , sitting down on the coffee table and studying the crystal ball , still illuminating from the center star .
we end up taking out the coffee table , breaking two of the legs off and cracking the top in half .
` ` we do n't , '' alex says straightforwardly , putting the sword he was sharpening down on the coffee table .
` ` maybe that 's the problem , '' alex states as i put the mapping ball down on the coffee table , frustrated .
he stumbled back , falling off the stairs and hitting a wooden coffee table before rolling off the side and landing on his ass .
he hesitated , then gestured at a case on the coffee table that i had n't noticed before .
the living room was empty except for more signs of intrusion- bashed tv , ripped couch cushions , overturned coffee table .
no magazines on the coffee table .
` ` all of this '' meant the couch he 'd bought with a comment that he wanted something to sit on besides the floor , the tv so supposedly i could watch the news to look out for any telltale headlines , the computer for similar purposes , and the coffee table , end tables , and appliances - well .
he lifted the coffee table and pitched it against the wall ; the glass shattered as he bent at the waist , yelling , ` ` nikki ! ''
bent down , peering closer at the coffee table .
startled , she backed away from the hearth , a cry escaping her lips when she hit a corner of the coffee table and almost fell .
murmuring a quick , ` ` i ' m sorry , '' she backed away from him and cried out as she hit the back of her leg on a corner of the coffee table .
leaning forward , she perused the items displayed under the glass top of the coffee table , wondering if they held any special meaning for santiago , then grimaced as a horrible thought crossed her mind .
` ` i ordered dinner from all my favorite places , '' shirl said , indicating several covered trays on the coffee table .
after a moment 's indecision , she fixed a tall glass of iced tea , grabbed her sunglasses , plucked the latest dean koontz from the coffee table , and went outside to read .
` ` not now , '' she muttered , and stared right at the coffee table in front of her , not wanting to have to face the ghost and her nonsense talk of murder .
he rolled his eyes , settled his cigarette carefully on an ashtray , placed his martini glass on the coffee table then went to the wall .
` ` nathan has always wondered at cori - the way she calls or emails ashe for advice , '' marcus rose from his chair and tossed the television remote onto the coffee table .
overstuffed couches and chairs and glass - topped tables , stacked with coffee table books .
there were no pictures , favorite paintings , or artwork cluttering the wal s. instead , books and comics lay scattered across the coffee table , lined the numerous bookshelves , and sat stacked on his smal computer desk .
` ` your girlfriend is getting warm in there on the coffee table . ''
he lay there nak*d , slumped against a coffee table already back in his human form .
` ` if i hit my leg on the corner of the coffee table again , i 'll be sure to call you right away . ''
she places it on the coffee table in front of us , moving aside an elephant statue .
alex jumps to her feet and the coffee table is sent flying across the room as she shoves it away to clear the barrier between her and rachel .
i did n't know when it had happened in the short time i 'd known him , but dale diamond had obscured tyler vincent like a solar eclipse , leaving only a faded ring , like a faint stain from a mug on a coffee table .
it sailed over the coffee table .
it hit the edge of the coffee table .
you 'll tell mrs . hargrove the plans are on the coffee table , right ? ''
someone had broken the coffee table into five or six pieces .
but what could they be looking for that was small enough to fit in the leg of a coffee table ?
` ` all right , '' she said , setting her wine glass on the coffee table .
i grasped onto the edge of the coffee table , gasping for air .
` ` no , '' i said , sidestepping around the coffee table .
` ` that 's not important , '' i told him and balanced the crystal ball on the coffee table .
he stared at the crystal ball in awe for a moment , and then set it back on the coffee table .
` ` we need to go to the city of crystal , '' i picked up the mapping ball from off the coffee table and turned it around in my hands , ` ` so i can get inside this thing . ''
` ` gemma , you need to know exactly what you 're doing before you even try to go to the city of crystal , '' alex told me , leaning over the coffee table , his eyes stressing the danger .
` ` you 'll need a jacket , '' jai said , coming around the coffee table to stand before her .
` ` cam '' -mom sat on the edge of the coffee table in front of me- '' this has happened before , of course , but each case is different , and you know bex better than anyone- '' ` ` do n't tell her . ''
` ` blueprints , '' she said , but hale was already rolling the spare set of documents onto the coffee table between the sofa and the tv .
a part of her had feared it from the moment she saw the bank statement lying on garrett 's coffee table , as soon as she 'd heard his words on the bridge .
we have a copy on the hillcrest common room coffee table .
the mog flips over me and goes smashing through a coffee table .
daemon unrolled the map on the coffee table .
in front of the middle cushion and behind the coffee table , the space was distorted .
chapter 30 j. fletcher , convict on a road gang somewhere in the god - awful usa miss jacky faber also somewhere in this god - awful usa but no doubt in a state higher than my current one jacky , we shuffle out of the pittsburgh prison at dawn , clad in our prison stripes , left legs shackled by the ankles to a long chain , after having been fed a ration of oatmeal , molasses , and weak coffee , made from some plant that grows wild here and is n't even remotely related to a coffee tree .
he returned to yemen - to harad for the coffee and ivory trade .
he 'd come to aden in ' 84 to make his fortune in the coffee trade , plunking down his life savings on a retired packet steamer that in its day had been the fastest vessel of its class in the british fleet .
he 'd had trouble finding contracts , though - most of the coffee exporters used their own ships to transport their goods to europe - and his hopes to undersell them by buying directly from the growers , thus cutting out the middlemen , had been dashed by the near monopoly held by companies like the one rimbaud used to work for in aden .
he spun round , colliding with the coffee table , lost his balance or perhaps his will to remain upright , and fell to his knees with a keening wail .
heather was glad that they were separated by the coffee table .
but the home was her place , and she was always scrubbing and straightening and yelling at bishop to take his dirty feet off the coffee table , for god 's sake .
` ` what was the thing that looked a lot like a toaster sitting on the coffee table ? ''
connor moved to the coffee table to look at some of the ridiculous modified devices .
it was her droid phone on the coffee table .
let 's put them all on the coffee table . ''
emily jumped up , bumping into the corner of an enormous marble chessboard on the coffee table .
the coffee table could now be used as kindling .
adam stands up so suddenly he nearly knocks over the coffee table .
i copied my notes for you and put them on your coffee table .
miniature models of the machu picchu and overpriced coffee table books depicting its magnificent beauty in scenic pictures , filled the still empty store .
as per usual marita acted the diva queen , perched primly on a reproduction louis xiv chair at the head of the coffee table .
he stood dominantly in the center of the room , the map spread across the coffee table .
i want to be able to bend your sweet little ass over the coffee table whenever i want . ''
` ` do n't tell ann you saw me eating this in here , '' he grinned propping his feet up on a very expensive looking coffee table .
` ` i do n't know how they got voted in at all , '' charlotte mused , fiddling with a ceramic donkey statue on the coffee table .
` ` it was on the coffee table , '' he says in a puzzled voice .
a couple of people egg me on to climb up on the coffee table and sing some more dino , and you can be sure it does n't take much egging .
` ` thank you , '' she said , smiling as i placed the soda on the coffee table .
magazines were scattered across the coffee table .
i pushed the coffee table a little out of the way and i knelt down next to her and started to stroke her hair ... ... ` ` ellie sweetheart wakeup , ellie wake up , sweetheart please wake up . ''
i pushed the coffee table back out of the way .
but he did n't know where to begin to make the little guy appear on the coffee table .
` ` oh yeah , i like that , '' she said , picking up a few empty glasses off the coffee table .
` ` as much as i ever do , '' i say , moving a box of books no one 's bothered to unpack from the floor to the coffee table .
she f**king screwed up my life so god damn badly that i have to control everything just so i wo n't remember how much she controlled me ... '' i trail off as violet walks in front of me , standing between the television and the coffee table .
he pointed to the coffee table .
` ` okay , '' she said , resting her hands on her knees , within reach of the file on the coffee table .
spiky bushes laden with tiny red coffee beans lined the road , and behind them glossy banana plants sprouted , bundles of ripening violet bananas clustering from their stalks .
coroico , with its stunning scenery , picturesque small - town charm , thick with plantings of coffee beans and oranges ?
maria certainly had nt mentioned anything personal about me , apart from my name , but apparently that was enough ; i was obviously the main topic of conversation around every walnut coffee table in london , and i did nt really have to explain to her what i needed , she obviously knew already , and it was a wonderfully nice feeling telling her that no - i did not want a cook / housekeeper ; i wanted a head chef and a housekeeper , along with a butler , and once we both arrived on the same wavelength things then progressed .
move the coffee table and unfold the hide - a - bed .
it did nt matter what it was , a bed , a floor , a coffee table , a couch , a dinner table , a cabinet .
teas were nt new in rome , but coffee beans were indigenous to the americas , resulting in some very jealous romans .
to prove my statement , i have , from 2012 , this so - called gadget lying here on the coffee table .
and the chinese own a large portion of your national debt , she thought , looking down at the coffee table .
he rapped a knuckle on the coffee table as he spoke .
the unsuspecting man dropped like a stone , smashing the antique wooden coffee table under the weight of his fall .
breydens plan to subdue them both in the house failed , as a section of the coffee table flipped over the man , catching breyden across the side of the face .
if he found the gold , maybe he could purchase several thousand acres of land and become a coffee grower .
she could have the wealth she was accustomed to , managing the household while he would supervise the laborers in the coffee fields .
no matter how lucrative the coffee business was , he was nt cut out to lead a boring life on a coffee plantation .
i ran , jumped in the air over the coffee table and landed on the couch .
here is our main fruit area , with one wall which will be grain crops , one wall of six different nuts , and a wall divided between three coffee trees and nine tea plants .
ronika looked down at the scattered tv guides across the coffee table .
our brave military heroes have been relegated to river - sipping since we ca nt seem to find a country with the ability to grow a proper coffee bean .
no other country can grow coffee ?
the 120 hectares of fruit trees is suitably adapted to cacao , coffee , bananas , mangoes .
a couple of lap top computers were open on the coffee table .
` ` cheryl said to tell you that tomi is at the coffee house and will be until 1800 .
sorry , lucas replied , setting the book on the coffee table .
yeah its underneath the coffee table , she says with glee , nodding in the direction of the living room , her wet hands still buried in the sink .
i should have set it on the coffee table .
he ran to the coffee table where the laptop was .
the fat wooden hippo from victoria falls , occupied a place of honour on the coffee table after i had carefully treated a broken leg with superglue .
and if that was n't enough , my foot had touched empty bottles under the coffee table .
daniel finished his water and , rising to leave , he placed the glass near williams on the coffee table .
another solitary journal lies on the coffee table .
he places them in the middle of the coffee table .
david , meanwhile , goes through some papers he finds on the coffee table .
` ` here , we 'll put the clue on this little coffee table , where we can both see it , okay ?
their blood tests must reveal 6082 mg of testocytosan , .07.04 mg of urolinosine , and pure caffeine distilled from coffee beans of south american ( except brazil ) origin .
a skyscraper appeared on the coffee table , rotating , a translucent blue - green .
he drank the whiskey in a single gulp and set the glass on the coffee table .
she removed the contents and placed each item on the coffee table according to either size or shape .
she opened one of the pouches , and the scent of eremuil , the wild coffee plant , came out .
lillys favorites babys breath and pink carnations are arranged all over the place and a wood carving with the moretti emblem is on the face of a low coffee table .
put your feet up on the coffee table .
the glimpses of hands moving over the coffee table .
how do you think the house gets clean , how there s always food in the kitchen for you , how the studys always clean and how it has new light bulbs , how your mails waiting for you on the coffee table , and how you have all this time for your classes ?
i put the radio on the coffee table .
antenna amplifier , he said , then pointed to the large book now on the coffee table .
i stopped you from cracking your head open when you tripped over the coffee table .
they kicked off their cleats and shoved them underneath the coffee table in the living room .
its flower is white and its fruit is red alive , there are tens of trees of coffee !
she crashed into the coffee table and was winded .
for a moment he could n't find his briefcase , then discovered it under the coffee table .
he was carrying a folded copy of the chicago sun - times , which he put down on the coffee table .
the death of mrs . basso had brought notice to eve , too , who 'd unfortunately had her own nix calling card sitting in plain sight on the coffee table .
` ` the remote is on the coffee table , if you two would like to watch tv . ''
setting his glass on the gilded coffee table , reed stood .
they were open and broken , with the hot breeze flowing through the jagged holes , stirring up little clouds of dust that rose from the various chairs and coffee tables .
we 'd been a lot more interesting than the stacked bowl of chinese ornamental balls on the coffee table .
i could n't do much , but i could nudge it along once it was out of his hands , make sure it hit the sharp edge of the coffee table with enough force to smash it into oblivion ...
this was her last chance to run - or , as it turned out , throw a coffee table at me .
` ` coming , '' he replied as roulette dipped the cloth into the vase on the coffee table and quickly began wiping away the worst of the gore from his face .
roman stifled a yawn and set the empty bowl on the coffee table .
` ` true , '' he admitted , setting the remnants of his dinner on the coffee table .
the group was gathered around the coffee table in the secret room trying to figure out what had gone wrong in the woods , when the conversation turned to diana and max .
` ` quit your complaining , '' melanie barked back from the opposite side of the coffee table .
a trashy candy - colored book on the coffee table , facedown .
his family owns a huge ranch and the biggest coffee plantation outside klatch , and i think his grandmother owns the macarona shipping company . '
` ` then i would be homeless and living on the streets with the world 's most bitchin ' hand - painted coffee table . ''
hunter set aside his empty glass on the coffee table .
she laid it on the coffee table , sat on the divan and opened it up .
most sales occurred on - line or over a coffee table in the lounge or around the pool at some celebrities malibu mansion .
well , how is that any different from actually slamming your hand down hard on something like this coffee table ?
this time she did n't refill it - just put the tumbler onto the mahogany coffee table .
david winced as he stretched his legs beneath the coffee table .
why are you up and dressed so early , do n't you go to the coffee house about 11 , just before lunch ? ''
would you get me at the coffee house , then come to my home with me ? ''
i think that it is me , so i tried to do it with an okinawan who i worked with in the giagonji coffee house .
do you think he has ideas of getting the kokusai coffee house for himself ? ''
this ordered life had rewarded him amply for his efforts , and his bank account was healthy , as were his living surroundings , which he kept tidy save for a few scattered medical texts on his coffee table , and the odd urine stain on his bathmat thanks to his overweight tabby cat , meister .
he carefully looked beneath the coffee table , and did a quick sweep of his arm underneath the couch situated at the sole window .
elise dashed to find it vibrating about the coffee table .
wait , help me move this coffee table first .
amrith picked two mountain dews from the coffee table .
asked jacker as he set his controller down on the coffee table .
her great grandfather drove the squatters from the coffee fields , you know .
it was they who d driven the fellowship from the coffee fields so long ago , slaying michaels ancestors out of blind loyalty to a greedy master .
pictures of foreign farmers grinning like maniacs interrupted flashy graphics and ' did you know ' facts about coffee beans and trade laws .
there was well - used ashtray on the coffee table before the futon .
he sips it and sets it on the coffee table between us , and still he says nothing until , finally , with a voice so smooth it almost sounds inhuman , he asks , ` ` where did you come from , that you learned to do that sort of thing ? ''
he closed the phone book and tossed it on the coffee table .
the only other thing was a coffee table spilling magazines out on the floor .
celias cell phone still lay on the coffee table .
without thinking he grabbed a coffee table and managed to save himself from a head first dive .
shane laughed , then smashed fischer 's dr.ink off the coffee table .
after a lifetime of reading clones and a decade of proofreading coffee table books , he has written 4 fantasy satire books , man by a tree , the bethlehem fiasco , the rage of atlantis and ' manna - x ' , all based on his own little neo - plantonic universe .
she proceeded to place her hand through the coffee table , but only got as far as her forearm .
he 's either gotten to safety or- his voice cracked and he slammed his fist against the coffee table unable to continue .
` ` not eyes again , '' alec said , leaning forwards to take the tv remote from the coffee table .
soon , michael took her glass and set it on the coffee table next to his .
` ` well , you 're the one who keeps bringing it up , '' nick said as he flicked ashes from his cigarette into the ashtray on the coffee table .
she did n't want to know the reason he had toppled over the coffee table and knocked the mattress off the bed , but she was sure it was because he had spent the afternoon getting drunk and was afraid to be around when she got home .
` ` ok . '' josh hung up on her and placed his smart phone back onto the coffee table .
if you 're there , rap the coffee table leg , once for yes , twice for no .
i realized the big glass coffee table was missing .
in the last thirty years , my contribution to the world of art had consisted of little more than doodles while taking telephone calls , and it had probably been ten years since i 'd bought the sort of picture - book that belongs on a coffee table where it can impress your friends .
she struck the coffee table , tripped over it , and went sprawling on the floor with a cry .
and now it was all out in the open , like some obscene mess vomited onto a coffee table , reeking with stomach juice , filled with undigested lumps , and if the world was only a demo derby , would n't one be justified in stepping out of his car ?
there was a copy of good housekeeping on the coffee table .
there was an ashtray on the coffee table with two cigarette butts in it , but fran did n't smoke and they were n't his brand .
jock nudged the mouse , and the macbook on the coffee table lit up .
all of the other furnishings were supplied by the school , the three chairs ( wooden arms and green upholstered seats ) and the sofa ( wooden arms and green upholstered seats ) and the two end tables with lamps ( yes , a green shade ) and the coffee table .
veronica said , coffee , and i nodded my agreement .
the coffee and cookies before him on the coffee table were only partially consumed .
he shouted while smashing through the coffee table , which exploded .
he grabbed a copy of consumer digest weekly and an issue of sports for men from the coffee table .
jennifer took a sip from the glass and placed it on the coffee table .
with a great push that sent sam in the direction of the coffee table , jennifer frantically motioned toward the empty cartons .
maurice sat forward in his chair to pour himself another drink but misjudged the distance between the bottle and his glass , spilling some whiskey on the coffee table .
she passed them over the coffee table .
these he spread out over a nearby coffee table so that they could be easily read .
as she wiped around the coffee table beside him , being careful so as not to disturb him or his documents , she saw that the mans wine glass and nut bowl both needed refreshing .
incidentally , i have always been of the opinion that an individuals dreams should remain the intimate property of the person that dreamt them up in the first place , for i can think of nothing more wearisome than finding oneself in the company of someone who insists on telling me what went on during the night as they flew to venus on a coffee table or whatever else they may have got up to .
reaching onto the coffee table , he picked up the document that was supposed to sort out this problem and reviewed phase 3 .
his furniture consisted of two beanbags and a cumbersome tv out of last century on a laminex coffee table .
he walked back down the long corridor , leaving his gun on the coffee table .
so , there it is , get going , and she pointed at the coffee table .
he placed his feet on the coffee table which was very inconsiderate of him .
i glanced down at the coffee table .
the coffee table was smashed .
i motioned towards the coffee table .
an almond staring up at me from beneath the coffee table .
our oval coffee table is suggesting a foot stool may be a better alternative .
interrupting , i add , ` ` dad and i need you two to understand that even if it 's sitting on the coffee table , you leave it be .
alice had cleared the coffee table .
she put the box in a corner and placed the skull on the coffee table , next to the bonsai .
` ` exactly , '' he said , sipping the whiskey then placing the glass on the coffee table .
there were four - hundred ribbon - tied packages of jordan almonds on the coffee table in the gorgeous condo jackson bought as part of our new life together .
there are at least 25 species of plant belonging to the coffea family , but only a handful make up the bulk of commercially produced coffee .
arabica beans account for a full 75 % of the world 's commercial production of coffee .
in the mid-1890s , a variety of coffee named coffea stenophylla was discovered in west africa and brought to the attention of several english coffee plantation owners .
in the mid-1890s , a variety of coffee named coffea stenophylla was discovered in west africa and brought to the attention of several english coffee plantation owners .
plantation owners chose to cultivate the arabica variety of coffee for strictly economic reasons .
some say it has a flavor closer to tea , which probably does n't do it many favors in the demanding field of coffee cultivation .
i also believe the cultivation of coffee has done a lot to define civilization .
the exportation of a single coffee plant from france lead to the dominance of south american coffee growers in the world today .
the exportation of a single coffee plant from france lead to the dominance of south american coffee growers in the world today .
after dinner , the four of us sprawled around the living room , gossiping , while beanbag slept under the coffee table .
on the coffee table in the studio .
you buy a coffee table gun .
the books on the coffee table were parallel to its edge .
she approached me , sauntering down the coffee table , truly her cat walk , jumped onto my chest and after much fidgeting , settled down into a sphinx pose ; her paws at my throat , her little asshole above my belly button .
my dad also informed me that she had a scar on her thumb from falling through a glass coffee table when she was a little girl .
i noticed on the coffee table , partly hidden under magazine of a religious appearance , a hunting cropi was feeling like leaving quickly , as i could not bear this agonizing atmosphere .
there were pictures of her grandchildren at different ages in framed pictures on the walls , on some of the shelves and even in a photo album that was always on the coffee table .
she was smoking feverishly , constantly brushing her side - parted blonde hair off her face or jabbing her cigarette accusingly towards the door , sending fine sprays of ash and smoke into the air which danced together in slow motion before departing , the ash gently snowing to the carpet or coffee table , the smoke rising to the ceiling where it gradually faded away .
good morning bedroom cabinet , how goes it , coffee table ?
milton got as far as his knees before the world shifted beneath his feet , forcing him to crash over his coffee table and land face first on the hardwood floor .
cockroaches are crawling all over the walls and the floor and the coffee table .
he realized he did n't have anything in the living room except a lamp , the television and the coffee table , but he never had anything else there anyway .
but whether it was because it was made of pure spirit and symbolism , or because its brokenhearted form now lacked aero - dynamism , the weeping feather did not travel very far , but instead floated gently down until it landed on her mothers leather bound book upon the coffee table .
sobbing miserably , the little girl had staggered across the kitchen , bumped against the door frame , then , ululated ba ba ba ba ba as she crossed the living room rug , grabbed her mimi doll by its garish gold tresses and randomly walked around the living room banging into and bouncing off sofa , coffee table , recliner and door frame .
after another silence he asked , seemingly of the coffee table , are you a witch or something ?
i look down and spot a copy of my demo on the coffee table .
she opened the brochure on the coffee table and found the location of the small shopping arcade .
the sofa , the two over cushioned armchairs , the empty coffee table and side tables , they made her feel shrunk to the size of little lizzie .
were in a casual meeting space with couches , chairs , coffee table .
the couch wymack had referenced was cleared off and even had a sticky note tacked to it saying that the blankets were in the coffee table drawer .
choice nonsense reminds her why she rarely ever flicks her set on ; she gives up after trying a number of stations and leaves it on the news , whilst picking up the phone from the mahogany coffee table .
in turn , colling asked mendoza about the trade mission , and was informed that brazil had a surplus of coffee that it was anxious to export worldwide .
mendoza was in the middle of a description of the optimum conditions for growing coffee beans when elizabeth came to stand beside collings chair and interrupted .
she then said , this coffee table is now ours .
he set his glass on the coffee table .
our wedding date was four months away , in june , and she had flower samples covering the coffee table , dining table , a couple chairs , and much of the floor .
i wish she looked at the coffee table .
just put the tea - pot on the cork mat on the coffee table .
everyone laughed as ian sat the pedestal in the middle of the coffee table for them all to admire .
she helped him with his regular chores and they listened to music and were dragged into the coffee house by the younger children so amanda could sing songs from her cd .
everything barely fits on the coffee table .
there is a bible on the coffee table .
he was going to try and grow some coffee and cocoa plants which he would experiment with .
there was nothing he had n't already seen , but he picked up a glossy coffee table edition featuring the famed oil paintings , and shook his head as he took in the vibrancy of the art world 's most famous back - catalogue .
the weak winter sun was setting so james closed the album , and put it away under the coffee table .
joe lowered the volume with one of the four remotes on the coffee table .
mr . conor raised the bat again , swung down with vicious gleethe coffee table cracked in half , collapsing in two nearly equal chunks .
it seemed that her little girl stood now as the center of nature , the power of the entire planet at her fingertips ; and when melody finally lowered her arms and opened her eyes a full two minutes later , there stood seth muellers house project on the healed coffee table , simple and perfect , as if mr . conors violence upon it had never happened .
they were later offered land and settled in tanganyika to make their living in growing coffee at altitude , or sisal on coastal plains .
kokopoulos , as a boy on hios , would have shepherded his familys small flock of sheep and goats which were kept at night in the summer in exactly the same type of enclosure as the thorn bomas of the masai , warusha and meru , tribes around the beautiful mountain on whose slopes , years later , he had his coffee estate .
below them row upon row of coffee bushes .
kk had acquired his coffee estate from a german who had decided to return to his semi - detached fatherland .
many who had been settled onto land which they developed as coffee farms remembered how german officials paced out the land numbering in a loud voice exact lengths and widths by their exact leather booted strides .
* one such was misha feingeld who lived not far from kokopouloss coffee farm .
* knowing that his father was away in nairobi on business , theo went to the coffee farm that night .
with this profit , i then went into coffee in east africa where i took advantage of the trouble which had , in the meanwhile , erupted in kenya .
she told him that he had been brought to her by father gabriel to whom he had been delivered in the dead of night by devout villagers from kabale , in neighbouring uganda , where there was a thriving afro - greek orthodox community and where she managed a coffee farm ; her husband had left her to visit his family in thesaloniki never to return .
kandowere and kokopoulos went back a long time ; well before the move to the coffee estate from ndareda .
kk was mwalimus best white friend and now , in retirement , a minor irritant to the regional commissioner in the north who could never shut the old man up because he was in permanent favour with all members of the first family to whom he , kk , had promised to cede a sizeable bit of land on his coffee estate .
kandowere saw this happen from his vantage point in the coffee bushes .
there were more chatchkas on the coffee table and end tables .
for many seconds he said nothing , staring at the coffee table .
i looked down at the coffee table .
i pointed to the coffee table .
so she suffered from a degree of ocdit could nt be him with his stained coffee tableand worked somewhere where she had to be perfect , where things had to be neat and ordered or at least could be without anyone believing it to be anything more than a good work ethic .
jake noticed the tape recorder on the coffee table .
on the coffee table in front of him was a copy of yesterdays korean today newspaper .
sam looked at the phone and shrugged , setting it down on the coffee table .
she sat her glass down onto the coffee table .
his beretta lay ready on the coffee table .
he reached over to the coffee table for it , glanced at the caller i.d .
mike felt like crawling under the coffee table .
are there any coffee plantations tourists could visit ?
` ` you 'll have to pardon the mess , '' he said indicating the paperwork spread out over his coffee table .
efforts to convert latin american cocoa and opium poppy fields were initially encouraging , but as the price of coffee has fallen , farmers in bolivia , columbia and peru reverted back to the traditional and more profitable crops .
he placed his glass and the bottle on the floor , moved the coffee table out of the way , then took four large pillows off of the couch and placed them on the floor to be closer to the fire .
nikki reached for the remote on the coffee table , and with a push of a button the tv lit up .
no , i see a lamp hanging over a coffee table .
the last thing olivia did was to lay the bundle of flowers in the center of the coffee table , utter some low prayer over it , and she was done .
fine , she picked up something from the coffee table .
bethany slammed her drink on the coffee table .
she motioned at the coffee table book , do you enjoy the impressionists ?
he sat down in the armchair and pulled the ashtray on the coffee table slightly closer to him .
she reached for a copy of the messenger on the coffee table .
mesa smiled back and returned the newspaper to the cluttered coffee table .
i would have gone on about max , if dave had nt leaned forward , making the coffee table creak loudly .
holly placed the unopened chocolate on the coffee table .
he s trying to help hawaiian coffee growers combat rust on their crops .
no , coffee rust is a disease that devastates the plants and spreads easily .
a few faded rings on the coffee table , a small galley kitchen that showed no signs of any use .
i think it was always there on the coffee table .
the coffee table was of hand carved mesquite that oriole recognized by an artist from tucson .
he sniffs three chairs then the coffee table barely moving the entertainment magazines on top for the patients whirling around the floor .
two , get us out of their home , so our parents can fuck each other on the coffee table , without their innocent teenager around yucko !
` ` yeah , '' i replied as i put my glass on the coffee table .
i fell backwards , through the coffee table .
sara saw a videotape sitting on the coffee table .
he was partially obscured by the coffee table .
he was trying to prop himself up using the edge of the coffee table .
a cigar smoldered on my coffee table .
the mayor motioned to my phone on the coffee table .
mulberry unfolded a map onto the coffee table and showed me which one of the hundreds of lines was the tunnel we could take to the river .
some of that grew on a coffee bush , but that s all we can say with certainty .
the advance was on the coffee table with the political page opened .
he looked through the window at the large bottle of sprodex tablets on the coffee table in front of the sofa .
small coffee table is now upstage of fireplace , left , and there is a pillow on it .
have been moved from coffee table .
maggies cellphone began to vibrate on the coffee table .
janet sat down again and puzzled over the contents of the coffee table .
this is a copy , he commented dryly when he had finished reading and placed it back on the coffee table .
from the amount of empty glasses , empty moet & chandon champagne bottles , plus various other half empty spirits bottles , not to mention the cocaine liberally thrown all over the coffee table and desk over there they had quite a night .
there were also a few grams of cocaine on the coffee table and desk and the test results shows mr langan had consumed a few grams himself as the levels in his body were very high .
at the instruction of mrs . goldstein , all the mirrors in the house were draped with black fabric and a large candle was placed on the coffee table in the center of the living room .
issues of usa today were scattered about the coffee table .
` ` walk around the far end of the coffee table and go get it . ''
jennifer glanced down at the coffee table .
` ` well , let 's do something totally meaningless , '' i muttered , and began to pile up all the magazines and letters and bills scattered over the coffee table .
one end of it was touching the coffee table , and the throw rug in front of it was all runkled up . ''
i was about to pitch the older one in the garbage until i realized that this was the same edition as the one missing from deedra 's coffee table .
the letter on the coffee table .
blomkvist said , pointing at the portrait on the coffee table .
blomkvist did as he was asked and unfolded the map on the coffee table .
i put it on the coffee table .
lo sets the device on the coffee table .
` ` he pushed me so hard that i flew backward and hit my head on the coffee table .
` ` no , jude , '' i said , propping the phone up against a stack of coasters on the coffee table .
drum kit , standing bass , a ukulele on the coffee table .
i hung up and set the phone on the coffee table , but i did n't go back to studying .
i flip the coffee table upside down .
she ends the call and places the phone on the coffee table .
it 's taking everything in me not to put my fist through my coffee table as it is .
` ` let 's just ring travis and ask , '' evie suggested as she tried to put her glass down on the edge of the coffee table with exaggerated care and missed completely .
he drops the day 's newspaper on the coffee table and says , ` ` you might want to have a look at that . ''
` ` that 's breaking the rules , '' scott informs him from a rocking chair nearest the coffee table .
` ` yes , you are , '' warren says , kicking my legs off the coffee table .
music flows from the speakers- '' blue '' by a perfect circle - and two lit joints are balanced on an ashtray on the coffee table .
nodding at his phone on the coffee table , nate answered , ' voice recording . '
' you stretched them out , feet up on the coffee table , and i could n't stop staring .
i gesture toward the two empty cartons on the coffee table .
` ` you can take the carpet underneath my coffee table .
seattle was the birthplace of coffee in north america and i 'd never lived there yet .
he stumbled across the living room , bumping once into the coffee table and then into the wall , then finally disappearing down the hall .
i scan the coffee table for a coaster to put it on , but there is n't one .
i watched a still bottle of jack underneath a shattered glass coffee table .
signs of depression : dishes piled in a jenga tower in the sink ; dirty glasses on the coffee table next to the empty old forester ; the fact that he was in pajamas at two p.m. and had some kind of echidna growing on his face .
i want to explore every nook and cranny of his home , see what 's on the coffee table , and inside the fridge , but that can all wait , because he is all i want right now .
she carefully placed the tray down on the coffee table , asking lightly , ` ` still busy ? ''
i would just return them to the coffee table as a peace offering .
i 'd been looking at photos back at the resort , including some coffee table books back at the villa , and i was able to name some of the sea creatures .
i knew this because there were burns in my coffee table .
i moved my gaze to the coffee table .
` ` jesus , '' he hissed , shifted to his knees and immediately fell forward so my back slammed into the edge of the coffee table before it went skidding .
nose still stinging , i stared at my couch and coffee table over which was strewn a cornucopia of feminine delights as delivered by my awesome , protective , scary new boyfriend who had n't even kissed me yet .
` ` okay , '' i whispered then pushed myself on top of him , reached out to the coffee table , tagged the remote and pointed it at the tv .
he took the plate , set it on the coffee table and continued to eat with his hands and no plate .
` ` you ca n't tell me where to sit or what to eat and drink , tack , that 's ridicu - '' i did n't finish because i found myself no longer standing opposite the coffee table .
placemats for your coffee table .
that 's done , bedtime , '' mitch decreed , lifting his legs off the coffee table so billy could get through .
and rex once actually looked fearful and this was when he spilled his glass of pop on the coffee table .
` ` if you want , i 'll gather all the things i do n't mind you smashing and put them on the coffee table or , an alternate option , i can go grab you a bottle of beer , '' i offered .
more beat up furniture , a couch , some comfortable looking chairs , a tv , coffee table , end tables , all of it looking like it had been there for awhile or been somewhere for awhile .
as he was doing it , his cell on the coffee table rang .
he could n't get it out of his head , the state of her house when he first walked into it months ago , that couch , that shit - ass coffee table , that f**kin ' tv .
` ` lean forward and there is the coffee table . ''
she felt the coffee table , giggling .
heather watched him reach for his mobile , which lay on the coffee table .
he 'd f**k her on the coffee table if he had to in order to get inside her .
` ` sit on the coffee table , '' he said .
i want you to kneel beside the coffee table and present to me . ''
and so she 'd declared her ` ` year of marriage '' resolution to her friends in a private , well - liquored embrace and had dropped numerous hints to james for the past nine months , not to mention leaving dogeared copies of bride magazine on the coffee table at her apartment .
i ' m not surprised he has good breeding , but i am kind of surprised that he 's not leaving a ring on my ikea coffee table just to prove a point .
he stubs his cigarette out in the tray on the coffee table and then stands , saying , ` ` not unless they prefer dick over pu**y . ''
two whiskey glasses - empty - are scattered on the victorian coffee table in the lounge .
broken glass coffee table .
or turn on the fan sitting on the coffee table .
but you ca n't keep avoiding- '' before he could finish , the cordless phone on the coffee table began to ring .
` ` this was a really fun day , '' jen said happily , reaching for the iced tea glass on the coffee table .
` ` we have all your books on our coffee table , '' the tall , thin man next to him said before moving closer .
she put it on the coffee table and took a mental note that she would take it to school on monday , to lend it to ana , who had requested it several times .
there was a note on the coffee table , had to run an errand , be back by 2 p.m. make yourself something to eat .
while i was gazing down at him so adoringly , i saw his phone light up on the coffee table .
dawn was also smoking and on the coffee table beside her stood one of the goblets from the sideboard .
` ` take off that wet jacket , then sit down and put your foot up on the coffee table while i get some ice . ''
then summer walks back up and shows us pictures of brad and joey dancing , and also of joey on the coffee table twerking .
he had the latest best seller sitting on his coffee table , but he did n't pick it up .
yeah , i suppose , i answer as i close the book and put it on the coffee table .
then i considered if neal lourdes is found guilty , he will never go home , put his feet up on the coffee table , and play video games .
a few lines of cocaine were also being knocked out on the coffee table .
i knew immediately which seat my father chose , one of the armchairs opposite jonathan so he could stare at him across the coffee table .
he gestured at the coffee table .
a glass bong in the middle of a scarred coffee table grabbed his attention .
james sat on the loveseats cushioned edge and put the platter on the coffee table .
in the coffee fields , jc found a group of women clearing shrubs and small trees that crowded in toward the plantation .
to grow coffee takes money , so the unions set up a credit system so the farmers can buy wheelbarrows and pesticides .
the lower slopes , planted with oranges , pineapples and maize , gave way to the upper slopes of tea and coffee .
checking the coffee table , the end tables and even the shelf in the corner , is nt helpful .
cheyenne nods at me from across the coffee table .
lapsing back into doris day on her way back to the kitchen , she plumped and arranged the designer sofa cushions , pulled the fringes of a handmade rug into place with her toe , and straightened the glossy coffee table books .
potted palm trees and coffee bushes enhanced the natural greenery .
she thought the foliage of the coffee plants was cleverhighlighting where the popular beverage originated .
that bomb under your coffee table might just as well have taken you with it , said serious nicole .
my telephone is on the coffee table .
kyli gazed at the photograph of zack on her coffee table .
can you start taking these out to the coffee table , please ?
please tell me you re not tidying those papers on the coffee table .
she died on june 20 , peacefully at home , with her family around her , and a box of copper mountain chocolates right beside her on the coffee table , not yet empty .
` ` suit yourself , '' stacy said , and set the box of tarts back on the coffee table .
` ` magic , '' she said finally , and set it back on the coffee table , where it slowly started moving .
it tended to favor its right back leg , and moved in slow , aimless circles across the surface of the coffee table .
` ` those look wonderful , '' meg said sweetly when his sister put the tray on the coffee table in front of them .
on the coffee table there were books with names like listening to jesus and faith is the answer .
colin put the tape recorder down on a coffee table .
his bent knees cracked into the formica coffee table .
he started lifting papers and cushions in his search , but he always kept it in the same place on the coffee table .
that was n't the only thing on the coffee table , either .
the twins in the pictures on your coffee table .
it was made out of a dr pepper bottle , and she kept it on the coffee table . ''
he indicated another glass of brandy on the coffee table in front of him .
then he snapped the computer closed , set it on the coffee table , and gave me all his attention .
` ` now you grab the lube from the coffee table , slick up my cock , and then you help me get it into her squirming little ass .
` ` on the coffee table . ''
they were everywhere - on the coffee table , the end tables , the windowsills , the mantel .
sammy was asleep , too , snoring softly next to the coffee table .
he smiled and set his glass on the coffee table with a click .
` ` all right , '' chandler said abruptly , folding the two pieces of paper and laying them on the coffee table .
` ` there are those world war ii letters , '' mary jo said , pointing at the coffee table .
she dumped them onto the coffee table in front of lily and said , ` ` it 's all yours . ''
she shopped , she watched television , and she made a habit of going to the nearest library and checking out coffee table books of other countries .
sally sat beside him , her foot tapping unevenly on the floor as she pawed through the fruit basket on the coffee table .
eleanor stared at the coffee table .
he dropped the dvds on a weathered coffee table more fitting for a cape cod bungalow .
she finished off the cocoa and set the cup back down on the coffee table with a thud .
he put his drink on the coffee table .
you have a new coffee table !
julia examined the large books about english architecture and gardens gracing the low coffee table .
` ` gabriel pushed scott through the coffee table .
or a coffee table . ''
will set his cup on the coffee table , far away from his precious papers .
` ` well , '' he said , setting it down on the coffee table .
she was kneeling on a cushion next to his old marble coffee table , opening take - out containers .
i can move ... '' he grabbed her arm to stop her from retrieving another container from the coffee table .
he applied them to the trunk so that they spelled out coffee table .
i got up and cleared the coffee table out of the way so the colonel could walk the length of the room without hitting any obstacles , and said , ` ` okay , can you stand ? ''
from a bowl on the coffee table , she grabbed a banana and , peeling the skin , made her way toward the larger entrance of the bungalow , which invited in a panoramic view of the bay .
the coffee table bumped her calves , halting her .
` ` thank you for the flower , '' she said and set it in the middle of the coffee table .
` ` that 's it , '' she murmured , perching on the edge of the coffee table to gaze down at him .
once she sees all the cool equipment you have , she 'll want the same thing , and then we 'll talk her into the coffee table book , and more equipment .
the little mouse ran under the coffee table and - naturally- under the ugly couch .
` ` coffee table ? ''
you wanted to do it on the love seat , but i made you go for the coffee table , instead .
yesterday morning , before we made it to the coffee table . ''
` ` thanks for coming , '' annie said , grabbing her purse off the coffee table .
duncan suffered from chronic constipation ; in fact , i had brought a packet of senna leaves and coffee - plant roots for him , in spite of jamie 's rude remarks about what constituted a suitable wedding present .
i ' m friday , this is debbie , '' the redhead who 'd been dancing atop remington 's coffee table only recently says , then signals to the blond as debbie .
it was on the coffee table .
` ` did you look on the coffee table ? ''
he put the stuff on the coffee table .
` ` oh , look at that little poppet , '' laura said , putting her cup down on the coffee table .
` ` and then there was a picture of me on the coffee table with him where he was trying to thrust into my m - mouth . ''
` ` far be it from me to ever refuse a lady anything , '' gray said as he set the glasses of tea on the coffee table .
it took wood and rectangular and matched that with coffee table , and i recognized it .
you 'll find my leg under the coffee table , '' he said .
the white box was n't on the coffee table anymore .
he sat calm as could be gathering up the food from the coffee table .
ginger did n't look up , just continued to arrange the figures on the coffee table even though it was weeks too early for christmas decorations .
phoebe looked at the porcelain set resting on the coffee table .
if his brother smiled at carly one more time , rand was n't going to have any teeth left to smile with.mitch set his wineglass on the coffee table and stood .
she charged the canvas pouch of herbs with earth , water , air , and fire by sprinkling salt on it , flicking water from a glass on it , breathing on it , and passing it over a lit candle which had been sitting ready on the coffee table .
and i ' m out of my seat , screaming , kicking chairs , flipping the coffee table , picking up piles of magazines and throwing them against the wall , yelling , ` ` it 's not fair !
adele starts singing on the coffee table .
` ` no , '' theresa insisted adamantly one night , during one of their aggressive scrabble games , they were sitting on the floor with the board placed on the low coffee table between them .
cigarette butts lay heaped in ashtrays on the coffee table and scattered here and there across the floor .
the ashtrays on the coffee table were empty .
in his eyes , infrared binoculars would be the perfect coffee table conversation piece .
collected from coffee berries that cats eat and then excrete . ''
quentin crossed his legs on the coffee table .
she let him take the coffee cup from her suddenly nervous fingers and deliberately place it on the coffee table next to his own .