momma always takes us to blue bird , '' he quipped , referring to the family friendly restaurant that served great burgers and corn dogs , not exactly the healthiest meal , but it was a fun night out and they only went there occasionally .
he also knew that molly had made her famous chili and corn bread for dinner .
she shook the bag of corn cobs .
i ' ve got some tasty corn for you . ''
by the time he 'd uncovered everything blake was gazing at fried chicken , baked potatoes , catfish , corn bread and a garden salad bright with baby tomatoes .
he 'd overlook the occasional fast food meal , greasy corn dogs , and chicken fingers that contained god knows what .
` ` someone broke into your place last night , trashed it and scrawled words all over the walls in corn syrup - obviously hoping it would look like blood , which it did . ''
zack asks and passes me the corn bread .
he shrugs again and slips a piece of corn bread to thor .
chicken tacos with avocado and corn salsa , was my new pregnant comfort food .
amery picked up the linen card - embossed in the exact same color of the tablecloth - that announced the evening 's five - course menu : butternut squash soup with chive oil and radish seedlings pan - fried trout croquettes , breaded with blue corn flour and topped with tomatillo relish roasted beet carpaccio with seared goat cheese and mache greens grilled filet of beef with caramelized shallot / red wine reduction , truffle - infused potato rosti , white asparagus , and morel mushrooms golden colorado dessert , ripe colorado peaches soaked in colorado 's gold - medal - winning red wine , topped with yogurt sweetened with honey this menu was a little different than applebee 's .
then i 'll go see how much spam and creamed corn i can buy for an hour with my sweaty , hot body on the corner . ''
in this analogy , i ' m the ass , and the vampires are the corn .
mom served us our bowls of chili and homemade corn bread .
the cap explodes off its base , and i do n't hesitate showering the lovebirds with high fructose corn syrup just as drake 's bare ass makes its debut for the evening .
will is eating a bowl of spinach dip with corn chips and talking with our brother , matt .
not any of sibyl 's favourite treats that she could n't get in england , like spiced , black corn chips or grape jelly .
i bought milk , corn chips , two diet pops and all the ingredients for the macaroni salad and brownies i needed to make for dad 's barbeque .
he also got out a bag of corn chips and one of those huge - ass bars of chocolate with almonds .
fake blood was easy : corn syrup , food coloring and water .
lifting a corn chip stacked with goodies , i shake my head .
smiling , i nibble at a corn chip .
the corn bread 's really good .
in five minutes , i scarfed the corn dog , carrots and celery , and the apple slices .
afterward , we pitched in as a family on prepping the turkey and baking corn bread for the dressing .
while i get a bottle of water , mackenna gets some gum , mandm 's , and corn nuts , and we head out again .
besides , those corn bread muffins look incredible .
i 'll have a couple of those corn bread muffins and a cup of coffee , please . ''
he picked up his corn bread and followed her .
i was still on the floor with corn everywhere .
every rose has its corn ... funny .
chapter thirty - four ` ` marshmallow - spongy confection made of gelatin and sugar and corn syrup and dusted with powdered sugar . ''
brown liquid and corn chips explode out .
a piece of corn bread flies out of my mouth and lands on the white paper bag in front of colin .
` ` since you look normal now , did you want to stop for a corn dog first ? ''
he finished his corn dog and tossed the stick in the trash as we passed it .
` ` then i figured since i had to bring her back here , i 'd stop by the fair at the mall and get a corn dog . ''
6it1ppling hook eps w / cell assist keep smiling , leona sos text : 555 - 0101 exposing cheaters for over two years chapter four i was never so grateful to see corn dogs .
` ` i like the letters you write , '' izzie announced , biting into her corn dog and nodding at leona .
the rest of the squad came over to our table , and when leona returned , she gave aiden her corn dog .
the chickens in question were more than remarkable : they appeared to have no legs but to be trundling round the yard on their bottom sides , pecking at their corn with cheerful imperturbability .
drug him , ' carlie said , scooping a corn chip an inch high with guacamole .
he skidded around the shelves , past tampons and toothbrushes , corn plasters and reduced christmas - gift sets , until he finally found the stand by the till .
after eating an amazing home - cooked dinner of barbecued ribs , beans , and corn bread , we drank glasses of sweet tea .
between us , and only us , i m laded down with an illegal shipment of corn water ; and i do nt want any encounters with the law , the driver patted his worn - in , stretched - out , hunting jacket , if you know what i mean .
we added two quarts of white corn syrup to the gatorade mix .
we finished off the two boxes of high fructose corn syrup laden pastries , and then poured ourselves bowls of captain crunch cereal .
he began eating his meal in silence , stopping only to butter his corn cakes .
her eyes widened when she saw that the pizza was covered with yellow corn niblets .
kaylee also thinks we can make corn bread as soon as she works out how to mill the corn .
how far offs the corn do we think ?
here try this beautiful sweet corn !
` ` why , so they 'll look like real cheese corn curls , of course .
oh , and i 'd use those fake corn curls right away , if i were you .
well , how about you let us know your schedule when you know it , and well see if we can accommodate corn flake on the twelvers and overnighters ?
as long as he kept breathing and did nt eat too much corn syrup or processed foods , there would be no traffic jams in his veins .
he was comforted to see the familiar red glow of a coca - cola machine , though when he reached it he saw signs heralding that every beverage in the machine was sugar and high fructose corn syrup free .
the corn , please ? ''
all that truck like candy corn and root - beer barrels and niggerbabies . ''
you go out and bag a few people , and i 'll pop some corn .
` ` that 's what 's really got a corn cob up your ass about me , is n't it ?
in 2000 , a gm corn called starlink , a corn not approved for human consumption like the viatus strain , ended up contaminating food products across the country .
in 2000 , a gm corn called starlink , a corn not approved for human consumption like the viatus strain , ended up contaminating food products across the country .
and with the instability noted by dr . malloy in the viatus corn sample , i think that likelihood is even greater . ''
with less digestible corn , you 'd have to eat more to have the same caloric benefit . ''
they dined on canned chili , corn bread , and baked potatoes , finishing the meal with chocolate bars .
the corn gone , mormont turned his hand over .
corn , pickled eggs , beans .
7 after taking a cold , cleansing shower and finishing my luncha steak - umm sandwich with a side of fritos corn chipsi found richie waiting for me on the landing of his stoop , which is separated from mine by a couple of concrete flower pots and a stone lion painted white .
he was a ton of fun to be with , laughing loudly when i told him about my fight with bryn while stuffing his face with caramel corn .
she looked around and she saw mr . corn opening a bottle of juice .
she is crazy about mini coopers , devon rex cats and corn chips .
he ordered more food , and soon the waiter brought a bowl filled with carrot corn soup , and a plate with roasted chicken breast , seasoned with green herbs , gravy , and a bed of lettuce .
one student even constructed paper mache oil derricks and poured dark corn syrup to look like oil .
because , i like to eat the soft tart tasting pinto beans and juicy sweet corn mixed together like a can of wet and dry dog food for the beagle puppies at my farm as i giggle with delight that beck and i share a weirdo pattern of food consumption .
how s about we eat three boxes of cheese pizza tonight instead of pinto beans and corn bread .
it consisted of coffee , toast , corn flakes for the kids , and corn bread muffins , dry .
it consisted of coffee , toast , corn flakes for the kids , and corn bread muffins , dry .
ill pop the corn , tamsin said .
we d buy dinner at the small snack bar at the back of the parking lot , stocking up on corn fritters and beer salt and these corn tortilla sandwiches filled with meat and cabbage and pimiento cheese .
after the ride , the group went to get corn dogs for dinner .
what is popped corn ?
you do nt need no more corn cobs .
mavis lemonade was actually corn syrup and did nt taste that good anyway .
you mean in between the fried plantain and corn meal cakes ?
cyril connolly 11 i sat down to a lunch of clam chowder and corn bread .
i took out the huge king crab legs from the freezer and the corn from the fridge .
cheddar cheese soup , marinated ottomanelli 's quail broiled with fresh sage , sweet potato fritters and baby peas , homemade corn bread , and then , as a change of pace ( keep 'em off balance ) , an endive salad spiked with coriander .
when antonio came to take the order i had placed a corn chip in my glass and said to him , this glass has a chip in it too .
they re corn fed , deep - fried .
she had very dark smooth skin and her hair was neatly corn rowed with a bun at the top .
she 'd eaten a large pizza they 'd had delivered , and later , a bag of corn chips .
lots of times the main dish would be fried chicken , rice and corn , with a slice of sweet corn bread .
arriving at 7:24 , the team sees several other vans and vehicles with the familiar usda corn stalk seal printed on them .
ooh , that s sounds too good to pass up , aunt winnie.-thank you.-ill just help pop finish feeding and milking and then well be ready to eat.-do you kids want to shell some corn for the chickens and put out some water for them ?
eban hesitatingly asked pascal , the pizza - shop owner , if he had sweet corn and maybe tuna instead of anchovies , and as pascal pointed to the wide array of bowls in a glass display below his countertop and commented that it was more a question of what he did nt have , it triggered in andrs mind one of marielles comment at christmas : i think that what is nt wrong with him would probably be the easier list .
high fructose corn syrup was bad for keyboards .
my radio flyer wagon wo nt hold one of these fat los angeles sluts with their huge gmo corn hips and their corn syrup legs with those ugly as hell swollen ankles .
when she came out , cradling a cloth bag of grits in her arms , she was coated in corn meal dust , white from head to toe .
the plates that he delivered to them today were heaped with generous servings of red beans and rice , grilled andouille sausage , shrimp etouffe , and brown corn dodgers .
churros , funnel cakes , hamburgers , fries , and corn dogs beckoned to me as well .
after securing her snack , they strolled along the sidewalk toward the washington monument , two corn dogs in hand while marcus held and occasionally sipped her soda .
when samantha finished the first corn dog , marcus casually held her free hand as she offered him a bite of the second .
dinner was potatoes , sliced thin and fried , boiled okra , corn on the cob , and hot corn bread - but no meats because it was almost fall , and because we 'd had a roast the day before .
she made corn bread and warmed up leftovers while i peeled and sliced tomatoes .
` ` there 's a little cafe around the corner where the specialty is grease and fried corn meal .
and they 're always stepping on the corns of the special branch .
they had an excellent meal of little neck clams and fried chicken maryland with bacon and sweet corn .
he had finished a dinner of boiled pork , pinto beans , and corn bread , and he was reading a case from the ninth circuit in california about an inmate who faced his death so calmly his lawyers decided he must be crazy .
inside were cans of prepackaged organic corn tortillas .
major herzog took the money and proceeded directly to the vending machines he 'd found on the second floor , and there he bought three small bags of fritos corn chips and two dr peppers .
now he was living on corn chips and sodas .
while i waited , i went after another wedge of corn bread .
a waitress brought us iced tea and corn bread , and miss callie did n't like either .
a plate of blue corn chips and hummus is placed before us .
empty beer cans and corn chip bags litter the end tables and the floor under them .
harkin ate a corn chip and pushed his plate away .
i could n't meet his eyes as i poured the corn syrup over the very brown , almost burnt , pancakes .
why does nick have six bottles of corn syrup ?
you can put the hot corn bread in that basket right over there . ''
tomatoes , corn syrup , vinegar , salt ... '' i hesitated , frowning .
` ` marius , '' i said , ` ` the corn for osiris ; does n't he want the corn ?
i give her the update as she fills a plate with mac and cheese , green beans and corn for jamie .
as she washed her hands , she thought of having corn bread with the soup tonight .
we 'd killed time by eating some spicy fajitas , salty corn chips , and chunky salsa at pepe 's , one of the local mexican restaurants .
` ` cool it , you little shit , '' said croom as ho unsoaled a small tupporwaro containor of procious corn foed and spilled somo into a cup for the pigoon 's roward , popping somo into his own mouth boforo rocapping it .
gus ato the noto and found the carpontor 's poncil ho stowed with the corn foed and shrods of papor .
` ` we 'll need another basket of chips , more corn tortillas and two orders of queso , '' trace grinned at the waitress .
` ` those are wolf - wolves , not werewolves , '' sali tossed a corn chip at ashe .
sali threw more corn chips .
it 's obvious he 's avoiding eye contact because what else would be in a can of corn besides corn ?
did they laugh at all the regular folks who functioned on high fructose corn syrup , twenty - four - hour - news outlets , and allergy medications ?
so i bought one - a corn dog , that is .
well , i have already pointed out the corn dog inadequacy of the gallagher academy food service team , but mr . smith did n't buy her argument , which was just as well .
i told myself that having to run two miles in wet jeans was just karmic payback for having indulged in both the corn dog and the ice cream , but as i reached the edge of town , i was n't so sure .
` ` look at that guy , gallagher girl , '' zach whispered as the man bought a corn dog .
i let marcie play hostess and moseyed into the kitchen , stacking my plate with deviled eggs , cocktail wieners , and candy corn .
now its big draw is vargas , the candy - corn - pecking chicken - a moth - eaten fake chicken with real feathers for which you have to pay a quarter to activate his frantic ocd pecking of ancient candy corn .
now its big draw is vargas , the candy - corn - pecking chicken - a moth - eaten fake chicken with real feathers for which you have to pay a quarter to activate his frantic ocd pecking of ancient candy corn .
i vow to eat only clean foods - no processed sugar , no high - fructose corn syrup , no artificial flavoring .
hanna recognized mike 's blue ralph lauren hoodie hanging from a hook , and nestled on the top shelf was his lucky kellogg 's corn flakes stuffed rooster .
she unloaded a grocery bag of cheez - its , blue corn tortilla chips , mandm 's , diet coke , red bull , and a bottle of vodka .
then we wandered surf avenue , stopping for a corn dog at nathan 's for me and a hot dog with everything for kai .
spilled cups of beer and soggy corn chips are crushed in there , too .
but only if he put down spider 's corn knife first .
` ` you can only live on watered - down oatmeal , corn syrup , peanut butter , and the occasional acorn for so long .
i paid for my gas and bought two corn dogs , a bag of chips , and a couple of fountain drinks .
back in the car , i handed one of the corn dogs to bennacio .
i walked a half mile down the road to the gas station where i bought the corn dogs .
table of contents chapter 1 : the hunt chapter 2 : bad news chapter 3 : new friends chapter 4 : high bluffs chapter 5 : black tea chapter 6 : green corn festival chapter 7 : winter games chapter 8 : springtime journeys chapter 9 : war party chapter 10 : victors and refugees chapter 11 : black deeds chapter 12 : evil comes chapter 13 : return of the spirits about c.r .
i ' ve got some corn bread mix here .
okay , but not until after you ' ve had your birthday corn bread , melody replied .
after they finished their dinner , melody perked a pot of coffee over the fire and ted blew out the candles on his corn bread .
you must forgive me , josh varick said as he set out coffee and corn biscuits while his wife fanned herself and looked utterly disinterested in their company .
with butter on the corn ?
yes , with butter on the corn .
` ` herb seared scallops , over a sweet corn and mango salsa with just a hint of red chilies and crispy scallions for texture , '' alec explained , and i twisted my head to look at him , wide - eyed .
the waiters in white aprons , light blue shirts , and paper caps made the rounds with loads of barbecue , fried chicken , cold slaw , potatoes , corn sticks , and hush puppiesan eastern north carolina meal .
make yourself useful and get the beans and corn , will you ?
mary , lois and jane get drinks , some cheese dip , corn chips and sit around the big table waiting for the non - event .
corn , potatoes , green peas , gravy and pie . ''
out of nowhere , groove summons corn syrup and wipes it in demos upper lip .
they even filled her stocking with chocolate , all the while bemoaning the evils of high fructose corn syrup .
there are lots of corn foods to eat , campbell interrupted .
corn bread , corn chili , grilled corn ... he added as if she never interrupted him .
corn bread , corn chili , grilled corn ... he added as if she never interrupted him .
there will be corn everything .
they do it so the pollen from one type of corn will pollinate the seeds from another type of corn and create a healthier and better tasting corn .
` ` i just need a corn dog and a coke . ''
before long , we all sat down with hot bowls of vegetable soup , a platter of piping hot corn bread , and real butter .
' yes , but what do they grind corn with ? '
' and some corn for her chicken ... ' ' oh , i never drink alcohol , ' said the cheerful fairy , horrified .
` ` perhaps the red pepper - corns , '' temeraire offered , ` ` or maybe the green ; i do not quite remember , '' he said apologetically , as gong su consulted his spice - box at length in attempts to reproduce the former recipe .
he did n't seem too concerned over my odd question and ate a piece of caramel corn from the box he was cradling in his arms .
there was turtle soup and lobster salad , stuffed crabs and larded sweetbreads , oyster pie and mutton chops , terrapin , pan - fried chicken , turnips and stuffed peppers , roast beef and breaded veal cutlets , irish potatoes and green corn and carrots and artichokes and snap beans , a profusion of rolls and breads , wine and spirits from the bar and fresh milk in from the city , plates of new - churned butter , and for dessert plum pudding and lemon pie and floating islands and sponge cake with chocolate sauce .
ian muttered something about preservatives and high fructose corn syrup .
the families around us bopped along with the melody , but their smiles were forced from hours of wrangling rug rats buzzing off high - fructose corn syrup .
the first thing he did was flog one of his new yoruba when he balked at eating loblolly corn mush .
this is where joe took his corn to have it ground into corn meal .
later luke and nate are sitting around a roaring fireplace , wrapped in quilts and sipping hot , parched corn coffee spiked with a taste of white lighting .
spam of course with creamed corn , or were you expecting texas steaks over a mesquite grill ?
any cornstalks that he bumped either lost an ear or two of corn or snapped at their base .
get your pure white - hot corn !
he sat down at the kitchen table and eagerly tucked into his plate of corn bread , fried potatoes , pork , and melon .
this sure beats corn pone and buttermilk .
people came into the break room to fill their plates with the green bean casserole , corn , corn bread , rice and baked french fries .
complete with marilyn manson posters and fake corn syrup blood ?
a huge stuffed grinch was puking candy corn lights .
the first time he went there with the governor , he just about filled up on corn relish and sauerkraut before the beef arrived .
she baked potatoes and cooked frozen corn .
old beans , old corn , a leftover dab of chili ... nothing a man liked to eat .
the corn ... the tire - swing ... you know what i mean ? ''
a bag of caramel corn at work monday morning , and a bag of cheez - doodles on monday afternoon c one of them or possibly the combination brought on a rather embarrassing farting spell that lasted from four o'clock until about nine that night .
now he indicated his empty plate c the clean corn cobs , the remains of the burgers , salad , french fries , dessert .
then he pays for his corn pads and walks out .
he finished the corn and looked at me as if i were next .
sweet corn sweet corn , why they just do nt grow sweet corn like they use to , igod said .
that s the corn on the grill i m talking about .
no , wise potato and corn chips .
she removes the blue cloth from the easel to reveal a presentation board with a photo of a jar of sombrero salsa , a bowl of corn chips , and ad copy .
they stopped at mr . charlies and bought supplies for the night , four forty - ounce beers and two bags of stale corn chips , paid for it all with a new , crisp twenty , which they got no change for .
he s been trying to run me off my farm since last spring because i put up a fence so his cows wo nt eat my corn or drink from my water hole .
they ll burn all my corn !
and the corn was creamed corn .
nobody at the american institute of corn porn ( pornography made entirely from corn -- for when the ethanol subsidies end !
i got the blue corn chips on the side .
next , fill a bowl the size of the package of tissues with corn flakes and roll the liverwurst in the cornflakes .
he scooped a mound of meat onto a corn chip and waved it around in the air to dislodge the strands of melted cheese dangling from it .
he waved a loaded corn chip at bomber .
lucys spicy taco soup 1 - 1/2 pounds hamburger 1 large onion 2 tablespoons minced garlic 1 package taco seasoning 1 12 - ounce bag of frozen corn 1 16 - ounce can kidney beans 1 14 - ounce can diced tomatoes 1 14 - ounce can tomato sauce 1/3 cup chopped canned jalapeno peppers water to cover the above ingredients 1 cup sharp cheddar cheese in a soup pot , brown hamburger , onion , and garlic .
if anything pops out of that corn and is hit by the car i m not stopping to see if its okay .
her hair was short and corn rolled and i liked her a lot .
he told them the best dish was the one in which they sauted the julienne cut potatoes in corn oil with tomatoes , red pepper sauce , and garlic .
` ` well i bought this exploded corn , did n't i ?
rejecting the marketing blurbs that implied his manhood was non - existent if he ingested a different brand of corn chip , dean grabbed the largest bag of funyuns .
blackened corn chips and squirt cans cracked the windshield and thumped on the roof .
` ` have you seen brother corn fed 's latest field report ?
` ` if it 's not darts night , i ' m gon na stay home , eat blue corn chips , watch high - definition tv - there 's bound to be a rerun of mario puzo on cable .
nobody at the american institute of corn porn ( ` ` pornography made entirely from corn -- for when the ethanol subsidies end !
chapter 80 baseball tomorrow in the corn .
have all the corn you can eat .
for lunch , they made white chicken chili soup and corn bread , another favorite .
ralph brought the drinks to their table and , recalling their previous conversation , mentioned that arbor day too had been found , but young corn appeared lost because , given enough time , thieves make arrangements to have run - of - the - mill paintings mounted over the original and then they become near impossible to chase down .
scott does nt like them raw , but hell eat salsa , so i dice the fruit into pico de gallo , and we eat it with organic corn chips from the co - op .
lucy joined them some minutes later , arms full of high fructose corn syrup laden snacks .
a foot taller than lise , brad had to look down to find her eyes hidden under her mop of corn straw hair .
` ` just means we better start getting that corn in soon , is all , '' she says , and shakes her head .
the waitress brings them a basket of fresh tortilla corn chips and a bowl of hot salsa .
genetically modified corn and what not .
but then i did some reading up on the ingredients of the tube feed and its terrible- all milk based and high fructose corn syrup and poisonous .
he remembered one carnival ride in particular , a ride that after three county - fair corn dogs and two large pepsis had caused him to be horrifically ill .
special thanks to from the beginning john t. perry shirley otto clarinda alcalen book cover design goddesses christi allen curtis katrina boone beta readers and psychologists angela meyer nikki haw the rest of my street team melissa dean annie walsh audrey kay casey corn cheryl dent christen fiermonti courtney smith diana arnau erin spencer jamie taliaferro jo ann stevens kelli spear lea burn michelle ochoa stacy bundy stephanie cobb tiffany deblois about the author after graduating from the university of texas at arlington in 1997 with a bachelors degree in communications , lori l. otto worked in the billboard industry for ten years .
they ca nt survive without toilet paper and corn flakes with milk in the morning .
stewed collard greens and whole - kernel corn , steamed squash and baked talapia fillets .
he looked at the spilled corn around the bin again and said , ` ` i ' m going to clean up that mess by the bins before it gets wet . ''
` ` i ' m sorry for knocking down your corn , mrs .
besides , i 'll be done shelling this dry corn before you get all that new corn in .
besides , i 'll be done shelling this dry corn before you get all that new corn in .
after the young man had a lunch of corn bread and coffee beside the stream , he saddled up and then found the teepee after only ten minutes of riding .
they were feeding us something called um , hydrogenated oils and high fructose corn syrup he told me .
take this back stupe , fetch me some fresh corn .
i was able to eat some leafy greens and some corn meal cakes that jun fixed .
if you spend all of your time tending the tomatoes for instance , but never take time to weed and water the sweet corn , the tomatoes will likely flourish , and come harvest your sweet corn crop will probably be pretty pitiful .
more vegetables and fiber , less high fat and cheap corn syrup and over processed stuff that plus an hour of vigorous exercise a day , and watch the current ballooning cases of type 2 diabetes level off .
she steamed the broccoli , microwaved the corn and prepared the berries with a drizzle of gran marnier .
bootsy , i will donate cases of tomato sauce , canned corn , and toilet paper but the unsaleable stuff goes to an orphanage in sparks .
i 'd purchased a few items the day before at the little gas & grocery a mile down the road , half a gallon of fat - free milk , corn flakes , coffee , bread , and peanut butter ; the staples of life .
she began to heat corn tortillas on the oversized gas range .
she packed a little cooler with a peanut butter sandwich , two apples and a half - empty bag of corn chips , plus a granola bar that she was going to call breakfast .
the plastic tub contained guacamole dip and he pointed to a bag of corn chips .
he grabbed a few corn chips and tossed them onto the chile , then spooned up a big bite that included a couple of them .
next , i ate my way through a bag of blue corn chips , swallowed down some guacamole then licked the creamy center out of one row of oreo double - stuff cookies .
as i licked the salt off a corn chip , i must ve been staring into no - mans - land because next thing i knew , everyone was yelling for me to answer my phone .
i left him and marjorie eating a balanced meal of pork chops and stuffing , nuked a corn dog then skyped mr . kissy lips himself .
louis , you can save my life with a bowl of chili and some hot corn bread .
the second , accompanied by buttered corn bread , put the warmth back in his bones .
` ` do n't see how a man can eat three pounds of chili and a tray of corn bread and stay as skinny as you .
* * * mind you there are tons of variations for this recipe , like adding bacon bits , fresh corn kernels , jalapeo peppers ~ but whatever you do , do nt tell my mother i added sugar and pudding mix , cause shell have my hide !
it 's exclusively corn fed angus .
light corn syrup 1 - tsp .
vanilla in a large saucepan or dutch oven combine sugar , buttermilk , corn syrup , baking soda and salt .
or i could toss some high - fructose corn syrup into the tea for you . ''
` ` i was kidding about the corn syrup .
i even had fresh sweet corn as my surprise for supper . ''
i order that special corn mix from ray bob that you told me to feed them .
so the special for the sheriff was pork chops , potato , green beans , and corn bread .
mrs . bates herself pointed , dipped , served , and commented as she loaded the plates and handed them over while mr . bates punched the cash register and collected $ 3.50 , iced tea included , with corn bread .
they waited in line as mrs . bates patiently filled their plates with her vegetables and mr . bates collected $ 3.50 from each customer , sweet iced tea and corn bread included .
life vests screamed in neon orange , deer corn was piled in fifty - pound bags , and oars were arranged in upright racks .
come on , i ' m hungry and your mama and sisters are makin ' chili and corn bread . ''
` ` so please , pretty please , with a cherry on top and icing and candy corn , would you please stop asking ? ''
surprisingly , i do n't freak out , nor does kayden get a lap full of candy corn .
dean focuses on the corn and i stand there unsure of what to do with myself .
and i could throw together some of my cream cheese corn dip and rip open a bag of tortilla chips . ''
we were now tidying up the prep dishes as the cheese melted into the corn chips in the oven .
i ve been working since five this mornin , getting the rest of the corn cut .
i busted myself these three days getting that corn in .
she was looking for corn syrup and sugar .
she said , i need corn syrup .
good morning , michael said , during a breakfast of hominy corn porridge , country ham , and thick cane syrup poured over flapjacks .
` ` hot dogs and cheese on corn chips and the like . ''
sarah realized the less that was said the better , so she and john politely listened to the others conversation as fortune began the meal by serving a clam chowder soup , followed by ham , sweet potatoes , beans and corn pone .
` ` vegetarian burritos with my special corn salsa and baked blue corn tostada chips and '' ` ` and a pot roast ! ''
` ` vegetarian burritos with my special corn salsa and baked blue corn tostada chips and '' ` ` and a pot roast ! ''
served in an assortment of brightly colored corn envelopes .
i plucked a chunk of fajita chicken from a red corn envelope and threw it at him .
eight different kinds , in a variety of brightly colored corn envelopes .
the white popped corn coated everythingthe grass , the shrubs .
levi melted butter over a medium heat , added brown sugar , corn syrup and milk .
maggie pulled out a bag of corn chips then from the ice chest she pulled out a case of budweiser lime margaritas .
there 's juice and some corn chips in the kitchen , too . ''
blackie munched on a corn chip , apparently more interested in sharing jeff 's meal than listening to his comments .
the dog wagged his tail as jeff slipped him another corn chip .
dinner consisted of a delightful guacamole and blue corn chips , grilled brisket and potato salad , which was surprisingly good .
` ` how do they get the corn in the beef ? ''
` ` i ' m getting groceries , and then i ' m going to visit my mother , '' i said , adding a small bag of corn chips to cody 's lunch .
potato salad 's a favorite of mine and i piled on a big scoop of that , as well as a giant pickle and a small bag of corn chips .
to her surprise , his pack yielded some corn chips .
she shrugged ; maybe he was a corn chip fanatic .
` ` this is just to get a fire started ; then i 'll look for more wood , '' he said as he seized the bag of corn chips and tore it open .
francesca popped the last bite of a buttered corn bread mu n into her mouth .
mashed potatoes filled a smaller container , plump golden corn filled another .
` ` he flung her down upon the sacks , and there she got her corn ground , her corn ground ... ... '' roger was chanting hotly in her ear , his full weight pinning her to the ground and the stars spinning madly far above .
i sat down beside jamie , and handed him one of the hot corn dodgers .
kim watched me for a moment , and then shoved a blueberry corn muffin at my face .
forty - five minutes later , my dad and i were in the kitchen rolling cheese and store - bought rotisserie chicken - my little cheat to save time - into lard- soaked white corn tortillas .
as side dishes , she'ddecided on stuffed peppers and corn bread , and as an appetizer , she wanted to make a bacon - wrapped brie , topped with a raspberry sauce .
mom brought a tray of still - warm feta cheese corn bread slices , drizzled with butter , put a piece on each plate , and then brought over bowls of soup .