there was fragrant chili with all the fixings and a large pan of corn bread .
we can land in this location here , '' he explained , pointing on his laptop screen to a field that , during the summer months grew rows of corn but was now just a field of browned stalks .
` ` she loves corn on the cob .
you love corn , do n't you ? ''
hannah 's corn on the cob ?
usually the bison stayed away from the fence , not coming to retrieve the corn until hannah left for work .
then , one by one she took out the plastic bowls and lifted the lids to reveal salad , cornbread , corn on the cob , potato salad and the piece - de - resistance , southern fried chicken .
she enjoyed watching the men wolf the food down even though she almost had to fight to get a piece of the corn bread .
and he roped everybody into the dinner - making project with daddy davidoff making lemonade , mother davidoff whipping up a batch of duke 's favorite cupcakes - he begged her till she gave in to his pitiful whines - suave making the salad , max doing the potato salad and silken roasting corn in the husk .
` ` just pigs and corn , '' i said with a laugh .
` ` pigs and corn .
he 's actually going to get the jet fueled up to go fly me out to corn country ? ''
he never planted a thing in his life , let alone rows of vegetables , corn , potatoes , and other things .
back when he looked at her like she 'd hung the corn planting moon in the sky .
her corn flower blue eyes looked misty .
at ten weeks , her child was the size of a corn nut , devon determined , yet had already developed all its internal organs , fingers , fingerprints and toes .
cattle were n't born to eat corn , for god 's sake .
date palms and olive trees numbering in the hundreds of thousands , wild flowers and cacti , impossible in beauty and abundance , farmed fruits and vegetables , especially apricots , figs and corn , astounding in size and taste .
` ` somebody must have just dropped it when people were evacuating , '' adam said , eyeing up his corn dog a little suspiciously .
a corn dog ?
he tossed down his corn dog stick in disgust .
she gave hope a quick hug and went back to the sink to gather up the corn that needed to be peeled .
farmed fruits and vegetables , especially figs , apricots , berries and corn , were astounding in size and taste .
he 'd arranged corn stalks and bales of hay from the back door to the barn .
even the wreaths on all the doors in cider mill farm were made out of corn husks that could be tossed into the woodlands behind cider mill farm without harming the environment .
he had to get fresh cranberries , those cute little watermelon radishes jase loved so much , and about eight loaves of this special pennsylvania dutch corn bread made with yeast that was only sold at lapp 's market .
the corn bread was for the turkey stuffing that isabelle was going to make , and luis wanted to buy it early so he could put it in a large basket and let it get stale before wednesday .
this close to harvest , the smell of ripe corn carried on the air - always a time of excitement for me since i was a farm girl at heart .
chapter 4 corn leaves slapped my face , raking my hair .
and it had reeked of corn , a treacly sweet smell .
` ` i ' m not frightened , i ' ve just never been out of the corn belt before .
it was corn souffle !
we are no longer in the corn belt , folks .
i 'd never seen these kinds of blues in the corn belt .
they 'd had ribs on the grill , corn on the cob , and potato salad for dinner , and they 'd gotten soaking wet running around and slamming water balloons into each other .
so as she followed him up the long drive , nothing but grass and corn growing as far as the eye could see , she vowed to get her shit together .
yet he liked eve standing in the driveway , her derby - ready car behind her , the late harvest corn in the field behind that .
an hour later , i was inhaling enchiladas with pico de gallo , and a black bean and corn salad , and the german chocolate cake was baking in the oven .
would she ever be prepared to dirty herself in corn syrup ?
i ' m just going to put on a pot of chili and mix up some corn bread .
i smiled as i mixed up the corn salsa .
i stifled a sob and worked on the corn salsa .
would he be the same man if he 'd grown up all corn fed and innocent with a homecoming king crown on his head ?
` ` would i miss corn dogs and tater tots ? ''
missy was halver county 's corn queen for two years running , after all .
the kid was growing faster than a stalk of corn in the fertile illinois soil .
she did n't know how long she stood like that , bawling her eyes out with only thousands and thousands of foot - high corn stalks as her witness , but it was twilight by the time she started walking down the road again .
` ` spill it and i 'll buy you a corn dog . ''
he pointed to her half eaten dog as he pulled the remaining piece of his corn dog from the stick and popped it into his mouth .
i took the fall corn and the colorful collection of gourds and put them as artfully as i could around and against the terracotta planter .
` ` do you have some regrets about shucking life in the city for shucking corn ? ''
followed closely by corn on the cob . ''
no longer a woman full grown , she was again a little girl sitting in her grandmother 's house , playing with the dolls her grandmother had made for her and her cousin sunshine runningwolf from the corn that grew in the garden out back .
there on top , next to the small picture of her and her cousin sunshine sitting on her grandmother 's lap , were the corn dolls she 'd been dreaming about .
those dolls had been burned to ashes on that day and then their remains scattered in the garden to feed the new crop of corn - the symbol of life and the cycle of birth , renewal , death , and rebirth ... .
there were only a handful of people around and he let her take his hand and feed him cotton candy , candy apples , funnel cake , and corn dogs .
a corn silk blonde ponytail wags back and forth outside our door instead .
tendrils of her hair moved behind her shoulders , but mostly it was corn silk .
her hair was like corn silk and her skin was like milky caramel .
the van crossed a lane of traffic , which was thank - god empty , and then we went down a shallow embankment and up again to end up in a field of corn .
johan yelled , but i scrambled to my feet and ran , ran , the corn making an ungodly noise at my passage .
i yelled , as i made my way through the corn .
i broke out of the corn about ten yards to the west of where the van had gone in , and i ran down the edge of the field toward the line of saviors .
his rifle took out johan glassport , who 'd broken out of the corn behind me .
high above him the stars glittered and gleamed , and the harvest moon shone golden yellow , the color of ripe corn .
and with the coins you get for the goat - and you 'll take nothing less than a florin , mark you - buy a hen , and buy corn , and turnips ; and perhaps we shall not starve .
` ` my mother told me i was to take the goat to the market , '' he said , ` ` and to sell him for a hen , and some corn , and some turnips , and to bring her home the change . ''
her hair lost its corn yellow hue , and she hung the amulet on the knob so kisten would know where she was .
putrid ash mother corn shucker , you want rooms ?
` ` they thought i was the one doing it , '' i said when i backed off to add the corn pollen .
corn pollen , fairy dust , and dandelion seed were for drifting on the ether to search , and my blood would be the catalyst to make it work .
deep breath in , filled with the scents of corn dogs - her mouth watered - car exhaust and perfumes , as well as faint traces of dirt and ... other things .
the headlights creep through the tall stalks , illuminating a leaf here , an ear of corn there .
my face burns with shallow cuts from the corn leaves , but my eyes are dry .
in the back of the truck she was just sitting on is a stack of crates marked apples and flour and corn .
but right now i do n't mind driving through the rows and rows of corn or wheat .
` ` i ' m not going to deep - throat a corn dog and then go make out with a bunch of chesty girls in catwoman costumes just to show i can hang with the comic guys . ''
` ` but would you let a comic book guy make out with you if he wore a catwoman costume and deep - throated a corn dog ? ''
` ` corn dog deep - throating or not . ''
less donkeys means more corn .
or grow corn ?
the walls and high ceilings were pale , with every square inch covered in hieroglyphics of animals , men , suns , moons , and stalks of wheat and corn .
he winked again before moving his attention to the next person in line , a man with a three - foot - tall , silver - and - jade headdress with a serpent eating some corn .
` ` ara , they 're like the children of the corn , baby .
the farmer still plants corn in rows . '' )
` ` dude , you ' ve got to try the corn dogs ! ''
out past sherman , the towns are farther apart : small , white clapboard hamlets buried in the woods , marked by church spires and town ponds , signs for homemade honey for sale along the side roads , and farm stands with fresh eggs and corn .
at home we ate as much corn as we could stand .
there will be hay rides and the corn maze is ready too . ''
` ` what about the corn maze ? ''
` ` i got the work i wanted to finished , so i can frolic through the corn maze tonight with no worries . ''
` ` you could romp through the corn , '' i suggest with a laugh .
i glance over at him and notice his scowl before he schools his features and watches his son and the boy 's dog happily run alongside the wagon as we bounce over the field to the pumpkins and the corn maze .
it 's close to seven in the evening , just approaching twilight , but the rows of pumpkins and the high stalks of corn are illuminated with tall stadium lights so bright it 's almost the same as being out here during the middle of the day .
` ` what , are you afraid that you 'll get lost in the corn maze and you 'll need your twelve - year - old to help you find your way back out ? ''
` ` thor and i want to go into the corn maze ! ''
zack takes her hand and leads her into the corn .
seth exclaims as he and his dog bound out of the corn .
` ` you queue up the movie , i 'll make the corn . ''
he moved only to walk down the sidewalk to look around her unit , then he stood there , eyes on the straight indiana street that led to corn country one way and right into the heart of a city the other .
and she hated it when dad took dusty and darrin out to walk through the rows of corn and share his farmer wisdom .
they had to think about the corn .
acres and acres of corn and soybeans .
but the corn has to go in and it does n't just plant itself .
the holliday farm was more than fifty times the space but from april to november , the vast majority of that land was taken up with corn .
you could not ride a horse through corn .
the corn needed to go in so we were putting it in .
with four people working the farm , the corn was nearly finished being planted .
as if he intended to make this point even clearer than he 'd already done , fin walked toward where rees was wheeling moonshine around at the top of the yard closest to the corn .
fin shoved his in , wheeled moonshine around , dug his heels into her flanks and moonshine shot toward the corn .
fin yelled as he took rees into the fledgling corn , no hot on their heels .
fin asked , walking the horse carefully between the rows of corn on his way to take them to the watering hole .
she fell silent as they slowly made their way through the low growth of corn .
but i knew why he brought me to his bedroom when i saw , beyond his fenced yard , there was also a view of straight , flat cornfield , the corn growing , knee height now .
there was intricate , lacy woodwork in the corners of the posts holding up the porch roof ; the lawn looked like mine , green and healthy ; and the pristine rows filled with the wide leaves of the growing corn , both spiky and bowed , all of it exquisitely cared for and cultivated showed these farmers loved their home , their farm , the pride went deep and it was amazing to behold .
` ` dump a can of ro - tel on a cake of velveeta , nuke it , stir it , nuke it more until it 's smooth and then eat the f**k outta that shit usin ' corn chips . ''
on this thought , i yanked out a dead corn stalk but did it smiling .
under this i discovered corn , carrots and peas in a thick delicious brown gravy .
then , out of nowhere , the cornfields moved and corn husk man jumped out at us .
we both skirted corn husk man and ran flat out , giggling and screaming , to the end of the corn maze .
we both skirted corn husk man and ran flat out , giggling and screaming , to the end of the corn maze .
also , resting against one side of the door was a bunch of dried corn stalks bound together with more ( these not carved ) pumpkins and some gourds nestled at the bottom .
there were candles on the dining room table , ensconced in decorative corn husks and miniature gourds .
automatically he reached to answer it , then his gaze was snared by the faceted sapphire blue of her eyes and he deliberately returned to buttering the corn bread .
his gaze lingered on the fields that would eventually be planted with corn and soy beans and the occasional patch of sorghum .
she either found someplace to rest or she collapsed in the middle of a corn field .
he shot a frowning glance toward the endless miles of corn .
the field had been used for growing corn and wheat for generations until it became a casualty of big - business farming .
in the mirror , she looked like she was forty , with bags under her eyes and hair the consistency of corn husks .
he was a not - so - bright guy who worked with dumb animals and corn stalks all day long - it was n't until he had to deal with adults who were on his level that his inferiority complex came out .
she listened to max play with his computer speller while imagining what it might be like to live in such a place , with bees humming in the flowers nearby , a small dust cloud following a tractor as it rolled slowly along in the field next door , the wind gently stirring the tops of the corn stalks .
as the days of june passed and the baby 's movements became more obvious , she planted tomatoes , corn and zucchini , peas and carrots , and some bulb flowers she 'd found for sale in a magazine - dahlias she 'd ordered from denmark .
after a quick stop for more red bull , we left behind the horse pastures and green farmlands , with tidy rows of corn seedlings whizzing by in a blur , and climbed to higher elevation .
the month before , we 'd go out and get the newest in camouflage and fill the feeders in the woods and fields with corn .
` ` something got into the corn last night . ''
savanna headed right into the barn to be with daisy and i made my way toward the corn field .
driving through , what could have been the inspiration for children of the corn , i felt like i was in some horror movie where radioactive chemicals caused humans to turn into cannibals .
cotton candy , kettle corn , caramel apples , corn dogs , deep - fried twinkies .
they make their own tortillas , and according to dad , who knows these things , they serve the best green corn tamales in the valley .
` ` great corn bread , '' he said .
did you know that if you put it into corn bread dough , it makes terrific muffins ? ''
gabe propped one shoulder against the wall and savored a bite of warm corn bread .
the rain continued , deluging the fields of soybeans and corn that stretched for miles on either side of the highway .
she could make out the faded image of a corn dog on the back wall .
the tables were littered with soda cans , beer bottles , bowls holding crumbs of corn chips , and stacks of videotapes and dvds .
he looked at the world with watery blue eyes , and his hair was corn silk blond .
the dog began to squirm beneath the table , eyeing a little boy who was picking at a piece of corn bread .
but the dog only sniffed at it , then went back to eyeing the bread , and when their corn bread came , emma passed her portion underneath the table .
friday we drove a few towns south to a tourist spot full of neon lights and corn dogs for their sunset celebration .
` ` i got some corn .
` ` no corn for you , either . ''
sky watched in amazement as thorne put away four corn dogs , two churros , a snow cone , and a large coke .
she thrust the last corn dog at him .
he wrinkled his nose against the smell of corn and roasting chicken .
want to help me husk the corn ?
i smiled a little before returning my attention to the corn .
jake pulled out an ear of corn and took a seat next to me to help husk .
this vamp 's saving grace was his lovely straight pale hair , the color of white corn .
i made my voice warm , like butter melting on corn on the cob .
the prescotts had a sheaf of corn , a bale of hay , and some ornamental squash and pumpkins arranged artfully on the front lawn .
strippers in las vegas are like corn in iowa .
i screamed , feeling the corn sprinkle everywhere .
` ` every rose has its corn ! ''
in the infield of a ring of green place mats lay bowls of green beans , corn , mashed potatoes , squash casserole , macaroni and cheese .
it was november and the corn was gone , but the acres of wind turbines arced in the darkness above us .
` ` you grow corn here ? ''
i love a good corn dog .
if it has n't been swimming in oil , it 's not a real corn dog .
we had lobster , blueberry salad , corn on the cob .
dusk was rapidly falling , and the knee - high corn plants swayed in the soft sticky breeze .
corn plants were lazily swaying behind her and he almost laughed .
he could honestly say he 'd never made it with a woman in a field of corn .
the corn in the north field was ready to be brought in , and he just could n't see having piper around heavy equipment .
he instantly had a woody to rival his corn silo in size .
chapter 21 danny mowed down harvested corn stalks with his kubota tractor , and it felt good .
then he did a one - eighty and decided that would be about as smart as strolling into the chicken coop naked with corn kernels stuck all over him .
she spent all her time trying to absorb the sight and smell of piper and the house , the yard , and the view of the corn stalks waving under the blue sky .
` ` for something the size of a corn husk ?
we 're framing a barn , and we should get a good start on it , but i need to get back and put the corn in the silo .
` ` why do n't we ever eat the corn for lunch ?
` ` it 's not sweet corn .
it 's feed corn , grown specifically to feed livestock .
` ` were n't you going to put the corn in the silo this afternoon ? ''
` ` mm ... corn too ? ''
` ` we grew corn and soybeans .
` ` i have younger students trace spelling words in corn meal with a finger . ''
` ` so is corn on the cob . ''
even you ca n't ruin corn flakes . ''
settling on a bowl of corn flakes and milk , she joined holly at the table .
gabrielle stared at the lone corn flake swirling in milk .
there are corn flakes , though . ''
the room smelled of corn bread and jambalaya .
lucky - ass corn .
there was a grain silo bursting with corn and barn cats running rampantly around the property .
her ears were two perfect triangles sitting at the top of her head , and her fur was lush and long like corn silk .
i bite into what turns out to be crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside corn bread .
it looked like they were in the middle of an old corn field , and the buildings that surrounded them looked like abandoned barns .
he teased me mercilessly , dragged me to carnivals , and made me eat day - old corn dogs .
they did have good corn dogs there .
as if one cheating friend was n't enough , now there was tessa crimson with an attached guy - eating a corn dog !
i laughed , twirling the corn dog stick in my hand .
i laughed and walked into the haunted house behind him , pausing to throw out my half - eaten corn dog before going in .
` ` it 's so fun meeting new people , '' izzie said happily to christian as she chewed on the stick of her corn dog .
a couple were missing near the front , and they were as yellow as corn .
` ` you 'll let me know when to bring out the corn , '' she calls .
monica hurried up to her side as they walked through a barren field that looked like it had once grown corn .
mae looked like she was going to her own funeral as they sped by the wheat and corn fields , which were green and growing now that spring had moved in .
` ` nothing except fascinating records on corn hybrids , '' he said .
so when one was defiled by semidigested corn flakes , and i mean defiled , she went into crisis - averting mode and immediately pronounced herself a genius for having the foresight to purchase two gowns .
until we realized that there were also semidigested corn flakes splattered across her jimmy choo bridal shoes .
the end flap said pict - sweet corn .
he and young ian had removed the gold from the house 's foundation the night after mrs . bug 's funeral - a delicate process preceded by my putting out a large slop basin of stale bread soaked in corn liquor , then calling ` ` sooo - eeee ! ''
as christ was conceived of mary full perfect on every hand , assist thou me , foster mother , the conception to bring from the bone ; and as thou didst aid the virgin of joy , without gold , without corn , without kine , aid thou her , great is her sickness , aid her , o bride !
corn and beans , spiced with onions and garlic .
our bona fides being established , jamie disappeared briefly and came back with a blanket and three fresh corn dodgers .
by report , the americans were receiving cattle , funneled out of new england , these being collected in quantity in bennington , as well as a considerable number of wagons , these full of corn , flour , and other necessaries .
things were going reasonably well for me , too ; mrs . kebbits , the militia wife , did feed ian and myself , and very hospitably , with fresh corn dodgers and rabbit stew with onions .
after a time , i found that only certain details showed up vividly : the cup of a dead ear , purple in the dawn light , looking like an exotic fungus ; the brilliant burst of light i 'd seen when harley boble had broken my nose ; the smell of corn on the breath of the teenaged idiot who 'd tried to rape me .
morag had family there , a brother in inverness who 'd done well for himself , was a prosperous corn chandler .
it was jenny , with an apronful of corn .
he sighed , but then relaxed , breathing in the scents of woodsmoke , pine needles , and roasted corn .
the air was thick with the sweetness of corn liquor ; he 'd dipped his instruments in it , and they lay gleaming wetly on the clean napkin mrs . macken had put down on the sideboard .
he moved to pick up the bottle of rough corn liquor from the sideboard , but she shook her head .
i gave the shelf behind me a quick glance ; it was our pantry and held the sum total of the household 's stores : a small crock of lard , cloth bags of oatmeal , flour , rice , beans , and parched corn , a braid of onions and a few dried apples , half a wheel of cheese , a little box of salt and a pepper pot , and the remains of a loaf of sugar .
` ` and there 's honey to have with our corn bread !
on their way around the carnival to the ferris wheel , they passed a trailer that sold the typical variety of carnival food - hot dogs , corn dogs , onion rings , popcorn , cotton candy , and caramel apples .
he watched and laughed with her as she decimated her hot dog , chomped on her corn dog , nibbled at her onion rings , and popped pieces of her popcorn into her mouth .
she asked at one point , holding her half - eaten corn dog out to him .
slowly , miracle held the corn dog to his lips and hardy took a bite .
as he chewed , he thought it was the best corn dog he 'd ever had , that he could surely taste the sweetness of her mouth lingering on the food .
` ` they start at large and go through two x. i know how big these corn - fed country boys can be . ''
they farmed corn , and he decided to start producing a whiskey from it called bourbon that had become popular .
` ` or large corn on the cob ? ''
chapter 2 : suffering that fucking moon was yellow , an ugly globular corn kernel sagging in the sky .
he opened his eyes and could see he was standing in a field of new corn , hearing the wind rustle the leaves .
his progress seemed good as the burning stalks of corn were whizzing past rapidly , but there seemed to be no end to them .
the fruit trees , cotton , black - eyed peas , squash , potatoes and corn were all well known to the occupants of this house .
they then followed county roads for miles kicking up dust and racing by fields of corn , milo and wheat .
rows of corn and milo sped past the car illuminated by the high beam headlights in a blur , confusing them as to their location .
his only escape was to hide out in the tall corn in the dark .
rain poured and thunder cracked all around , but no one , not even the police officer could find the small ten year old tony rhine in this corn field .
walking on the old corn stubble and the uneven surface of the cornrows was difficult , especially with the snow cover .
after a long walk along the frozen crop rows and corn stubble , the farmhouse was now visibly burning as a pile of wood .
and calico said , as fast as she could : when i die the ocean will take my flesh and it will get sucked up into the clouds and rained down on the earth and eaten by the corn and the cows and the babes until the earth burns and we are all made into stars but not my bones my bones will stay on the bottom for the mermaids to find and they ll take them and make flutes from my legs and arms and chimes from my ribs and a drum from my skull and they will play and play and the music will be so beautiful the angels will laugh and weep .
at one at last with the sounds only she could hear , calico threw her head back and said , in a monotone , when i die the ocean will take my flesh and it will get sucked up into the clouds and rained down on the earth and eaten by the corn and the cows and the babes until the earth burns and we are all made into stars but not my bones my bones will stay on the bottom for the mermaids to find and they ll take them and make flutes from my legs and arms and chimes from my ribs and a drum from my skull and they will play and play and the music will be so beautiful the angels will laugh and weep .
` ` corn and cattle ... it was all done by machines , which constantly broke down . ''
and i also had fun creating some cool crafts out of kernels of corn , but beyond that , it all blew chunks .
it made her hair look as yellow as corn .
i draw a plan of the garden and mark out where the corn , beans , tomatoes , potatoes and last , but certainly not least , lettuces will go .
we walk along the cobbled road between fields of corn and wheat , and orange and olive groves .
while there 's still patches of long meadow grass waving in the breeze , most of the surface of the little asteroid is covered with houses and trees , and fields of wheat and corn .
the plants sarah saw in the botany lab were hybrids she could n't even conceive of , not to mention design , plants whose scale was controlled to the micron , diminutive pine trees and gigantic chamomile , leaves of every shade but green processing chlorophyll , plants without roots that could move around at will , transparent roses , rubber trees genetically altered to secrete aluminum , cucumber plants that changed their color like vegetal chameleons , microscopic baobabs , sub aquatic corn fields , and a soy bean that tasted just like steak .
not as we see it now , with lush fields of soy beans and corn and orchards weighed down with fruit , but as we first laid eyes on her , dusty , sparse and vulnerable , an empty field open to all possibilities , a place for dreams to come true . ''
that should keep us covered until we can crunch all the corn flakes .
` ` i need a single ticket to lancaster , pennsylvania , '' ruth told the dark skinned attendant whom she assumed might be from jamaica from her clothing and hairdo which contained a myriad of corn rolls all laced at the ends with intricate gold caps .
they lived just around the bend in the corn field .
as they walked through the corn , their hands grabbed the giant grasshoppers that nibbled on the corn day and night .
as they walked through the corn , their hands grabbed the giant grasshoppers that nibbled on the corn day and night .
not as good as their relatives on the next farm just around the bend in the corn field would soon taste .
targan wheat and blue corn could be grown .
state route the sun glared over the field of corn like a lighthouse watching the resonant waves of an angry golden sea .
the road turned toward a small house about a thousand feet away , the weeds beginning to yield to a long dead field of corn .
he slid his hat back onto his head and surveyed the dead field of corn , then the parched ground .
they wordlessly moved along until , three yards shy of the shadow - mangled corn , the sheriff thrust a hand out to block sykes path and shushed him .
as he stepped up to the corn , sykes half expected it to spontaneously part like some kind of biblical event , cowering under two - hundred - plus pounds of intimidation .
he charged into the corn like a crazed bull , heading toward what he thought was- greenpea !
well , greenpea , maybe you d like to dig it up and take it home , the sheriff snarled as he secured his holster and started into the corn .
they tore through the last of the corn , almost exactly where they had first entered .
erie was known for dust , corn , and beans ? and at least one very below average foster home .
in short order , they were fairly inseparable , and today , evidently , they needed to go looking for a corn snake .
while they trekked deeper into the woods , alex seemed even more determined to find the corn snake .
and behind their foster house was a corn crib that would be perfect to shelter it in , complete with plenty of mice for it to nibble on .
` ` but you got ta admit , '' liberty chimed in , ` ` it was neater than a corn snake ! ''
` ` this was the spot where we quit looking for that corn snake you wanted . ''
alex nodded and waited with sartek and isara , crouched behind the corn bin .
it was just then , as he stood up to walk to the house , that liberty saw the lovely little corn snake slither out of the bin and off into the tall grass .
out from behind the corn crib , the other three appeared .
during their bus ride , sartek told him , as he was observing the seemingly endless fields of corn that stretched flat all the way to the horizon , that there was virtually no land spot on his home planet from which water was n't visible .
roxy used the belt on liberty , and when he crawled out the attic window some time later to sit by himself on the shanty roof , they 'd called to him from below , from behind the corn crib .
even from the distance to the corn bin , he could see how red liberty 's eyes were , and the marks on his legs were dreadfully obvious as he shimmied back through the window .
he was n't even sure if he was going in a straight line but kept running fast as he could until he felt the corn husks whipping his face .
when she was done , a basket with corn flour was passed around , and each person sprinkled some on the cake , while muttering a blessing .
sissik wailed and , like corn before the scythe , wave upon wave of men and women crumpled to the earth till , at the last , a single cursed soul remained upright .
beans , corn , tomatoes .
behind the cottages were neatly furrowed fields of corn , wheat , and vegetables .
he stood outside the corn booth munching and watching the antics of a strolling player who entertained the children , conscious of the puppeteer who stood to one side awaiting his chance .
it offered up a bounty of seed corn and soybeans and even some sacks of barley and oats and the like .
kaylee also thinks we can make corn bread as soon as she works out how to mill the corn .
the corn swayed slightly in the garden , the tassels just beginning to turn golden .
as jorge spied through the crack , willard staggered between the stacks of hay bales , plastic water barrels , and sacks of cracked corn like he was looking for his bottle .
the tasseled corn rattled and swayed , and a hunched figure emerged from between the rows .
the corn rattled behind her , with yet another zaphead following , a squat , asian - looking man with no shirt .
the corn was already making ears , and bees hovered around the golden tassels .
whenever jorge bought a load of cracked corn , hay , or fertilizer for the wilcox place , shed averted her eyes as he filled out the bill of sale , careful to never make contact with the skin of his fingers .
the fields held great tall stalks of corn , rising ten feet into the sky .
they were all converging on my upstairs pantry , where they pulled out bags of flour and sugar and corn meal , ripping them open , and lapping up the contents ravenously .
brad shook his head , then said , well what if you cooked a big hunk of venison covered in pepper , and you cooked some corn on the same spit right beside it ?
and oh , i need to un - tuck your shirt , fred said as he grabbed jims shirt and pulled it out of his pants ; like he was shucking corn back home .
he looked down and the sun started shinning up over the buildings like rising stocks of corn .
join skye ronans mailing list for updates on new releases at skyeronan.com channeled contact series episode one episode two table of contents prologue chapter one chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five chapter six prologue laurence dewitt kicked his soccer ball at the side a corn silo , sending it bouncing back to land at his feet .
be glad cats never learned to use the hoe or i might just put you to work with me in the corn .
it 'll do the corn good .
he grows beans , peas , tomatoes , cucumbers , corn , potatoes , squash , and next to the apple orchard he has strawberries and raspberry bushes .
there s only so many places an italian import can hide in the middle of corn country .
the bodies had been there for a long while , not much more than dried corn husks dressed in rags .
the sweet corn was a hot and little wisps of steam disappeared into the air .
ryan picked up the corn cob and his little teeth bit out half a dozen kernels .
i can use the corn husks to wrap the pig , along with some aluminum foil to hold the whole mess together .
she took the corn from her them began peeling the husk away , picking off white spidery vines .
after a few minutes lora served maria a large steaming plate of vegetables then cut an age appropriate sized piece of steak then placed it beside the steaming cob on corn .
she said as she picked up the cob of corn then nibbled around its hard core .
while the leaves resembled corn , the above ground harvest was more like a soybean .
you might want to sit down okay , wallis answered , eyeing the bucket of corn .
once they were settled and wallis dug into the fragrant , but rapidly cooling , ears of corn , graham decided it was now or never .
without a pause in his rapid nibbling along the ear of corn , wallis nodded and grunted something that sounded vaguely like a yes .
he had heard the slosh of liquid and caught a whiff of corn hooch on occasion when it was only meant to be vegetables coming up .
they were keeping a lot of corn and orange cabbage up there to eat .
a lot of harvesting ... grain , corn ... those two bridges we need to put in before winter . ''
the result was a perhaps unusual assortment that included fruit , leaf - spinach , nuts , steamed and stir - fried broccoli , brussels sprouts , eggplant , corn meal mush fried golden brown , over - easy eggs , buckwheat pancakes , an assortment of wendy 's burgers , and a wide variety of sea food and pasta dishes .
elizabeth explained to her father that they were following deer trails , and now that he knew to look for them , an amazing network of deer trails became evident , as paths marked by fall leaves that were crushed to corn - flake size , footholds carved by sharp hooves into steep slopes , and openings stubbornly pried through otherwise impenetrable brush .
feed pig corn ?
it was nt hard for a man like him to find farm girls who were tired of milking cows and watching the corn grow .
after an unknown length of time , adolph awoke to find himself tied up in some type of brown burlap bag that smelled like corn .
- only a pinch of salt gives the taste for it beside the lettuce , the corn , the cucumber , the carrot and the radish .
she gave him his feed and patted his rump and went to take notes on harvesting corn .
according to the books , the fields she had to the back side of her farm were corn and wheat .
she was going to try to find the stalks with wheat on them still , but knew her better bet was the corn that was dried on the ears still in the fields .
arlingtonsurvivor : there was some corn and wheat .
` ` corn , wheat , barley , '' coraline answered quickly .
according to coraline , the amount of corn mother had harvested into two sacks the previous fall was pathetic .
she wished she could go back in time and get more , work harder , save the corn instead of letting it rot on the stalks .
the one behind mother 's farm house would be planted with corn , as it had been the previous year .
stealth would get four people to train , but only on days they were not harvesting the large crops of corn , barley , and wheat .
the corn reaping went fairly smoothly , but as soon as the worker realized they 'd have to not only reap but thresh the wheat and barley as well , it was all downhill .
open sesame my mates , we are preparing for the journey says a tall bowlegged man with a long beard , eye patch over his right eye , and old eighteenth century naval fleet attire in pristine condition , black with gilded highlights , long curly black locks behind him , a grit of determination in his hoarse voice , and corn pipe in his mouth .
is corn flake in danger ?
is corn flake , dylan could nt help grinning , acting like he s in danger ?
she turned back to corn flake .
okay , that s a good sign , she said then , as corn flake wagged his tail .
so when he got kicked off i could nt bear knowing that every time mike harnessed up the team , corn flake had to watch and not be part of it .
by now , corn flake and froot loup were an inch away from contact .
when they got backjust a few minutes later , since they d abandoned the idea of going for a walk with corn flake , everdylan rummaged around in one of boxes from their tour that he had yet to unpack , then went out into the yard .
they watched as corn flake herded it to the side of the house .
just as she decided to get out and run in , she saw him in the distance , on foot , corn flake in his arms .
so corn flake must still be alive .
he bent and awkwardly got into the back seat with corn flake still in his arms , head drooping .
he hurried to the front door of the vets office , carrying corn flake , bundled in the blanket .
dylan got into the back seat with loup , who had calmed considerably once she saw corn flakethey kept the curtains open , and rev continued to wag his tail every now and thenand started singing their lullaby .
so were going to have to teach corn flake about snares , rev said a little later .
he knocked through the corn stalks like a stick down a picket fence .
i m okay , a shaky voice yelled out from in front of the barn and many rows of corn away .
just kind offull of corn .
for fruits and vegetables we will be test most of the major types including pineapples , soy , corn , wheat , cherries and peppers .
guiding his siblings to take a seat , he rummaged through their supplies , pulling out the small camping stove , cookware , their can of chili , and a box of the corn muffin mix .
poet , in cargo of corn , cape henlopen , dl . , to port said , egypt .
now , do nt you go puttin corn rows in that little girls hair , ya hear ?
at some point in the very recent past , i would assume there was corn or some shit to block the view , but not anymore .
the homes sat further from the road and then they gave way to acres of dead corn or open grazing land .
beyond them were the open fields where dad planted a little corn , pumpkins and for the first time last spring , wheat .
a few chickens pecked at some corn scattered in the hay .
the two of them did some kinda children of the corn shit and threw punches at the same time .
a large crater had been formed in the impact , and the corn around it for several yards had been flattened .
well have to come back for our ship and the technology in it , the woman said as the four of them trekked through the corn field .
and without waiting for the clothes the farmer had offered him , or even pausing to say thank you , adam ran out of the barn and across the field of tall , ripe corn .
cleverly i had kept my supper from the previous night , and had managed to sneak away an extra can of sweet corn .
a good bed of coals glowed under the rack and several ears of corn roasted above them on the rack you guys have been busy , tom said .
never mind that , patty said , where did you find corn ?
a small , red child sized wagon , still loaded with overflowing boxes of corn , sat off to one side .
he began to place the thick roasts of venison onto the grill rack beside the roasting ears of corn .
nell and lilly went to the market on state street and came back with ears of corn that were still good .
here we were dragging all that stuff around , and bob talking about going hunting so we could have something to cook on the grill besides corn , when down the road we hear some light tap - click tap - click , and the deer showed up just as if the gods had sent them to us .
one team of four would go over to state street and the grocery store that mike had been bringing food from , the same one lilly had brought the ears of corn from .
probably where lilly got the corn .
when the ` ` uppity bastards , '' as cora called them , on the east side had sent a letter demanding that she cut down on the fertilizer her hired man used on the corn field , she had called in john , the hired man , and told him to use just a little more instead .
ira realized they had left the desert when he felt the tops of the tall rows of corn they were walking through brushing against his face .
they flew silently passed field after field of wheat , corn and other crops that kion could nt identify .
a modest garden sat in the center of the pack and featured most of the key seasonal forest fruits : arugula , dragon tongue bush beans , broccoli , endive , bulls blood beets and brussels sprouts , florence fennel , garlic , kale , carrots , corn and cauliflower , radicchio , rhubarb , parsnip , potatoes and pumpkins .
she heard them talking opposite the corn exchange .
if i ' m spending time with nelly or lilly , showing them how to plant corn or weed around the radishes , vinny will be pulling up all the carrot seedling or burying the pumpkins and if i stop to give izzy a feed , the others start fighting .
not only that , but how about a guaranteed first bid on nafta 's next citrus and banana crop , and maybe , just maybe , a special exclusive deal on usa sugar beet byproducts for your nation 's livestock feed needs , which will free up more of your nation 's wheat and corn for human consumption , which will knock the prices down for the russian consumer .
the land was flat in all directions with lots of tall grass intermixed with immature corn , soybeans , and wheat that grew wild .
no one , least of all josef schliemann , was going to admit believing a farmer in a corn field was blessed with a glimpse into a future world , but how much more plausible was it he was given a peek into an alternate reality ?
those who tried to develop corn from the progeny of the hybrid seed had struggled the previous year .
now the historically productive ` ` corn belt '' was keeping all that they produced .
the wreckers were romping , outside the sill , and a blue cheek robin sat perfectly still , questioning the stress , as meaningless , and the grass and the worm and the coffin below , set by the clockworm and all runnng slow , the wreckers were spending their time again , on the semi asphalt inside the rain , dewdrips gather in early spring , and hope to hear the parrots still sing , the wreckers are feeling their oats agin , and the corn grows oldin rainbows arch , skylarks flew in closeshorn ranks .
she was a girl , running in the dome - edge fields of dutch - russia , galloping through soy corn and sunflowers .
the field was sprouting up nicely ; the corn stalks were about waste - high and , being dressed in shorts and t - shirt , lev was getting nicked by their long , sharp leaves .
mile after mile of farmland , mostly corn , a little milo , soybeans , and pasture .
these graves were like corn rows planted horizontally .
from the bark - lined roof twenty feet above them dozens of bundles of corn - cobs , tobacco leaves , and dozens of baskets and bags were hung , most containing drying foods that would feed the household through the coming long winter .
` ` traditional corn , beans , and squash remain the primary foods , '' doc noted , ` ` and they also grow traditional artichokes , pumpkins , sunflowers , tobacco , and herbs .
among the many workers several horse - drawn carts could be seen , piled high with squash , pumpkins , and corn stocks .
this may have been our last corn crop , and we are starting to use faster growing varieties of squash and other foods .
by next summer we 'll lead these people away from their myths and kicking and screaming into the twenty first century so that then they can move to a warmer climate where they can still happily grow their corn , beans , and squash if they want to .
we are trying to organise an assault on the 45 but we are being cut down like corn .
the men ran out from the first rank , into a field of dead bodies ; fallen corn stalks .
murphy was black , from detroit , and joseph was a big , blond , corn feed southern boy .
but then one day , while lifting out an electric corn popper from under the sink , arctor had hit his head on the corner of a kitchen cabinet directly above him .
at first he had resentfully stopped work and succumbed to thrilling at the very sight of her ; but then he had hit his head in the kitchen while getting out the corn popper and had found a better solution .
they faced him toward the field , and he saw the corn , like ragged projections .
fields , within the taller rows of corn .
the farm - facility manager and donald abrahams glanced at each other and then down at the kneeling figure , the kneeling man and the mors ontologica planted everywhere , within the concealing corn .
where they spit , corn grows fifteen feet high .
the clothing of the billibottoners tended to be smudged , old , and sometimes corn .
pigs , cows , and sheep , corn and wheat , beets and carrots : those became the vital patriotic idiosyncratic ethnic preoccupations , not the aural text of some great american epic poetic stupidity such as whittier 's snowbound .
around him now he saw closely - planted rows of corn , an early - ripening hybrid , and between the rows , great hairy squash plants on which odd yellow squash like bowling balls grew .
they grow peas and corn and beans down there .
` ` seed corn .
` ` seed corn ? ''
` ` this corn wo n't last long in this hole , and i do n't trust leaving it out in the open . ''
next year we 'll have more corn , and then we can worry about room .
` ` they must have heard we had corn in here . ''
additional seed corn provided a chance for a second planting , one much larger and ambitious than the first .
howls sounded behind them , and raoden waved his people to the side as shaor 's men descended upon the corn .
the grain they 'd dropped had been seed corn , hardened over the winter to be planted in spring .
he devoured it all - flaccid vegetables , moldy bread , meat , even some of the corn , the hard grains softened slightly by their extended bath in elantris slime .
the dweller , a surprisingly young man with a wild shock of strawberry hair that reached almost to his waist , was weeding a scrawny stand of corn with zealous abandon .
the mule let out a wheezing grunt and the dweller looked up , glaring blue eyes coming target - center on the gunslinger in a moment he raised both hands in curt salute and then bent to the corn again , humping up the row next to his hut with back bent , tossing devil - grass and an occasional stunted corn plant over his shoulder .
the mule let out a wheezing grunt and the dweller looked up , glaring blue eyes coming target - center on the gunslinger in a moment he raised both hands in curt salute and then bent to the corn again , humping up the row next to his hut with back bent , tossing devil - grass and an occasional stunted corn plant over his shoulder .
` ` corn 's free , but you 'll have to kick something in for the beans .
the gunslinger stepped gingerly over the rows of corn and went around back .
when he came through the hut 's door and walked down the steps ( the hovel proper was set below ground level , de signed to catch and hold the coolness of the nights ) , brown was poking ears of corn into the embers of a tiny fire with a hardwood spatula .
after a little , the smell of roasting corn came to his nose .
iv the beans were like bullets , the corn tough .
but the corn c god , the corn .
but the corn c god , the corn .
corn was the main crop , but there were beans and also some peas .
one of the boys removed a crazily tilted twist of corn - shuck from his mouth , grasped a green cat's - eye marble , and squirted it into the dirt circle .
vii he came in the late afternoon of the day nort died , and the wind was whooping up , pulling away the loose topsoil , sending sheets of grit and uprooted stalks of corn wind milling past .
the uprooted corn was gathered together by the children , and a week after nort 's resurrection , they burned it in the middle of the street .
allie moved about like a wraith , lighting lamps , tending the corn fritters that spluttered in the skillet .
he filled his tote sack with corn meal , dried and roasted corn , and half of the raw hamburg in the cooler .
` ` corn ? ''
` ` now , you look at how they behave when you throw some grub over the fence to them , such as corn stalks .
so my dad shut off the filter system , and now when the rider comes and opens the gate our way , we can pump it so fast that my dad let me put in a whole new vegetable garden i can water with overflow , and i have corn and squash and a couple of carrots , but something ate all the beets .
we had corn last night from it .
as they stood at the edge of the patch of corn , leo said to him in a low voice , ` ` how are you and silvia getting along these days ? ''
corn is no longer a stunted , largely inedible weed .
inside was a utilitarian wooden building , and a field of corn .
mostly they are attempting to develop a strain of corn that can grow in low - moisture , high - alkalinity soil .
a rock ranch like this one would grow corn in one season up there .
my attention was not focused on the second set of gardens he led me through - one with corn growing waist - high in the blistering heat of the brilliant mirrors - or the wide but low - ceilinged cavern he called the ` ` rec room . ''
he pulled me into the narrow tunnel mouth that led toward the eastern field , where the corn was almost ripe .
when i was helping with the corn harvest , for example , and lily thanked me for a fresh basket with a smile , andy 's eyes bulged in their sockets at the exchange .
i made ian get the food and bring it to me while i hid in the field where half - grown sprouts of wheat replaced the corn .
avata also admires the wheat and corn , the apple trees and cedars .
` ` so that no stalk of corn or stalk of wheat shall ever grow .
i believe that you referred to area governor johnsbury as a corn - holing sonofabitch . ' ''
the sheep 's in the meadow , the cow 's in the corn .
his mother was still under the impression that he liked corn on the cob and hated brussels sprouts .
in horror the old comtesse dropped this effigy upon knowing that it could only be evil , and that it looked far too much like the corn dolls made by the peasants in their old beltane rituals against which the priests are forever preaching ; and throwing open the other doors , she beheld jewels and gold beyond all reckoning , in heaps and in caskets , and in little sacks of silk , which , said the old comtesse , the woman surely meant to steal when her husband was dead .
and then i saw the beautiful flesh and blood form which nature had given her ravaged by fire , like a corn husk in a burning field .
thou shalt not muzzle the ox as he treadeth out the corn , he thought , remembering the torah .
he was holding a portable cb , and it was lively with talk : voices popping like corn and jumping all over each other .
he talked about the fishing trade ( ` ` not what it useter be , boy , although it 's less muties they pull up in their nets these days , ' n that 's a blessin '' ) , the farming trade ( ` ` folks round here can grow most anythin , long 's it 's corn or beans '' ) , and finally about those things clearly closest to his heart : horsin , coursin , and ranchin .
the last of the tomatoes were picked , the last of the cucumbers , the last of the corn , the last of the parey and mingo .
it occurred to me as i drove north through the deserted miles of western nebraska ( where i also happened to be , driving back from colorado , when i got the idea for a story called ` ` children of the corn '' ) , that if i did n't start soon , i would never write the book at all .
there were spots of frost on the drooping green grass and on the taller weeds , yellow as ripe corn .
once it had been filled with tall corn and green bursts of beans and peas .
he tried to imagine the field covered in corn .
' course , best way is catch one and pen it and feed it corn for a week or so , then kill it .
he raised his mug of chicha , a fermented corn drink , and took a long sip .
sam took another swig of the corn beer .
and a wide plowed meadow where fields of grainlike quinoa alternated with rows of corn , chili pepper plants , beans , and squash .
a less picky thief - a macaque monkey - bounded out of the ruins , grabbed an ear of corn from behind the woman , and dashed straight in front of kowalski .
in recent years , the company 's patented hybridization and transgenic technologies have increased grain , corn , and rice yields by 35 percent .
they had test fields of genetically modified corn growing out of the parched soils of the region .
she had planned to spend the entire night finishing some dna assays on the newly harvested corn .
let them have the corn .
the corn was going to be destroyed anyway .
dark figures moved on the far side of the corn rows .
a line of men bearing flamethrowers set off down the rows of corn , burning the fields that had yet to be harvested .
the screen displayed the chromosomal mapping for the corn sample planted in the test field out in africa .
` ` here you can see the radio - marked foreign dna engineered into the genetically modified corn . ''
the same method was now used in corn .
such biotechnology had grown so prevalent over the past ten years that currently one - third of all corn grown in the united states was genetically modified .
they had just harvested the first generation of corn from the seeds planted .
again a majority of them were color coded in black , denoting normal corn dna .
they could be testing more than one version of the corn out there .
the sample 's become more foreign and less corn . ''
it had revealed a genetic map of the corn harvested in africa .
radioactive markers showed which genes were foreign to the corn .
painter also caught an intriguing bit of conversation about the drought - resistant corn strains being developed by viatus , a version of which had been tested at the mali research farm .
painter recalled that the murdered princeton geneticist had believed the new genes inserted into the viatus corn samples were not of bacterial origin .
it all flows back to the genetic research done at viatus , specifically the testing of its drought - resistant corn .
` ` so i think it 's safe to conclude , '' painter finished , ` ` that the mysterious genes noted in the corn seeds by professor malloy at princeton were from that fungal source .
the corn was n't even meant for human consumption . ''
i wager some locals sneaked into the fields at night and stole an ear or two of corn for their families .
` ` viatus is already shipping their new drought - resistant corn seed , '' gorman said .
` ` the production fields for this new corn seed , '' painter asked .
throughout the u.s . corn belt - iowa , illinois , nebraska , indiana , michigan ... thousands and thousands of acres , in a patchwork across the midwest . ''
` ` and this is the same corn that they were testing in africa ? ''
` ` still , if the corn 's not meant for human consumption , '' monk said , ` ` maybe the danger can be contained . ''
wherever fields are planted with the viatus corn , it will spread from there . ''
but i sought you out because of your advocacy for biofuels , for turning crops like corn and sugarcane into fuel .
the amount of corn needed to produce enough ethanol to fill one suv tank could feed a starving person for a year .
if we could engineer it into the corn , we 'd be able to decrease its digestibility .
` ` in 2001 a biotech company called epicyte announced they 'd developed a corn seed engineered with a contraceptive agent .
all this blatant announcement got them was a huge amount of bad press , and the corn seed vanished .
` ` but your new gm corn was n't stable . ''
` ` she reported the mutations , that some of the camp refugees were becoming sick after consuming the corn .
he pictured corn , beans , and squash growing in the neighboring washes .
it seemed to grow taller the closer they got , supported by gold pillars adorned with sculpted sheaves of wheat and stalks of corn , all wrapped with flowering vines .
arrayed at the savior 's side were images of plenty : wheat , corn , goats , cows , and stars .
rice : 17 % flour : 6 % sugar : 11 % grain : 3 % iodized salt : 32 % corn : 0 % vitamin c : 55 % soybeans : 0 % powdered milk : 0 % malt : 4 % barley : 3 % yeast : 1 % the list continued on .
then he showed them the irrigated fields where a group of men and women toiled to raise corn and other crops .
he stole a blue corn chip from a basket on the table , jerking his hand away before rosa could swat it with a ladle .
` ` corn , seeds , nuts , fruit , insects ... you can find a lot of it in the wild .
instead , all they saw was a big field , lined with rows of corn .
the last part was the scramble up the blackened stones to the eyrie , no more than ten feet , and then the crows would come round to see if you 'd brought any corn .
crows circled the broken tower , waiting for corn .
it went back to eating corn .
` ` corn , '' it muttered in a raucous voice .
` ` corn , corn . ''
` ` corn , corn . ''
wheat and corn and barley grew high in its fields , and even in highgarden the pumpkins were no larger nor the fruit any sweeter than here .
` ` corn ! ''
` ` corn , '' the bird was screaming .
` ` corn , corn , corn , corn , corn , corn . ''
` ` corn , corn , corn , corn , corn , corn . ''
` ` corn , corn , corn , corn , corn , corn . ''
` ` corn , corn , corn , corn , corn , corn . ''
` ` corn , corn , corn , corn , corn , corn . ''
` ` corn , corn , corn , corn , corn , corn . ''
mormont 's raven was flapping overhead , screaming , ` ` corn , corn , corn , corn . ''
mormont 's raven was flapping overhead , screaming , ` ` corn , corn , corn , corn . ''
mormont 's raven was flapping overhead , screaming , ` ` corn , corn , corn , corn . ''
mormont 's raven was flapping overhead , screaming , ` ` corn , corn , corn , corn . ''
` ` corn , '' screamed the raven , ` ` corn , corn . ''
` ` corn , '' screamed the raven , ` ` corn , corn . ''
` ` corn , '' screamed the raven , ` ` corn , corn . ''
` ` corn , '' the raven was crying .
` ` lord mormont 's raven likes fruit and corn . ''
a moonsinger of the jogos nhai gifted me with her birthing songs , a woman of your own riding people taught me the magics of grass and corn and horse , and a maester from the sunset lands opened a body for me and showed me all the secrets that hide beneath the skin . ''
his raven was walking back and forth across his shoulders , muttering , ` ` corn , corn , corn . ''
his raven was walking back and forth across his shoulders , muttering , ` ` corn , corn , corn . ''
his raven was walking back and forth across his shoulders , muttering , ` ` corn , corn , corn . ''
` ` you get out of our field now , and take these sneaks and stabbers with you , or we 'll stake you up in the corn to scare the other crows away . ''
` ` corn , '' the raven suggested , bobbing .
they passed more fields , wheat and corn and barley ripening in the sun , but here there were no men sitting in trees , nor walking the rows with scythes .
his raven gave a single flap of his big wings , croaked ` ` corn , '' and ruffled his feathers up again .
the rest o ' your black crows can peck after their own corn . ''
` ` corn , '' it said .
` ` corn .
` ` corn , '' the raven cried .
mormont dug into a sack and offered his raven a handful of corn .
` ` corn , '' said mormont 's raven , with a flap of the wings .
` ` corn , corn , corn , corn , corn . ''
` ` corn , corn , corn , corn , corn . ''
` ` corn , corn , corn , corn , corn . ''
` ` corn , corn , corn , corn , corn . ''
` ` corn , corn , corn , corn , corn . ''
` ` no corn , '' said mormont feebly .
` ` no corn .
he has no corn . ''
jon remembered the old bear as last he 'd seen him , standing before his tent with his raven on his arm croaking for corn .
the road had been running mostly northwest , but now it turned due west between an apple orchard and a field of drowned corn beaten down by the rain .
together they moved to the north parapet , where the king 's tower looked down on the gate and donal noye 's makeshift wall of logs and barrels and sacks of corn .
the magnar was climbing up the barricade , over the gutted corn sacks and smashed barrels and the bodies of friends and foe alike .
lord commander mormont 's raven was on his shoulder , peering down as if it were reading too , but when the bird spied sam it spread its wings and flapped toward him crying , ` ` corn , corn ! ''
lord commander mormont 's raven was on his shoulder , peering down as if it were reading too , but when the bird spied sam it spread its wings and flapped toward him crying , ` ` corn , corn ! ''
the raven began to hunt out corn kernels amongst the rushes .
the eyrie 's granaries held sufficient oats and corn and barley to feed them for a year , but they depended on a bastard girl named mya stone to bring fresh foodstuffs up from the valley floor .
` ` corn , ` ` cried the raven .
` ` corn , corn . ` `
` ` corn , corn . ` `
sam yowled , the bird flapped off , corn scattered .
when he raised his fist and whistled , the big black bird came flapping down , crying , ` ` corn , corn , corn . ` `
when he raised his fist and whistled , the big black bird came flapping down , crying , ` ` corn , corn , corn . ` `
when he raised his fist and whistled , the big black bird came flapping down , crying , ` ` corn , corn , corn . ` `
` ` corn for the free folk , '' jon told him .
the land is too wet for wheat or corn . ''
i do not plan on planting wheat or corn .
he should have been content to grind corn .
` ` corn , ` ` screamed the raven from the lintel .
the raven flapped its wings and said , ` ` corn , corn , kill . ` `
the raven flapped its wings and said , ` ` corn , corn , kill . ` `
mormont 's raven greeted them with a shriek of ` ` corn ! ` `
` ` corn , ` ` it cried .
` ` corn , corn , corn . ` `
` ` corn , corn , corn . ` `
` ` corn , corn , corn . ` `
` ` corn , ` ` the bird said , and , ` ` king , ` ` and , ` ` snow , jon snow , jon snow . ` `
` ` corn ?
right now it 's mr turner who did n't hand over enough of his corn yield to ` ` the good use of the whole town '' , which just means he did n't give no free corn to mr prentiss and his men .
mr . collins stands in front of me , half in shadow , mr . collins who farmed corn and cauliflower and who tended the mayor 's horses and who stands over me now with a pistol in a holster , a rifle slung round his back and a fist rearing up to punch me again .
i swallow , my heart beating fast , my throat clenching shut , but i do n't take my eyes off the page , cuz there she is , there she is- the corn crop failed , son .
second year in a row , which is a bad blow , since the corn feeds ben and cillian 's sheep and ben and cillian 's sheep feed all of us- i can feel the low hum , feel the mayor behind me at the opening of my tent , putting his learning inside my head , sharing it with me- - and if that were n't bad enough , son , preacher aaron has started to blame the spackle , the shy little creachers who never look like they eat enough .
why has n't she gathered corn ?
after a while the puppy sniffed at the corn , then began to lick it .
glass took the old woman 's hand and gently wrapped it round the corn .
when he returned to the big lodge he found the blind old woman as he had left her , still sucking at the cob of corn .
` ` and we 're eating all this spoiled ice cream and corn dogs , and living at happy mouse kingdom ! ''
` ` that was n't corn .
it was near harvest time when we had moved and the acres and acres of fully - grown corn had spooked me after having seen that horror movie with the children and the corn .
it was near harvest time when we had moved and the acres and acres of fully - grown corn had spooked me after having seen that horror movie with the children and the corn .
then one night when we were teenagers , tommy and me were having a barn party with our friends and he had dared me to run into the corn .
he could ve been drunk when his car went into the ditch and started walking through the corn .
i lingered a minute , still gazing out across the seemingly endless rows of corn .
i took my first step into the corn stalks , the gentle breeze whisking across the tops .
i looked out toward the endless rows of corn .
i screamed as i tore through the corn stalks , each one slapping me wildly as i ran .
when i finally willed myself to action , i took off in an adrenaline - fueled sprint through the tall corn stalks .
iwe agreed that your current crop yield goes for purchasing a stream engine powered thresher machine for the corn , mccamy .
i secretively bartered some old corn huskers and wet grain for the precious commodity .
mccamy neck snaps his skull to the growing fertile crops of corn , wheat , soy beans then returns back her eyeballs upon tulu and stares lovingly into her eyes drawn by angels .
not the most appropriate tool for handling baskets of corn husks or tubs of grainbut theyfeel like they re permanently attached .
the soil produces some of the finest crop fields of cotton , indian corn , hay , vegetables , and unlimited flower floral vines , and grassy plants .
pocola , mccamy and rusks mama loves the outdoors , and rights beside her husband on the farm tractor plow , inside the hay barn , and toils the reddish sandy soil for growing crops of corn , cotton , and soybeans like a country princess .
growing up with corn stalks , cows patties , and cliff climbs , i love rappelling my bee_hind down 1,000 and more feet , seek and search for the dining room table - sized holes curved by mother nature within the hidden rock entrances alongside the birmingham cliffs or fall forever into the warm heated gulf of mexico waters filled with the deformed deadly dolphins or the dino - sized everything eating gators or the poisonous man - sized fish .
there s always something to do on a cow and corn farm .
andi do recall clearly that taffy gave hico those loose bouquet of purple bull thistles which were weeds from her daddys corn fields then the sharp prickles once replaced bleeds his hand to red .
i guess all farms here in south beach have about the same landscapes of yellow corn stalks , white cotton fields , and lots of black and white cowsover theregrazing quiet and mellow .
the hot sunrays musically pop the white grains of sand like corn popcorn on the oven stove top from the 112f heat .
two hundred plus years later , starbuck plantation successfully produces cotton , corn , potatoes , soybeans , and wheat from the fertile red clay soil , while the fresh water ponds stock catfish , bass , and trout .
my new goal is to stay and fight the growing poison invading my farm as long as i can then jump ship ( giggles ) jump on the outer space ship , if earthlings have to re - locate to another world , then they ll need cotton , corn , potatoes , wheat , soybeans.me .
dr . martin , i m responsible for 6,178 - acres of cows , cotton , and corn , spreading my arm towards a hilly green pasture and keep going .
then , viscount lad of tech must proceed with the royal marriage arrangement , he says as the citizens wildly hoot , whistle , and cheer like a group of scared black crows , fleeing the corn field .
surrounding the castle , i view miles of asymmetric rows of green fields , crops of wheat , corn , soybeans , and hay .
i flash past , mentally when i rode my horse named thunderfoot inside the open green fields on farm of 6,178 - acres of cotton , corn , and cows examining the weird - o gray flowers and black weeds along the ecosphere ... halt !
agri maintains its business of cotton , corn , and cows working with abots and business associates which is bossed by ambassador ty since rann got promoted to president of the nation as i smirk with a set of crooked lips , right remembering that ty likes me for me .
( yeah , i can count passed ten ) .citizens cheer that sounds like peep squeaks of mice hiding in the corn field from the hungry tomcat as i snort like a wild - ass boar .
my family member expires from physical sicknesses , clinical aliments , and life - taking diseases as my neighbors beat and fight for twelve ears of soggy rotten indian corn during the hard white snowy winters of tennessee .
the electric blue - painted tractor climbs up the medium hillside of maize ( corn ) stalks as we listen to country music and slide backwards into the chair then parks the tractor on top of the plateau .
i finally asked after we 'd crossed a field and were actually threading our way between green rows of corn that reached well above our heads and limited visibility to a few feet in any direction .
though we were screened by corn on every side , the little clearing was strewn with purple ironweed , goldenrod and other late wildflowers .
in a couple of months the corn would all be stubble , the harvest complete , but for now , this spot was as secluded as the heart of a forest .
still holding hands , we made our way back single file through the narrow rows of corn , then through the school to the waiting buses .
as long as he was touching me i could n't feel embarrassed , but when i got on the bus and saw all the stunned expressions , i felt myself flushingespecially when i realized i had bits of corn silk in my hair .
even with bits of dried corn detritus sprinkled in his dark hair , he looked as gorgeous as i 'd ever seen him .
` ` y'know , '' i murmured when i finally could , ` ` i ' m glad this stuff is seed corn instead of sweet corn . ''
` ` y'know , '' i murmured when i finally could , ` ` i ' m glad this stuff is seed corn instead of sweet corn . ''
` ` sweet corn would have been cut down by mid - august .
i made sure no one was on this side of the school before i stepped out of the corn , then did my best to brush all traces of the cornfield off of my clothes and hair before hurrying through the school to my bus .
the car was definitely going faster now , corn and soybean fields whipping past , a blur in the dark .
his headlights , right behind us , lit up the whole area around us , casting weird shadows from the corn stalks .
that lit a fire under my feet and a moment later we were all hurtling through the ten - foot - high stalks of corn , getting slapped and stung by leaves and covered with yellow corn litternot that anybody cared about that right now .
that lit a fire under my feet and a moment later we were all hurtling through the ten - foot - high stalks of corn , getting slapped and stung by leaves and covered with yellow corn litternot that anybody cared about that right now .
in fact , i suspected i looked more like a scarecrow than a princess , covered in corn debris .
then rigel 's parents , shim and their escorts emerged from the wall of corn and mundane thoughts about my appearance fled at their tense expressions .
for several agonizing moments we waited in silence , then my sharpened hearing picked up the sound of rustling in the corn , coming closer and closer .
several of morven 's followers also seemed to have retreated back into the corn .
but then i heard a weird whirring hum overhead and looked up to see a silvery orb about twice the size of a basketball skimming the tops of the corn stalksheading straight for us .
there was no way i could go to bri 's house covered in dirt , straw and corn shuckings , and my only change of clothes was my homecoming dress .
you can figure out that certain shapes mean crackers , for instance , and others mean , i do nt know , like corn or something .
first we are going to plant a good crop of corn in these outdoor garden beds .
so half of you take your garden forks out of the shed just there and ill grab the corn kernels we are going to plant .
the rest of you grab a little sack of corn kernels and once the ground is churned with the fork , you will need to start placing these kernels , one at a time , into the ground .
the students proceeded with the planting of the corn kernels .
jayden was planting the corn while aaron was doing the digging .
all was going well and the corn was being planted at a quick pace for such a large garden , while the students talked quietly among themselves .
the rest of the students continued to plant the corn while charlie and damian fixed the hole .
there are crops nearby , corn mostly , also tomatoes and sunflowers , cucumbers and snap peas and peppers .
it is not time for corn to be ripe , but i am hungry enough to steal a few budding ears and tear at the hard kernels with my teeth .
the jagged stumps of corn stalks and hardened clumps of earth keep tripping me up .
* * * after the corn field , lila leads me through a neighborhood that makes me wary of psychotic pet dogs .
this is the sort of neighborhood with corn stalks on their porch posts , pumpkins carved into jack olanterns .
blazing suns , green and blue planets , clouds , what might be rain , what might be corn , what might be people .
its produced by the kind of people who would normally be out at night creating corn circles .
* chapter 34 they made their way along paths that either meandered alongside the fields or cut straight through the rows of corn and rape .
galilee green was in the midst of the swaying corn .
just as i think well miss that field of corn when they harvest it and it never returns .
the harvester had gone back to carving its dark track through the golden waves of corn .
dressed in bib overalls and a ball cap advertising seed corn , mr . johnson waved at toby and lyssa as sam barked at them .
gravel hit the side of his truck as the scene in front of them went from corn field to bean field then back again .
suddenly , a low growl came from beside them in the ripened corn field .
the wind blew gently just making the dried up corn stalks shiver against one another like bones on a skeleton .
the creature jolted back into the corn field with craig and toby securely clenched under the creatures massive arms .
he could feel the corn stalks brush against him until they exited into a wooded area thick with trees .
kat asked while she stuffed a corn dog in her mouth .
the corn dogs at school only tasted good when they were drowning in the stuff .
it was the color of raw corn ; pale yellow silk .
i hang out with my cousins , work in my grandma 's garden , take daisy , the horse , for a ride , and shuck corn until i never want to see another ear on wednesday , we call southern and schedule an appointment for friday .
how bout you take this corn and go put it out near the fence line ?
sure , they were bombastic and pale as corn silk , but they were nt fat .
they had stands set up all in a row filled with all kinds of fair foods ; like grilled corn on the cob , polish sausages topped with grilled peppers and onions , pulled pork barbecue , along with foods i did nt recognize .
agri maintains cotton , corn , and cows supplying food and raw goods to the citizens while working with abots , and business associates .
i thought of mother nature being a farm girl , since i was raised on a plantation with cotton , cows , and corn .
fifteen minutes between patrols seems like a long time , but given how much open space there is between the barn and the corn field , their window of opportunity is actually quite small .
together they run , darting for the corn .
chapter three she 'd hoped to at least get to the edge of the corn before they were seen .
she does n't know the corn fields that well - it makes her nervous , not to follow the original path .
and suddenly there is no more corn , just grass .
they ' ve made it out of the fields , but she can tell by the sound of the engines that they 're going around the corn .
the first of the headlights pops out from behind the far edge of the corn field .
in this part of the country , the only thing that changes is the crop - corn , wheat , soy , and there 's an occasional herd of cattle that can be seen from the road .
the barren , frosted , corn stubble fields were encased in a sickening greenish light .
and if a stalk of corn is n't producing you cut it down and throw it in the thresher .
the smell of cotton candy and corn dogs filters through the half - open windows .
not sexy husky , like in a cologne ad , but corn husk husky ; dry and papery and thin .
i roll my eyes , which is nt smart because i ve heard that some zombies get stuck that way and , well , its bad enough shuffling around with grayish - green skin and corn pops yellow teeth without your eyes pointing in different directions like some cartoon character who s just been bonked on the head with a rubber mallet .
first and foremost , rennie said , staring off into the passing corn fields , you never ride a train all the way into the station .
were going to a corn maze .
a corn maze ?
when we arrived at the corn maze , the night air threatened to seep through our coats .
ever been through the corn maze when its haunted ?
he hesitated with his response , scratching the back of his head as he glanced down the row of corn where austin and tara had disappeared .
directionless , we meandered through the corn maze .
remembering my fall at the corn maze , i tried to avoid him by finding someoneanyoneto talk to , but everyone around me was already preoccupied in conversation or fiddling with their lockers .
i dropped my eyes , blushing at the memory of totally eating it at the corn maze .
then peters father , maxwell , showed up and roared at them until they d slunk out of the damaged corn like scolded puppies .
he means , said oz , that corn is tall .
there , in a swath of corn , was a series of curved lines , sketching the shape of a bird - and in the distance , other familiar shapes .
they fell into comfortable speechlessness , just listening to corn as they rubbed past it .
then she heard devon say , whoa , and the corn started to give way .
just as she was about to lose all hope , she heard her name shouted through the corn .
but before she could bring herself to move , he turned back around and his trio disappeared into the corn .
then i saw yer face when the corn grabbed ye , and i realised ye had no idea what to do .
dean , his uncle said to him one day during a break while they were working on the corn picker , well be using this machine in a couple of months .
the cornfield is a lonely place at night , thought guts as he plodded over the stubble of newly cut corn stalks .
from the forest they emerged , once carried by the wind and now propelled by nothing but the march , they pushed through golden savannah and meadows of blue , across plains of grass with scattered trees , and a corn field , with corn oddly shaped like ears , before finally , and unnervingly , descending into darkness .
from the forest they emerged , once carried by the wind and now propelled by nothing but the march , they pushed through golden savannah and meadows of blue , across plains of grass with scattered trees , and a corn field , with corn oddly shaped like ears , before finally , and unnervingly , descending into darkness .
oh look , rod said , a corn field .
he laughed at the ear shaped corn all around them .
the five companions moved quietly from the shadows of the corn stalks to the shadows of the hill , all the while blending in with as many other shadows as they could find along the way .
when the moment passed , and they had said their goodbyes , grarrt disappeared back into the hole and our company of heroes disappeared back into the corn stalks .
ah ... . corn stalks in the moonlight ... .
by this time they had reached the edge of the corn stalks and once again found themselves entering the grassy field with scattered trees .
a chill wind blew up from the field and a spiral of dead leaves danced in front of them before disappearing over their heads and into the corn stalks .
if it snowed in august it would spoil the corn and the oats and the wheat ; and then uncle henry would nt have any crops ; and that would make him poor ; and -- never mind , said the shaggy man .
she willed the moon to show its face or the stars to illuminate the corn fields , anything that she could focus her eyes on to get her bearings .
ella could see the corn waving as she passed and the squash vines poking out through the slats of the picket fences , refusing to conform to the boundaries of the garden .
she walked back over to the woman at the cart who looked up from the corn she was husking and smiled , yes , missus .
the women stood up , brushing flaxen hairs of corn off her skirt .
huge bougainvillea bushes now bordered it on both sides , the heavy green branches with tissue paper flowers in fuschia and tangerine had completely eclipsed the corn fields .
suddenly , a golden rosy light flooded her vision and the girl sat before her , in a field of tall yellow corn .
i sat in the rows of corn and tried so hard to be quiet , to listen for ma , i knew she could find me if i could just be quiet and listen like she told me , she looked at ella , her chin trembling and her cheeks wet , i tried , i really did .
a couple strolling hand in hand down a long deserted country road toward her daddys farm house , corn fields on either side of them , quiet , except for the crickets , a blanket of stars spread against a black canvas which only a night outside the city can provide .
bloom took a deep breath , taking in the scents of a hot summer , the corn , the dirt , even the fertilizer , the way country boys do .
odelia could flat out run , in fact , she was known around their small town for being a good runner but the shoes shed worn to the dance earlier were holding her back so she stopped and kicked them off , scooped them up , pushed them into her purse , and then left the road for the high stalks of corn .
he kept his eye on the area of the corn field where she entered and made his way into the field after her , following the path of broken stalks .
he charged the apparition in the corn .
slowly the three of them rose above the corn stalks .
maybe well just bury your body out there in the corn fields somewhere , too , said the thinner cop .
i started to flick channels mindlessly ; a house was being made - over in an hour by a squad of colour co - coordinated ' workmen ' ; flick ; a slow motion shark tossed a seal up in the air before swallowing it in a single merciless bite ; flick ; the burnt out shell of a bus ; flick ; a skinny white rapper standing in a corn field with a windmill turning behind him ; flick ; the scottish space agency shuttle rob roy v was descending through the clouds .
she remembered her conversation with mr . corn or rather matthew lockhart , her dad , yesterday which seemed so real .
these are corn .
abby , you put the corn on the right .
the fairgrounds share land with the county rodeo , so the air reeks of horse poop and hay bales mixed with the scent of kettle corn and sausages on a stick .
they ate apples , corn , and other fruits and vegetables they found from trees or farmers crops along the way .
his diet had always been basically the same with apples , corn , and occasional meat .
they 're dry , and softer than a corn shuck mattress , though , it 's true , they 're not so soft , cause of their shape , as to make going barefoot through them easy .
it was so thick , it almost had a husk to it , like a rattlesnake sliding over corn shucks .
the sloping landscapes of corn , wheat and pine trees were beautiful but also filled mary elizabeth with a strong sense of unease .
there is an entire family of rabbits hiding and feeding off the stale corn mill .
the corn grows a few feet over her head , and after a few minutes of walking she discovers that she is standing in the middle of the crops with no exit to be found .
she had hair the color of honey , smooth as corn silk , falling like a sheet of pliable metal around her shoulders , and her form seemed waif - like except for her substantial breasts , showing at the top of her dress with just a hint of scandal .
reflected in the late afternoon sun , he saw a glint of gold : hair the color of honey , smooth as corn silk .
there were about half a dozen all depicting benign environments such as fields of ripened corn , country villages lined with quaint , thatched cottages and grand , sweeping vistas of glacier - carved valleys .
we were surrounded on every side by corn and bean fields .
a cold shiver ran over my body and giving up completely i pulled out my bright red nebraska corn huskers sweatshirt and threw it on over my tank top .
snow covered corn fields , and patches of dense pine trees blurred in the peripheral as i raced the jeep through the postcard countryside .
the only kiss i get is when mamas pecks my right cheekbonealways my right cheekbone for the start of school day and daddy gently kisses my forehead when he comes home out of the corn field after school .
i gots the farm hands pulling the pork meat from the roasted pigs along with them boiling the corn - on - the - cob while the women folk made the potato salad and some of the younger males are trying their first task at baking beans which is real easy ( chuckles ) the ponies are eating .
i wonder why ( pauses ) the actworths lands excellent property for more cows or corn , do nt ya think , daddy ?
tomorrow , risa , your mama and ill raise at four - thirty in the morning leaving out from the farm with our load of cows and corn to the farmers market coop .
but , instead as usually you plowed the field without removing the rotten corn tusks , now , you have stirred up the wasp nest slithering around just like a serpent behind our backs under the noses of the teacher and least not forget within the eyeballs of your classmates at school , giggling with a girly twang .
a valley of green meadows , yellow rows of corn , blue semi - round lakes of water , white horizontal rows of cotton , black dots of horses , white dots of cows then hundreds , a sinlge gray beam with brown freckles .
i came by the house and you were with the calves , the cows , the cotton , and the corn , cinta , winking at her then giggle .
you and i have answered all the questions for our homework assignment in the middle of a freaking corn field .
i make for the corn belt , near the center of the gardens , where i 'd been working lately .
the corn around me is ready for harvest .
i chop the stalks just below the golden ears of corn and gently guide them to the black tilled soil for rex to pick them up later .
there is a tiny lens at the head of the machine , what you might call an eye , and i watch as it moves about now , looking back and forth between myself and the corn .
i look over into the next row of corn to see the plump form of rayanne nedaris coming toward me .
with that , the plump girl stalks away into the corn , green leaves rustling reddish - blonde hair cut in the same fashion as mine .
` ` whatever , '' i reply to myself , gripping my machete and , with fresh coffee coursing through my veins like wildfire , start hacking at the corn as if i am fighting it for my life .
except there was no corn in sight .
probably by the old barn where the town used to keep the corn stalked in the winter .
her hair , the color of freshly fallen snow and as fine as corn silk , drifted about her knees .
that is , the sugar came from either sugarcane or corn , both of which are plants .
i was learning about how to grow frijoles alongside the corn and i think i must have turned to you and said , is nt this something ?
that was nt corn .
* * * the second time i saw liam he was working in a field , picking corn with some hired hands .
i noticed you were picking corn .
we d buy dinner at the small snack bar at the back of the parking lot , stocking up on corn fritters and beer salt and these corn tortilla sandwiches filled with meat and cabbage and pimiento cheese .
her corn was getting tall , the tomato plants were showing signs of yielding nice ripe tomatoes and her other vegetables looked good as well .
with arans help , she managed to can a lot of tomatoes , harvest corn and pick a bunch of peas .
i would never be a corn - fed country boy , whatever that meant .
i ate corn all the time so i m not sure what qualifies someone as corn - fed .
i ate corn all the time so i m not sure what qualifies someone as corn - fed .
the smallest one chugged away at a corn pipe .
the speculation was that corn would be best but they were n't sure if the soil was deep enough .
they sat on benches at the end of main street , taking in the atmosphere and watching ana feed bits of the bread from her corn dog to a family of ducks on the grass nearby .
steve was eating a corn dog and checking his cell phone with his other hand .
i have 3,000 acres of cotton , cows and corn that i care for on a plantation with grass , soil , and streams he chuckles , standing then assist me from the chair .
jamie cried and ran off down the street towards the london book shop on corn hill .
they followed dr . church down marlborough street , as he headed for corn hill , walking fast with his shoulders hunched and head down .
he had also said hopgrasser for grasshopper , and cob on the corn .
' since i have to , ' i would say the smell was similar to the combination of vanilla , wet dog , cheetos , ramen noodles , sour cream , burnt corn dogs , and human feces .
from there , we 'd cross a large section of open territory in the shadows of the reactors that was planted for hemp or corn .
as they walked , they crossed a shallow irrigation channel to fields lined with corn and approached a series of ramshackle abodes .
with their task complete , justin enjoyed a welcome gulp of water in the tall shafts of corn at the edge of their handiwork .
boys like asael boys of any age , for that matter would be like butter on hot corn when she was around !
morrows eyes scurried once down and back up bridies body , like a pair of greedy mice , dancing up a corn stalk .
but there he was , up , dressed , tapping me on the shoulder , thrusting a bowl of corn flakes at me .
it smelled surprisingly clean , like the turkey farm when they got fresh hay , or when corn was freshly spread .
he inched his nose into the air and waited for the smell of the farm to appear from the distance , as if some unfelt wind , whose current ran slow but unnoticed , could lift the scent of turkey shit , muddy feathers , hay and corn from miles away .
through the seasons corn , beans , cucumbers and melons grew large and vigorous under his care .
hybridizing corn will wait .
she drives past corn husks , abandoned barns , shanty houses and sheds spotting the landscape ; brown fields , a small girl and boy , barefoot , clad in bathing suits , standing idly on the side of the road , holding sticks , muddied knees and feetpipe a song about a lamb so i piped with merry cheerpiper , pipe that song againso i piped : he wept to hear .
life settles like dust on the husks of corn after a storm .
seconds later , she hears it -- the sound of gravel crunching , dust swirling , a swish of air that could be a breeze or a shifting of corn husks or wheat in a field .
we need to find a crop that is compatible with our current equipment like corn or wheat and maybe even think about planting early wheat and late soybeans and use some of the no till methods that i have been reading about .
passing through countryside which was dotted in coconut palms and small fields of rice and corn , stands of bananas , papaya and possibly peanuts or whatever plant that choose that place to put its feet into , knowing it would grow and yield .
their journey took the small group past small islands of mud raised to cultivate rows of tomatoes and corn for daily harvesting and transport to yangon .
he walking across fields of corn and watermelons , or chickpeas or peanuts , or trying to clamber through the thorny shrubs and weeds and along broken edges to the fields which may once have been fenced by stone , along tracks and over puddles .
leaving those two temples and pedalling his bicycle further onto the bagan plain as the sun rose higher in the sky , wil noticed a couple of large temples from a distance and isolated by fields of corn , melons and peanuts .
they had no experience raising cotton , as most farmers did in the midsouth , but instead became the only farmstead thereabouts to put in field corn .
the crop required tender loving care in the thick clay , and after several seasons of plowing under corn stover for mulch , the land began to produce a bounty .
instead , he was swallowed up by an incredible pile of dry corn cobs , letting loose a choking blast of dust and debris .
or things like a grand building made of nothing but corn cobs , he thought .
straight and solid walls made the uniform corn cobs a perfect construction material .
there s that boy again , said a tall one , looking like a corn stalk himself .
he s still thinkin a corn cob is a brick .
hate to see him at supper , replied another , chewin on a brick stead of a corn cob .
you re some kind of corn clown , said a short , stubby one .
he tried to devise an animal trap in his mind , but could nt think beyond making one out of corn cobs .
the man rolled in the pile of corn cobs like a bath , lost in hilarity , as the other picked up a few and stuffed them into his pockets .
sherie turned bright red , not realizing that what nobody on stage could see was billy canbergs goat nibbling on mary wilkinsons sweet corn .
in every direction he looked , corn fields stretched out , offering an endless treasure of hideaways , imaginations and adventures .
he had hunted the dreaded field elephant as it mowed down the corn in its wrath , only barely able to peek over the stalks at their full height .
in the distance , far beyond the corn , the california zephyr called to him .
he found that there were strawberry jamborees and blues festivals , and he learned he could fight pirates and fly to the moon just as well from softly rolling hills as from a corn field .
in that life , adam had played bass guitar in a band with allans younger brother , and he had attended allans wedding at his parents corn farm three hours south of minneapolis .
what i saw at corn creek confirmed what i think has happened , paul started .
parking at the same corn creek campground where paul had confirmed that the pulse had taken place , he called salmon river lodge on the opposite side of the river .
he flicked a corn flake off his shirt .
after a moment , he said , ail corn , can roil , carol in , coral in , clarion clarion deep and wide , or something similar , tad said .
lynn boston raised on an iowa farm , bob frank spent his summer afternoons in corn fields daydreaming of adventures in faraway lands .
i settled into the old , vinyl upholstered kitchen chair , and dug in to the bowl of chowder and fresh corn bread .
and corn bread .
the corn bread broke into crumbs , which fell in her chowder and stuck on her chin while she practically vacuumed chowder into her mouth .
the corn flakes and fruit loops were stored in large clear plastic bins .
she passed big farmhouses and gigantic barns , rolling fields of young corn and wheat , ripening orchards , plump cattle and shiny horses .
foot high corn grew just beyond the fence .
< > < > < > it was early october , so the corn was almost at its tallest .
stalks as high as eleven to twelve feet cradled several ears of yellow corn , each protected by silk - like threads and encased in its own husk .
in the distance , the schnauzer turned into the field , darting down a row of corn .
she kept walking , the long leaves of the stalks of corn whipping and scratching at her arms .
except for the occasional moo of a cow in a nearby field or the breeze that rustled the corn plants , it was quiet .
she reached the fifteenth row of corn , turned and made her move .
doing some slow side steps , she chose wider spaces between corn plants until she was standing in his row .
could have been a corn poacher .
frankie crept slowly through the corn row , consistently looking in each direction to see if she had company again tonight .
frankie was digging in her backpack to find them when a very large man dropped down in the corn row next to her and soundly popped her on the butt .
its so dry you ca nt grow corn or hay or anything .
after which the feast begins with venison roast , corn , string beans , sweet potatoes , mexican breads , and a big turkey too .
diggs was convinced i d spent my formative years with a lecherous preacher and a bunch of deranged minions , but my memories were closer to little house on the prairie than children of the corn .
a man with corn silk hair offered me a rose .
after a three - second stare down , she turned and pecked at a non - existent corn kernel on the floor .
the guy looked like a typical corn - fed southern boy in his mid - thirties , lean and tanned , blond hair bleached from years of sun combed smartly over green eyes .
maeve watched the stalks of corn wiz by under the bronze late - afternoon sky .
there was nt any corn around , but the lighting and field looked the same .
dead corn fields adorn the front of the flat lands of building .
while lying on his back , staring past the large , tasseled ears of corn , he watched stars fill the night sky .
now the corn was high , crisp , and it cracked as they knocked it down .
cows do n't dream , and corn grows without thought at all .
but people dream , and we weave the cows and the corn into our dreams whether they like it or not .
the hall murmured with the fizz of champagne , the clink of silver knives and forks as people ate succulent steaks , cakes of corn bread , fresh salad , and a selection of pies ; apple pie , cherry pie , blueberry pie , all served with a side of delicious vanilla ice cream .
* * * * nameless andrew looked at the receding image of the island , which seemed as a simple blotted sand corn from the distance surrounded by water .
corn and wheat fields variegated the forests , more and more small villages mottled the vicinity of the highway .
this place is like children of the corn , i ca nt stand it anymore !
you would nt like it , there s a lot of corn everywhere .
the hissing sound of the reaction faded away irregularly , like the final few pops of popping corn kernels .
he looked around at the shoulder - high growth of corn on one side of the road , and the field of waist - high weeds on the other .
glancing around and seeing nothing but corn and weeds , detective sam waters said , this is the fifth time we ve stopped and the third time on this particular road , adam .
they put the cow in a stable in the barn and fed her corn from the crib that was built into one end of the barn .
the chickens continued to provide eggs and the twins shelled corn to feed them , too .
after putting out some corn harry headed to the back of his pasture where his cows usually got out .
not always but sometimes bob would come out and pick corn with them .
on one side , next to the residential houses near lake road , corn is grown .
lots of corn , enough to feed his cattle .
let 's face it , if the cattle were kept on the side that the corn is currently grown on greg would have many a lawsuit on his hands .
the team took quick note of the dead worms all over the soil ; thousands of little dead bodies spread across the farm , under bushels of corn , next to potato tubules , and around strawberry plants .
mark cuts a bushel of corn with a large pair of garden scissors and puts it into a seal - able plastic wrap .
turning over a kernel of corn and putting it in mikes hand , laurie continues , no leaf blight , corn rust , stalk rot , or any bacterial disease that i see .
turning over a kernel of corn and putting it in mikes hand , laurie continues , no leaf blight , corn rust , stalk rot , or any bacterial disease that i see .
this bacterial - corn dna recombination is used in any seed that needs to be glyphosate resistant .
ohio , being an important source of wheat , corn , and other grain crops , was not a producer of tropical fruits or vegetable crops .
guys go down to miami from the midwest on business trips , they realize how shitty and unfulfilling their lives are up there in the land of corn and homely women .
none of them had eaten more than a little dried fruit and some corn snacks , passed out hand to hand .
laid out on the table were hard , corn tortillas as well as soft , flour tortillas .
on it , a tall cup of iced water , a circular plate of dips and a small , wooden bowl filled with corn chips .
he settles the cacti decorated plate of dips and the wooden bowl full of corn chips directly in front of oconnell .
oconnell leans in and picks up a corn chip from the wooden bowl in front of him , carefully dipping it into the salsa .
he covers his mouth quickly with his other hand and coughs rapidly , shards of corn fly out into his palm instant relief .
his eyes fill with disgust observing faint bits of mould speckled on every single corn chip and a nice colony growing in the centre of the guacamole .
behind the house and barn was a large corn field and rows of peach trees .
yes , as in corn flakes .
in an adjoining field a reaping machine was cutting a swath through the ripe wheat , and neatly stacked corn sheaths covered half the field .
home was a small town about a hundred miles southwest of chicago , smack dab in the middle of corn country , as amys father was apt to say .
tall and skinny with a tuft of blond hair sprouting from the top of his head , the only thing differentiating him from a corn stalk was the black framed glasses that repeatedly slipped down his narrow nose .
the car sped by quiet barnyards and empty fields , the frozen stubs of corn stalks waiting out the long spring .
the other three seemed to know what to do without direction , so eddie simply pitched in and helped collect the ears that missed the hopper as they pulled the two - row corn picker behind the tractor .
they worked out that it was coming by train , and the three of them were needed to load and move the new corn planter .
` ` well , we have to pick up a corn planter and go back to mr . marsh 's farm . ''
thousands of dead soldiers , husbands , and sons reclined in mock innocence beneath the land that robert e. lee once owned , an estate that went from agricultural pursuits to the resignation of fates that far outweighed a leaf of corn waving in general lees fine southern farm field just south of washingtons corrupt square of land .
my radio flyer wagon wo nt hold one of these fat los angeles sluts with their huge gmo corn hips and their corn syrup legs with those ugly as hell swollen ankles .
they drove in silence past barren corn fields , a range of mountains to their left .
the field the tent had been erected in was freshly - cut corn that glowed yellow in the moonlight , adding to the effect .
otherwise the camaro would have bucked and rolled , tumbling through the shin - high corn and strewing vital organs and steaming spare parts across the stubbled fields .
they whisper the legends around the pot - bellied stove at the general store , they pray for protection from him in their little white churches , they think about him as they gather hay , harvest corn , and work their gardens .
the car sped along the road past mile after flat mile of empty fields , of burned - out corn fields , past deserted farms , through villages that seemed uninhabited .
the road was narrow and seemingly endless as it sliced through corn fields eye - high .
she broke into a run , darting into the corn field .
as we approach mid - july , this corn field behind me should be over five feet tall .
looking at the images on the transnet , they could see the corn leaves looked just like the images professor winston showed them yesterday .
the same reason man harvests the corn , said hank without any emotion as he walked back into the cabin .
most of the provisions they took from toprak in montana consisted of a wide assortment of aposeptic meat and corn flourboth of which were very heavy and was therefore left behind by so many of the toprak army having to walk back to vancouver .
sometimes we set corn to popping , or ma would sing or make up some ditty to amuse us .
four of them are chatting incessantly , albeit in mostly subdued tones , thank god for that , but the tall tanned blonde with a dreadful shade of purple lipstick , her hair done up in - what do they call those , corn rows ?
in one fluid motion steve lurches from the wall to the bars , jams the remaining 3/4 of the pencil with all his might into the guard 's windpipe , as he yanks the officer 's right arm through the bars , grabs the keys , bends it back with such force the bones crunch like a cob of corn being snapped in half .
a few miles west of town and down a long dirt lane bordered on both sides by early spring corn , into a sparse strand of trees on the other side of which lies this sprawling farmhouse .
as he s loading the top rack of this easily eight by four foot grill up with ears of corn , tom explains their method of recruiting .
while roger mostly spends his afternoons sitting on their cement front stoop , drinking beer and staring at absolutely nothing but the remains of corn fields across the street , having loaded up the twenty disc changer with the days mixtape of music , she ties her hair off into shoulder length pigtails and dug away on her hands and knees .
a normal movie theater , donna says , and she is wringing her hands , staring out the side window at a rare lengthy corn field , positioned beneath a menacing metallic sky , as they travel between towns , but it was like , this situation where i m at the concession stand , and there are six different registers or whatever , but only one of thems open , and there s no real actual line , just this hodgepodge of people standing in wait .
it was as if she were two people , a trained classical singer in the corn - fed body of a country girl .
that need was announced by the tart cool air overlaid with smothery heat , by the dust she could see through her window chasing a mule - drawn wagonload of dry ear corn .
there were certain ingrained behaviors in negroes ; negro girls knew too much , were hot - blooded , and would ruin a white child like a sandspur seed in a corn patch .
` ` you look like a man 's got some colored in you , how come you do n't burn up out in the corn field walking behind that mule . ''
again he pulled out his hand , bringing with it a tangle of straight blond hair like corn silks .
set off from the kitchen was a pantry with shelves of jarred pears , peaches , blackberries , tomatoes , okra , corn , squash , peas and beans , colors muted by the blue glass of mason jars .
but the women 's world under the pastel dome smelled of parched sagey weeds and corn dust , with maybe a hint of melon , split citron , and dwindling tree sap .
the miller , a tall wiry man with a black beard , in indigo overalls , was walking the barrel of corn off the wagon when priss climbed up out of the pooling black water of the dam .
the miller spoke loud over the racket as he scooped the dry corn from the barrel into the funnel above the grinders .
then the rattling of the corn in the funnel , sifting bits of corncob and trash , and the corn shaking down into the interlacing notches of the twin stones , one stationery and the other pitching up and grinding its way down , coarse ground grits pouring into the wood hopper below .
then the rattling of the corn in the funnel , sifting bits of corncob and trash , and the corn shaking down into the interlacing notches of the twin stones , one stationery and the other pitching up and grinding its way down , coarse ground grits pouring into the wood hopper below .
she was inside when the miller scooped the ground corn from the hopper into the funnel again , having adjusted the gauge from coarse to fine for the cornmeal .
cows are dumb by nature , nate shirley said , any cow might do that , looking for an ear of corn or looking just to be looking ( what he really said was , bovine nature is to respond to stimuli , be it racket or rations ) .
the firelight from a corn crib burning next row over , across the back fence , set off jean 's porch like daylight , sundown light .
tommy lay there on her side , as she had landed , like the corn stalks in autumn dried into blowing poses , like in the game of sling the biscuits she and merry gay used to play .
soon to be cozy after all chores were done , after the women had put up tomatoes , peas , peaches and pears for the winter , fodder , hay and corn set aside for the cattle , hogs and chickens , cords and cords of firewood cut that seemed like enough to last for months but would last all of one .
in a patch where the depot once stood no grass or weeds will grow , but one mimosa with fuzzy pink blooms thrives like corn .
from the eight eyes sitting on my chest and the ache in the pit of my stomach , i surmised i was father corn in this steamer .
a few repairs and they d be perfect for storage of the fescue or corn he would plant in the meadow next spring .
someone had stored the corn in there recently , he thought as he untied the reins .
driving past hundreds of acres of corn reminded alex of the story she had written about the fda 's approval of blending corn crops containing higher levels of aflatoxin with crops of lower levels to end up with product that met the 20 ppb guidelines for livestock food .
driving past hundreds of acres of corn reminded alex of the story she had written about the fda 's approval of blending corn crops containing higher levels of aflatoxin with crops of lower levels to end up with product that met the 20 ppb guidelines for livestock food .
blending the crops saved the farmers from losses on the corn that did n't meet the guidelines .
however , history has shown that greed often corrupts businesses , governments and individuals , and how long would it be before someone fudged the records and began feeding cattle corn with the higher levels of aflatoxin ?
technophobes against gmo products in cafeterias are screaming about frankenfoods and showing cartoon pictures of deformed corn cobs .
after about 20 minutes , they turn east onto an unpaved road that winds through the corn fields .
time : 4:20 pm from a distance , the lone yellow and red railroad locomotive seems to float across the prairie , past farm houses , brown tilled spring fields , silos , windmills and a few tractors planting for a corn crop that will be a 10 foot deep sea of green in three months .
at once lankin shoved her through the fence and into the ripe corn .
when at last the tractor moved off and disappeared in another hollow , lankin began to wade through the corn away from the lane .
for a long time they hauled uphill through the corn .
the breeze flicked the greasy hair from his deformed scalp , scarecrow of a man pivoting through the corn on his withered poles .
by the time she reached the crest of the hill , another valley below her , the endless plain of corn stretching out into the evening mist , she knew that lankin was lost .
his path began to wander erratically through the corn as if he was trying to locate something he d mislaid .
she landed heavily in the corn , twisted on her left arm so that another jolt of pain raced through her .
lankin ripped open her bag and began to examine the contents , flinging them away into the corn as he dismissed them one by one .
if the police came looking for her , if they searched the camp , combed the landfill site , they would never find the things from her bag in the corn .
she wondered whether she could crawl all night in the corn and find the things he d thrown away .
wolves , hurrying through hidden tunnels in the corn , brought out of hiding by the frenzy of moonlight .
there was no way she could find anything in all this expanse of corn .
he would nt be eating any corn on the cob tonight .
by great good fortune i had dropped into a corn field which had broken my fall , but the long corn now made progress rather difficult and to my anxious ears the swish of the grass past my legs seemed loud enough to rouse the whole countryside .
by great good fortune i had dropped into a corn field which had broken my fall , but the long corn now made progress rather difficult and to my anxious ears the swish of the grass past my legs seemed loud enough to rouse the whole countryside .
i walked on through the fields , knee deep in standing corn , crossing ditches and hedges until i reached the slope and started to ascend it and was soon amongst the trees .
there were fields of corn and orchards with white farms dotted here and there , and over on the right above some trees i could see the tall spire of a village church standing upright in the golden morning light .
they shot and killed all them bloody killing murderous outlaws that roamed the bread wheat plains , yellow corn fields , and buffalo pastures which welcomed in both safety and stability to them growing villages of true blooded americans like me and you , congressman .
a white dinner plate held green peas , red beets , corn , and what looked like a chicken breast smashed with a branding iron .
sirens screamed , red lights flashed , and at the orchard they found coors and coke bottles , corn - nut bags , sunflower seed hulls , cigarette butts and wet spots among the trees .
after a moment , we landed on a sandy road between the vast fields of corn .
the fall dcor exhibited now consisted of an assortment of stunning colors in the form of leaves and gourds scattered about tables adorned with cornucopias , filled to the brim with indian corn and pinecones .
farmers harvest crops of corn and wheat , but then they replant more seeds in order to replenish the fields .
mechanically he added the corn meal .
i rolled a cigarette and ordered beer and a corn beef sandwich .
i started going through the kitchen drawers , pulling out anything sharp , knives , a potato peeler , prongs for corn on the cob , thumb tacks .
if it were daylight , you could see the forests around here are set in rows , like a corn crop or something .
the corn dogs sat like rocks in her stomach .
indian tomatoes , vidalia onions , red - skin potatoes , green and red bell peppers , ears of corn .
they did not eat butter beans , snap beans , squash , eggplant , or turnips , but preferred tomatoes , onions , potatoes , peppers , and corn .
both jaws were ballooned with what appeared to be corn bread .
` ` the tomatoes and corn are especially good this year , '' my mother was saying .
dinner was potatoes , sliced thin and fried , boiled okra , corn on the cob , and hot corn bread - but no meats because it was almost fall , and because we 'd had a roast the day before .
gran hovered near the stove , checking the corn bread , stirring the potatoes , okra , and corn .
` ` a painted house '' ` ` look at the corn , would you ?
everything was hot again : the wooden planks of the truck bed , its rusted and unpainted frame , even the corn and potatoes and tomatoes my mother had just washed .
under the strict supervision of my mother , i began picking tomatoes , cucumbers , peas , butter beans , corn - almost everything in the garden .
i could smell popcorn and corn dogs and something frying in grease .
the tables were soon covered with large bowls of vegetables , platters heaped with fried chicken , and baskets filled with corn bread , rolls , and other breads .
we washed the corn , cucumbers , tomatoes , okra , and greens in the kitchen sink , then she carefully arranged it all in a cardboard box .
on saturday mornings when his friends were watching cartoons , he was at the flea markets at the courthouse selling roasted peanuts and corn dogs .
probably some corn and soybean trading .
he could picture the corn traders a hundred years ago walking up the hill from the river wharf and staying the night .
yanni told tv stories , about people she had known , about things she had seen , about governors ' girlfriends , politicians ' wives ' lovers , rigged ballots , crooked unions , about acres of marijuana growing behind circular screens of tall corn on the edges of indiana fields .
wait till you go to ` ` aunt milly 's place '' and see them all in droves mumbling over their corn - beef hash and cheeseburgers , trying to keep alive till ninety .
as bond swung the bentley through the crowded streets of maidstone he reflected that vallance 's gift had come from twenty years of avoiding the corns of mi5 , of working in with the uniformed branch of the police , and of handling ignorant politicians and affronted foreign diplomats .
` ` the chinaman 's hens getting their corn . ''
you were alone and so was i and it occurred to me that we might discuss the price of corn . '
' karate , mr bond , is based on the theory that the human body possesses five striking surfaces and thirty - seven vulnerable spots - vulnerable , that is , to an expert in karate whose finger - tips , the side of the hands and the feet are hardened into layers of corn , which is far stronger and more flexible than bone .
they developed the five striking surfaces of the human body - the fist , the edge of the hand , the fingertips , the ball of the foot and the elbows - and toughened them until they were enveloped in layers of corn .
i felt like a farmer , spreading shit and growing corn .
road on hot summer days , with the sweet smell of corn and prairie hay in the air ?
i just got a tip that president ionescu is going to approve a contract with argentina for a million and a half tons of corn , and with brazil for half a million tons of soybeans .
the americans wished to sell him corn and soybeans , but they were too late .
` ` among other things , '' mary said quietly , ` ` corn and soybeans . ''
there were stout , red - faced boer farmers with sun - bleached hair , their wagons loaded with potatoes , corn and leafy vegetables .
there were bubbling earthen pots of chili , and whole lobsters ; crabs and corn on the cob were cooking in the ground .
there were baked potatoes and yams and fresh peas in the pod , six kinds of salads , homemade hot biscuits , and corn bread with honey and jam .
` ` greatest invention since corn liquor . ''
the deer would soon quietly ease from the woods to the edge of the field in search of fescue and field corn .
today 's wednesday , and that means turnip greens and corn bread .
adam was certain that somewhere deep in his genes he was supposed to crave turnip greens and corn bread .
sam took three bites of pinto beans and some of the corn bread , then placed the tray at the end of his bed .
` ` he 's down - home corn silk , hardly a political bone in his body .. .. on the other hand , such people are accomplished at deception .
also around two o'clock in the morningafter the lights went out , the tallest mother - lovin'antenna this side of houston slid up like a bioniccornstalk , but there was no corn on the top .
their boots crunched and squeaked on the corn snow of the trail as they moved on to the station .
he was a young man , stocky , with deep - set eyes , hair the color of corn , a faint dry nebraska twang .
' i sprang from an ear of ontario corn ... ' ' yes , of course , ' said the ambassador in utter sincerity , glancing at the phone .
just willard in a hat eating corn on the cob and sweet potato sticks .
he was a cheerful corn - fed country boy .
these were blond corn - fed farm boys from america , or redheaded british boys from scotland , or anything else that did n't look dark and pinched and wartime french .
` ` take me around the block , corn , '' she said .
nothing was harvested on the island except timber and lots of corn for illegal whiskey .
rudolph became a corn farmer who neither ate nor sold his crop , but instead used it to produce what was soon known as one of the finest whiskeys in the deep south .
in the second there was a mound of yellow corn , sprinkled with green peppers , still hot from the stove .
the corn , okra , and butter beans had been canned from her garden last august .
she and esau grew four types of tomatoes , butter beans , string beans , black - eyed peas , crowder peas , cucumbers , eggplant , squash , collards , mustard greens , turnips , vidalia onions , yellow onions , green onions , cabbage , okra , new red potatoes , russet potatoes , carrots , beets , corn , green peppers , cantaloupes , two varieties of watermelon , and a few other things she could n't recall at the moment .
she examined a stalk of corn and was not pleased with whatever she saw .
red and yellow tomatoes , cucumbers and onions in vinegar , butter beans , snap beans , peas , okra , squash , boiled potatoes , corn on the cob , and always hot corn bread .
red and yellow tomatoes , cucumbers and onions in vinegar , butter beans , snap beans , peas , okra , squash , boiled potatoes , corn on the cob , and always hot corn bread .
the tea was weak and almost sugarless , according to her , and the corn bread lacked enough salt and was served at room temperature , an unforgivable offense .
or perhaps a cleaner corn whiskey ?
they also manufactured such things as crowbars and corn chips and hair dye , but dig just below the surface and you 'd find that their profits came from cigarettes .
the list included : the chemical corn exchange , 900 madison avenue , new york city .
they finished with a couple of humitas , creamy sweet - corn paste in cornhusk packets , and coffee .
' corn and more corn .
' corn and more corn .
lots and lots of corn .
' better than corn . '
they grew corn and beans and built up a big acreage .
' i really do n't care who gets an ear of corn hauled away , or how , or if , or when .
' that 's a lot of corn . '
corn country was ideal for a little clandestine farming .
corn grew as high as an elephant 's eye , and dense , and a twenty - foot clearing carved out a hundred yards from the edge of a field was as secret a garden as could be planted anywhere .
more profitable than corn , too , even with all the federal subsidies .
maybe original nebraska settlers , or famous football players , or coaches , or champion corn growers .
margaret coe had been wearing a green dress , which did n't help in corn country in early summer .
nothing at all , in fact , except an ocean of corn .
' the nebraska corn growers . '
he saw about a million acres of waist - high corn , and he saw some houses dotted around here and there , and he saw some outbuildings dotted around here and there .
there may be more just like them , but it does n't matter anyway , because in the early summer they would be completely inaccessible , because you 'd have to wade a mile through growing corn just to get to them .
he wo n't have time to finish it ; the farm report is already in full flight ( hog bellies up , wheat futures down , and the corn as high as an elephant 's eye ) , but he needs a couple of drags just now to steady himself .
he would not exult or show off , such behavior being foreign to his nature ; henry would nod toward the windshield and say things like , ` ` looks like the corn is nice and tall for this time of year , '' and ` ` i ' m glad duane finally got around to painting his house . ''
and the corn would be tall , and duane updahl would have recently painted his house , information delivered to henry by his mysterious sensory systems .
return comes as it should , with the clean , rich smells of topsoil and corn , and a rooster 's alarm - clock crowing from the gilbertson cousins ' farm .
he does n't like snakes , did n't even want to touch the harmless little corn snake mrs . locher brought to school , and this thing is the size of a python , with ruby eyes and fangs that prop its mouth open in a perpetual snarl .
outside the pavilion , she can hear children singing ` ` the green corn a - dayo . ''
bubba is an up - and - coming lawyer and legislator , and lizanne is beautiful and full - bodied , with a voice as slow and warm as butter melting on corn .
through that window , over the top of a miniature corn sheaf , i could see cindy 's head of smooth black hair bent over a gift basket on the large worktable behind the counter .
but the smell of corn bread rolled out of the back door when lizanne answered our knock .
then i can get the corn bread out of the oven , and we can talk . ''
brandon was deposited in his playpen with absolutely no fuss , and he sat up and watched with interest as his mother , still one of the most beautiful women i 'd ever known , despite having popped out two babies in almost instant succession , slid a pan of corn bread out of the oven and set it on top to cool .
scavenging for missed ears of corn .
ezekiel and gloria curtice sat at the end of the table nearest the sheet - iron stove , a silence descending as the residents of abandon filled their plates from the pans of corn bread , vegetables , fried potatoes , sop , and whole roasts .
iii outside the city , corn in a field waved in a light night - time breeze .
behind him , the assembled brotherhood of the assassins rippled like corn in a breeze .
he could see the yellow , black , and blue livery of caterina 's men interspersed with the borgia tunics - and their device was a black bull , head down , in a field of golden corn .
' they could all grow corn . '
she worried for a moment that it would overfill the bucket , but soon the flow diminished to a dribble and she watched as a dark clump of hair and small kernels of corn followed the last of the water into the bucket .
` ` central corn ' , '' chuck said .
when danny heard the name , about all that came to mind was corn and grain silos , dusk blue skies .
gary l. smith had tiny teeth , like kernels of corn and almost as yellow .
she was supposed to be shucking corn , but now held a half - shucked cob forgotten , her attention directed out the front window of the cottage .
she then swiveled to peer at the outbuildings and fields of corn and felt her heart sink .
but even william was paying a lot of attention to the world , which did n't often happen unless she 'd seen some corn .
it stretched out at least three hundred and fifty acres and was one of the leading corn growers in dullsville .
the mayans had been farmers , growing their golden corn in the middle of the rain forest , whispering with reverence of the jaguar and building temples to bring sky , earth and the underworld together .
the corn was long gone , but the jaguar remembered it , the rows of bright green stalks lifting their heads to the sun and the rain in the midst of the surrounding forest .
she remembered the dizzying ride as she was tucked under an arm and rushed through the field , the corn hitting her face , blood spatter everywhere .
delicate and beautiful , her perfect oval face was as flawless as the ivory silk on the walls that surrounded her , her long blond hair the color of corn silk , her wide lavender eyes fringed in dark lashes .
she put some of each onto their plates , then carried both plates and the corn bread to the table and took her seat across from amelie .
i ' ve never had corn bread either .
` ` i guess he do n't like the corn bread , either , '' carrow ` ` uipped .
` ` the current will take it , moving it out into lake huron faster than green corn through a tourist .
boy ca n't even let somebody else have the last corn dog , and he does n't even like corn dogs .
boy ca n't even let somebody else have the last corn dog , and he does n't even like corn dogs .
corn is a member of the grass family and is native to the american continents ... . she flipped pages .
more about corn .
` ` it used to be a corn mil for the estate , '' daisy replied .
` ` actual y , we came because we heard it was free corn dog night .
stil , we made it back to the corn mil , and even though it felt like a dwarf with a chisel had taken up permanent residence in my frontal lobe , i managed to stagger al the way back to the house .
suddenly , it was like a screen fel over my eyes , and i could see the abandoned corn mil .
suddenly , i saw archer sitting in the window of the corn mil again , and a sense of longing flooded through me .
i thought about him sitting in the corn mil , waiting for me .
the sun was just beginning to rise when we reached the corn mil , which surprised me until i remembered that a ) england has freakishly early sunrises in the summer , and b ) we 'd been gone nearly two hours .
the corn mil was just out of sight when reality sunk in .
i was almost afraid to open my eyes when the cold subsided , but when i did , i found myself standing right in front of the corn mil .
so i sat on the grimy floor of an eighteenth - century corn mil and watched my fianceheal the guy i loved .
there were booths of homemade pies , corn dogs , snow cones , rides like the ferris wheel and the scrambler , a fun house , and games of tic - tac - toe , a ring toss , and a dunking booth .
out among the corn fields , lash drove along the dirt lane toward the farmhouse .
he gave free corn from egypt to the poor .
it was a gleaming gold , overly bright , yellow as corn and full of soft curls .
` ` marius , '' i said , ` ` the corn for osiris ; does n't he want the corn ?
he 's the god of the corn . ''
` ` no , he does n't want the corn , '' said marius .
what once must have been a thriving and highly active station , importing and exporting coal , wheat , and corn , was now a graveyard .
' bewitching men 's corn , killing cattle , bringing hunger into the country , and strangling babies at night with her long hair . '
after all , i`d grown up watching children of the corn and the texas chainsaw massacre .
skin flaked off like corn husks , leaving behind pure - white bone and twisted tendons .
` ` we 're sorry , '' lewis said , wiggling his fork inside a corn husk .
peppers and herbs might be cultivated by a tribe for two hundred years before anyone thinks to grow wheat or corn .
in some places they make their orderly little farms as they have always done , to grow thick yams , or lush green avocados , red peppers , and corn .
lots of sweet , tender yellow corn .
the corn exploded , too .
the corn belt was giving way to cattle country when willikins said : ` ` you know , sir , this thing steers itself .
how can land that grows corn and wheat be worth less than land filled with sand traps ?
her hair was like corn silk , fine and shimmering even in this dim light .
so she 'd come over to gas n go , buy some corn nuts , hang around .
as she was drying them , she told herself how much better the soup would be without the corn bread , and failed to convince herself that could be so .
the light fixture hanging from the ceiling was almost directly behind her , turning her corn silk hair into a kind of halo .
the ground shook as though thousands of horses thundered across it ; and this time the storm bore on its icy wings , not snow , but great hailstones which drove with such violence that they might have come from the thongs of balearic slingers - hailstones that beat down leaf and branch and made the shelter of the cypresses of no more avail than though their stems were standing - corn .
` ` the corn bread is a brick . ''
i hooked a piece of corn on the cob with a giant fork .
corn or beans ? ''
` ` corn . ''
the corn was taller than i was , and it all looked the same , making me unable to tell if i even walked in circles or not .
` ` corn , beans , fruit , chili , '' i read , twisting a few of the labels so i could see what they were .
i have not seen any fields of wheat or corn , either .
she wolfed down the corn dog , surprised at how hungry she was and how good it tasted .
during the day , volunteers gave visitors a taste of what life had been like in days gone by , demonstrating things like grinding corn , spinning , weaving , and the art of making candles .
it was breaking dawn and the sun was peaking up over the tall stalks or corn on the neighbors farm .
she 'd seen children of the corn , and though they were n't all blue eyed and blond , the serene expressions on their faces and their immobile postures were unnerving .
the store smelled tantalizingly of oats , honey , corn , sweet feed , and leather .
with their blond hair , and wide unblinking eyes , mary was suddenly reminded of the children of the corn .
* * * ` ` why do they always bring flour tortillas when these corn tortillas are so much better ? ''
i walk behind a shapeshifting lioness as she drops seeds into the moist , turned earth , watching as the corn kernels fall from her hands .
sighing , i carefully rake soil over the row of planted corn and when the others are n't watching , i tip the errant kernel into the furrow with my boot and cover it , too .
the owner lived outside des moines on an acreage surrounded by ( no surprise ) corn fields .
weldon carved up the turkey for everyone and the werewolves stuffed themselves on turkey and dressing , mashed potatoes and giblet gravy , green bean casserole , a broccoli rice casserole in case you did n't do green beans , corn on the cob , yams , fresh rolls , pumpkin , pecan , apple and chocolate pies .
i run through rows of corn that are as tall as my shoulders ; i race along the fence dotted with white puffs of sheep and goats who keep their distance from the low fence surrounding the pasture .
i break corn stalks as i pound through the field .
still , even though it looks like nearly the entire level is sleeping , i stick to the rural areas , jogging past the cows and through the rows of corn with tassels that tickle me as i brush by .
next is a field of plants , at least twice the size of the other fields i ' ve run past , the corn and wheat and green beans .
measured fields of grain , corn , beans .
` ` late last summer when the corn was ready to be brought in , my uncle came by to help with it .
` ` they was bringin ' the last of it into the corn crib when it started to rain , but father did n't want to stop till it was all done and so he got all wet and then caught a chill and then a fever .
he 's somewhere between california and new york , probably flying over a patchwork quilt of corn and wheat fields .
i ' ve added a few more jigs , ` ` haste to the wedding '' and ' the hare in the corn , '' and another mournful one , ` ` my bonnie light horseman , '' which is powerful sad and beautiful , but the girl do n't get killed and thrown in a lonesome grave in this one , for a change .
this time of year , those fields were usually a mix of green and brown - corn and tobacco .
the fields on either side looked gold , like corn and sunshine - not brown , like lubbers and drought .
sure enough , the three younger ones - most likely her first three husbands - were eating corn nuts and playing cards , the sleeves of their white button - down shirts rolled up to the elbows .
it was like a giant corn maze .
anyone who 's ever been stuck in a corn maze can tell you that .
the woman had springy , curly hair the color of spun corn silk , and the man was dark - haired , with shockingly familiar silver ...
he looked so silly , dressed so formally among the corn and battered lawn chairs .
and then i gives 'em a fast jig , ` ` the hare in the corn , '' and pounds the floor with some different steps , and then i slows it down with the sad ballad , ` ` the sally gardens , '' and cranks it back up again with ` ` the flowing bowl , '' and then i feels the need of a break but i know i ca n't stop so i tells 'em the sad story of ` ` the cruel sister , '' wherein i tells the story and then sings the verses of the song and in between plays the melody with the whistle , and they 're all sitting around like any classroom of girls and some of them are nodding off , which i do n't think is a comment on my storytelling but rather on the drink , and i think it would be a good thing if they all fell asleep but no , mam'selle claudelle is beamin ' at me as brightly as ever and my throat is getting sore and my voice is beginning to rasp and squeak when the door swings open and the constable comes in and says , ` ` all right , rummy , out with you .
i once made corn mu ns for a fourth - grade project on williamsburg and they came out like baseballs .
a band is always playing and vendors set up their carts , selling fried meat on skewers and corn on the cob and apple pie floating in a puddle of ice cream , served in little paper boats .
` ` real food as in nachos and day - old corn dogs ? ''
so when you start craving a corn dog because every third person you see is eating one , then bring on the mustard !
no one - not even one of my best friends - was going to look twice at an ordinary - looking girl in last year 's clothes sitting on a park bench eating a corn dog .
i could almost hear the band and smell the corn dogs .
the smells of corn dogs and popcorn were lost beneath the scent of oil and grease .
` ` you did total y botch that corn bread assignment . ''
` ` i ca n't believe you got an f in corn bread . ''
` ` most people can make it through life without having to be good at making corn bread .
` ` what church do you go to , corn fritter ? ''
` ` i thought you were dating that corn fritter fellow . ''
` ` you were in the equipment shed with corn fritter ? ''
` ` he said that you ' ve been ' engaging in inappropriate activities with a guy named corn fritter . ' ''
when i was twelve , my school took a field trip to a ` ` haunted '' corn maze on the outskirts of town , a week or so before halloween .
i remember walking down the rows of corn all by myself , feeling a thrill of both fear and excitement as i tried finding my way to the center and back again .
when i think of ohio , i think of cows and corn and nice people .
we drive for four miles before turning left onto a gravel road , then pass open cut fields that are probably full of corn in the summer , then through a dense forest for about a mile .
i stare at the long rows of corn in the fields and i try to picture what they 'd look like from space .
after this many hours of corn , i would do anything for something pretty to think about . '
elswit shucks and scrapes the cobs of corn while i soak and rinse the beans .
i hit the ground hard and then slid several feet through trampled corn .
another corner of the compound held gardens - from where he was standing thomas recognized corn , tomato plants , fruit trees .
thomas and zart were weeding a long row of young corn when thomas decided it was a good time to start asking questions .
she turned her head and smiled at me , and amidst my pain and humiliation , i saw that , despite her flimsy dress , once - white apron , and bare feet , she really was quite pretty - straight hair the color of corn silk , good straight teeth , slim frame , and the bluest eyes i had ever seen .
oh , ` ` corn whiskey , corn whiskey , corn whiskey , '' i cry , if'n i do n't get corn whiskey , i surely will die !
oh , ` ` corn whiskey , corn whiskey , corn whiskey , '' i cry , if'n i do n't get corn whiskey , i surely will die !
the first tavern she got to was the dirty dozens and she drunk it dry in under twenty minutes - that 's beer , wine , them fancy lee - koors , and that fine , fine corn whiskey .
a little later i am told by crow jane that people have been dropping by sacks of vegetables , corn , and other produce .
but when i was a wee bairny , my mother used to sing me a scottish lullaby called ' schmeag schmore ' that went sort of like ' hush , little baby , ever'thin 's gon na be all right , the sheep 's in the meadow , and the cow 's in the corn , ' and i know you ca n't sing it to me , archy , but if you were to hum it real low , it would give me great comfort in my time o ' need , archy , it would ... '' chapter 52 it was a long night , one of the longest i have ever spent , but finally light began to creep through the door crack , and though i am cramped and achy , i make myself ready and steel myself for the attempt , for i know that this will be my only chance at escape before i am once again trussed up , helpless and doomed .
hoe corn and pick cotton and such .
` ` jase 's corn snake .
voldemort the corn snake with the shoe fetish .
` ` corn snakes are really underrated as pets .
` ` the one thing you have to be careful with about corn snakes is that sometimes they defecate when they are stressed . ''
voldemort the corn snake has escaped again .
without even screaming when voldemort , evidently stressed , does what corn snakes will do , and defecates all over my hand .
it was the summer before eighth grade and the girls were supposed to be flirting with older boys at pool parties , eating corn on the cob in one another 's backyards , and shopping all day at the king james mall .
little corn kernels were stuck to her left cheek .
sometimes , a family is like an ear of summer corn : it might look perfect on the outside , but when you peel the husk away , every kernel is rotten .
they moved deeper into the casino , looking at activity booths for hiking expeditions , art walks , and mandatory for - credit classes like convert your vehicle to corn power !
she pulled her coat tight around her , and pointed at the cookie on the corn on the cob - shaped plate .
he was n't done screwing with me when scott told me he was enrolling me at the local redneck , children of the corn school .
i hear the seed corn hitting the deck as jemimah scatters it , and i hear the hens scratching about .
my foster mother explained , ` ` he 's been in the corn liquor .
some might argue that if he did n't track my movements at night , he would n't have been caught , and his punishment would ' ve been less severe , but i suspected that jensen was a mean man when he was in the corn liquor , and he 'd have found another reason to hurt fade .
elsewhere , they pulled corn , dug potatoes , and whatever else the growers had planted .
even now the corn inside glistened with butter .
so if we did n't want to get stuck working with our parents , we spent time swimming in the pond on the back of his property , jumping hay bales , hiding out in the rafters of the barns or walking the corn fields , up one way and then back and then up and then back .
occasionally , you had the odd kids whose parents raised livestock instead of corn or soybeans , but they still understood the busy seasons and what it was like to do chores before the sun was up and go straight home from school to help out until bedtime .
we jumped hay bales during harvest , we got lost in the rows of corn during the summer , and during the spring we would splash in the huge puddles the tractor tires made until we were covered head to toe in mud .
her hair was down , as usual , and met her waist but this time it was straight as corn silk , her bangs across her forehead instead of swept to the side .
and he barely smells like funnel cake and corn dog at all .
the back of the junky white pickup contains three bundles of unfolded newspapers and the cab is piled high with folded ones , crisp as new ears of corn .
his smile had the look of calico corn .
the stage is set for oklahoma ! , complete with rows of fake corn , a broken - down wagon , trees , bushes , and a yellow farmhouse , a blue sky in the background .
` ` but he punched me right back and pretty soon we were rolling around in the dirt , like two pigs fighting over an old corn cob , dirty and snorting like animals .
tsa officers are still in their office eating corn dogs , but will they open security for two passengers ?
when tracie brings the corn fritters piled up in a little white ceramic bowl , i sample one .
we walked , hand in hand , through a wood of blue - tinged evergreens , and we crossed a lacquered red and yellow bridge over an ornamental pond ; we walked along the edge of a field in which young corn was coming up , like green grass planted in rows ; we climbed a wooden stile , hand in hand , and reached another field , planted with what looked like small reeds or furry snakes , black and white and brown and orange and grey and striped , all of them waving gently , curling and uncurling in the sun .
she seemed like a nice , corn fed country girl with her pretty red hair and mouth the size of a football .
the marks that cut around the windowpane were desperate , claws and teeth that had scraped at the wood like a knife scraping corn from a cob .
my thoughts were n't lining up logically the sheep 's in the meadow the cow 's in the corn where is the girl and part of me knew that , but the ideas were shooting too fast through my head and unstoppable now , round and round the cobbler 's bench and my ears were ringing and my body felt unable to support the pressure she 's under the haystack of all the accusations .
no , corn pops . ''
most of the space was arranged with square and round tables , many set with sangria pitchers and baskets of blue - corn tortilla chips alongside painted bowls of red and green salsa .
i 'd listened to the ghostly sound of the wind whipping down the boardwalk , and i 'd inhaled a corn dog from under a kiosk umbrella as we 'd watched the storm sweep through , rain sluicing our legs and turning the cornmeal batter damp , which made it taste even better .
at night , she would sit in front of the tv , rubbing in the corn huskers lotion .
` ` if we 're attacked by corn dogs , '' jeanine said with a straight face , ` ` our enemies will be doomed . ''
great clods of soil had been dislodged by his arrival , and several tall stalks of corn had been uprooted and scattered .
all he could see in any direction was corn .
endless rows of corn shifted in a gentle breeze beneath the midday sun .
somebody had planted and was tending this corn .
` ` then you poke some branches into their mouths and out the other end and roast them over a fire , and then you eat them just like corn on ... alex ?
` ` we 're not talking acres of wheat or corn .
and because the girl was so close , alex also got a very good look at that corn knife , a wicked thing that was crusted with gore and as long as the kid 's forearm .
there was a jackknife with the rest of the gear jess had stowed , but the blade was a toothpick against that corn knife .
spider 's corn knife was a longer , bladed weapon with a lot of cutting area .
breaking from her paralysis , spider brought the corn knife up and around in a wide , curving arc .
the corn knife whizzed past and sliced only air .
her eyes never left the corn knife , and she had just enough time to think how lucky she was that the blade was n't double - edged .
screeching , spider brought the corn knife down in a vicious , left - handed chop .
twisting , she saw the corn knife buried up to the handle - and blood spraying a crimson starburst .
the corn knife flashed before her eyes .
although conscious , spider was still groggy , so wolf had wandered up and down , eyeing the herd , that gory corn knife in hand .
spider might like the corn knife .
of course , spider had that corn knife , too .
spider was beside the boy , loose and limber , corn knife in hand .
dumping a load of corn and barley into a bin feeder , he waddled out of the pen as the hogs jostled and snuffled around their dinner .
wade had a lot of feed : barley , corn , good hay , scratch for the chickens .
he stared down at the handful of seed and cracked corn raining between his fingers .
lena 's tone was as dry and lifeless as a shriveled corn husk .
terminal case of corns , two huge bunions , calluses so rough you could use them for sandpaper , and toe rot .
in her hand was the largest , sharpest corn knife tom had ever seen .
pulled off - balance by his own momentum , tom caught the glint , heard the corn knife whistling in a fast , sidelong chop for his exposed left flank , and thought that might just be the last mistake he ever made .
spinning free , the corn knife whirred past tom 's chest , missing by a fraction of an inch , to bury itself in the opposite wall .
although jayden said there 'd been a moment after they 'd killed the girl with the corn knife when tom had ... hesitated : when i said your name , you could see it in tom 's face , how surprised he was to find out who you were , and ... it was so weird .
` ` but now there 's the two you shot , and that girl with the corn knife and the ... '' he tapped his cheek .
oh , there was a girl , a wild thing with hair bright as corn and violent as a gorgon 's serpents , but she did not have emma 's face .
just dead broken stalks of corn and browning brush .
no , make that corn dogs .
chestnut pudding , corn bread , ripe red tomatoes , custard in fig syrup , soft blue beetlemilk cheeses wrapped in leaves , steaming stew , crispy fried squash blossoms ...
` ` a corn dog . ''
` ` a corn dog ? ''
he looked at the corn dog suspiciously .
he sighed , laid the corn dog still in its yellow wrapping on his lap , and lifted up his shirt .
bennacio did n't eat his corn dog ; it lay on his lap for another twenty miles as he stared out his window .
` ` your corn dog 's getting cold , '' i told him .
` ` but i figured , who does n't like corn dogs ? ''
17 i stopped just outside of a little town in the shenandoah valley called edinburg to pee and to find bennacio something other than a corn dog to eat .
then i smelled bread fresh from the oven and my stomach decided for me ; i had n't eaten anything since the corn dog .
` ` corn dog . ''
` ` corn dog , yes . ''
his voice was loud but calm , as if we were still discussing corn dogs .
` ` why a corn dog ? ''
` ` corn dogs are lucky ?
i could taste the corn dog on my tongue as i yanked the rearview mirror toward my face .
` ` a place where corn is held before it is ground into meal . ''
` ` corn dogs , '' he said .
i laid my half - eaten corn dog on the table and went to the telephone by the bed .
samuel shifted again when i sat back down and picked up my corn dog .
i thought about buying another corn dog , but two was the lucky number .
it 's nothing like a corn silo .
we need streets and people , not cows and corn .
the new farmers slowly forgot their dreams of a new city as they watched their corn rising in the fields .
there were all kinds of grains they had never heard of before , corn of various size and color , native and exotic fruit and vegetables as well as all kinds of animals , from cows to pigs and sheep and goats to llamas , horses , donkeys and ostriches .
luck was with us , after scrounging high and low we found a whole bag of seed corn and other vegetable seed that had nt been opened , along with a few bags of fertilizer that were harder than rock .
i ' ve raised enough corn in my life to know that taking food out our mouths to put in our tanks is a dead loser .
aw cap'n- now who could ever get sick of corn bread , beef and beans ?
she brought two big plates piled high with ham hocks , mashed potatoes , corn on the cob , and seated them down on the stoop .
but , you did not want to close your eyes completely or you might miss the incredible corn flower blue sky on this chamber of commerce brochure - type day .
hondo paused and then he explained , when a man is carting sugar into these mountains , its a pretty safe bet that he s cooking corn liquor .
like corn smut , but with shoes and underwear .
john lit the fire in the cook stove and gathered more wood , set the rabbit trap , sharpened the knives ( i would nt even let him open a can of dog food back home , she thought with amazement , for fear he d cut himself ) , fed the horses and the goats and the chickens with corn and hay he took out of the basement storage .
tassels drooped like wilted lettuce from the tops of corn stalks with brown leaves .
the wheel would have turned a big grinding stone and crushed corn into meal .
you ca nt grow corn around here .
they planned to float corn downriver on barge boats from rocky ford .
this brought back long ago memories of a corn maze on halloween , the grass well above their heads by now .
they had tentatively reached a deal in principle where the wtr gave them compensation in corn and other hard - to - find items .
teddy had taken just enough flying lessons to crop - dust his fathers various large corn , soybean , and tobacco fields .
the cowboy singer was strumming and wailing a mournful tune about dying if he did nt get some corn whiskey - sarge knew exactly what he meant .
entering his hootch he could barely hear the last refrain , corn whiskey , corn whiskey , corn whiskey i cry .
entering his hootch he could barely hear the last refrain , corn whiskey , corn whiskey , corn whiskey i cry .
entering his hootch he could barely hear the last refrain , corn whiskey , corn whiskey , corn whiskey i cry .
later , eladio managed to convince a merchant in belem de paro to trade a blanket and some corn seeds for the aryballos .
he knew the blanket would please his mother , and the corn seeds could always be used in the familys garden .
she saw ears of corn made of solid gold .
you are thinking to yourself that must have been some pretty damn fine corn for him to settle down and earn his keep from the sweat of his brow .
beans , squash , peas , corn , potatoes , tomatoes and two rows of sunflowers . ''
he makes sure to save some room for feed corn and grain sorghum for the animals and , of course , the hayfield .
if we planted them from north to south and the corn in front of the beans , the beans would be shadowed in the morning light by the corn stalks when they ' ve grown their tallest . ''
if we planted them from north to south and the corn in front of the beans , the beans would be shadowed in the morning light by the corn stalks when they ' ve grown their tallest . ''
` ` now this is the sweet corn , so the seeds need to be about 12 inches apart .
just think , in only a couple of months , well see sprouts coming up from our very own beans , corn , carrots , squash ... anything we want to plant .
a fire truck , some corn husk dolls and one expensive looking china faced doll .
the corn was just now knee high , but the crop was good .
this was lye water that she used for making hominy and to soften the dried corn before grinding it in to meal .
it was in the summer , three years ago , that they had met at the green corn ceremony .
then they went to the field to pick the corn .
it did not make sense that the creeks would invade the village ; destroying the people in it , then go off leaving the cornfields full of ripe corn , ready to be picked .
as the morning passed they could see the women of the village coming out to tend the corn .
they lay low on the ground in the cornfield , among the bean vines that grew on the stalks of the corn .
this morning , when the women and the slaves came out to tend the corn , wolf eyes and wounded eagle watched intently to see how the slaves were treated .
she , immediately , returned to chopping the weeds on the corn , but knew that her help was close at hand .
the corn stalks were high enough that it gave them good cover , and they were able to get close to the entrance of the palisade to the village .
we were taken to the fields , in the mornings , to hoe the corn .
when they returned , it would be time for the ceremony of the busk or green corn ceremony that started the new year .
chapter 6 : green corn festival the village was becoming restful as the sun spirit went down below the horizon .
but the rain was a welcomed sight , because it was much needed by the corn .
the corn was almost ready for picking , and after this rain , it would be .
it meant the green corn festival .
the whole structure sat six feet off of the ground on poles that were coated with bear grease to keep the field rats from getting the corn and other commodities that would be stored in it .
the sun had dried out the field , and the women began to pick the corn .
when the basket was full , they would bring it to an area in front of the corncrib where the new ears of corn would be put on the ground for sorting .
some corn was selected to eat right away .
this corn would be boiled and eaten right off the cob .
the corn that was put into the crib would be stacked in rows to make the best use of the space available .
the feathers would be used in the green corn ceremony later that day .
when the birds were prepared , they were wrapped in corn shucks and put into containers that would hold them until the time came for them to be roasted .
red talon took an ear of corn and broke it in two and gave her half .
the food was hominy and corn bread and venison , with jellies and honey and dried fruit .
they also picked up a bag of food , which had in it dried meat , parched corn , bread and persimmon pulp cakes .
the corn was new seedling , just breaking through the ground surface .
the stored corn was bundled and put into captured dugout canoes , readied for transport .
it will not be long until the time of the green corn festival .
the corn was tall and had tassels that had turned brown .
this corn is ready to pick , said waving willow .
when it was dark , they went into the cornfield and helped themselves to some corn .
the rows of corn were long and stretched away to the woods at the end of the field .
waving willow was working between the high rows of corn .
so the whole village started making the preparations for the green corn festival .
do you like corn bread ?
i love corn bread , ted replied .
auntie changs geese had escaped their coop and eaten the new corn plants .
the burnt corn smell of the bubbling opium lent a sinister aura to the place .
wheat and corn had been grown successfully at some of the ranchos , and coastal vessels had carried it to mexico , which had been successful in trading it .
he and his altar boys took a light breakfast of corn tortillas and fruit then returned to the rectory to begin the ritual of dressing .
the runway lights vanished into the ground and only the wind driving the rain could be heard in the breaking light blowing across the top of the waves cresting the black mud , green pasture and golden corn stubble after the harvest .
the only choice joe ever got about farming was whether to plant wheat or corn .
until that happened they had nightly bonfires outside and they made a fair dent in the provisions , especially the corn whiskey , which they had brought with them for the journey .
the corn may be dried up right now , but its better than being dried up inside .
cillian asked with a twinge of fear as he went inside to check her out it was a simple corn snake and no she was nt bitten .
in more open areas were large windmills where people worked , using wind to rotate actual stones to grind wheat , corn and other grains into flour .
fields of immense proportions , planted out in corn and wheat .
every store , though , sold the staple of the local diet , mealie meal ; ground corn meal that was prepared as a thick , glutinous porridge and eaten at every meal .
if we had some corn pollen , willie said , you could eat some and then you would have some protection .
i can see corn stalks !
cera and taylor looked on from a picnic table as mike let another mortar away and two bright streams of light appeared in the sky and trailed down into the seemingly endless rows of corn that surrounded cadys rural home .
i do nt think the corn stalks mind all that much .
but before he could get another accurate shot in , he ducked for cover and a few ears of corn on nearby stalks began exploding .
seeing the corn stalks burst apart cera ran around the near side of the house in hopes of surpassing whoever was coming around the other side .
get to the corn !
but , upon another swift search through the corn , he could nt see anyone else .
he could barely see over the corn , and a mixture of the wind blowing through the tall plants and the ringing still in his ear , he could nt hear anything resembling a voice .
guys , nate interrupted , did either of you see cady or cera go into the corn ?
guys , taylor interjected , i think our first plan should be a way out of this corn field .
only corn as far as the eye could see .
chill out , nate , well get out of this corn soon and well figure something out .
yeah , mike nodded , looking at his , a few square miles of corn ca nt be good for cell signals .
alright , we need to find a way out of the corn , then i m calling the cops , nate began trudging faster through the rows .
as they continued on more headstones became visible and the corn stalks began to fade away .
they walked back into the corn and down a thin trail bobby had created through his trips to the graveyard .
flowering vines and corn plants brushed and scraped against the station wagon as spyder drove hard towards a small farmhouse a few hundred feet ahead .
when i was a child my father used to talk about filling this marsh in with topsoil and planting more corn .
he stepped up on the sagging porch which flanked the house on two sides and saw rows and rows of corn plants in the surrounding fields , with a single crow , cawing loudly for companionship , flying slowly across the green mass .
chapter 3 the terment company stationwagon clattered over the ruts and was gone , dust drifting across the corn field .
jakes hand comes out in the cold air and in the palm of his hand is a handful of corn flakes .
lots of corn grown here for the poultry business .
horses grazed in the nearby pastures with dogs and laughing children running through fields of wildflowers and stalks of corn .
he took the lead of one of the mules they had brought back with them , turned and went over to a teepee close to the river where an old woman was sitting on the ground grinding corn .
she then picked up a rock called a corn pounder and began to show angie how to grind corn on a large worn rock .
angie did nt understand her , but she knew what the old woman wanted and began to grind the corn the best she could .
the old woman became short of patience and shoved angies hands down with her withered old fingers , showing angie the proper way to grind corn .
together with kimana , chocheta , and leotie , angie would run and yell at the top of her lungs in and among the stalks of corn , waving their arms wildly , letting go of as much frustration and anger as she could .
the last of a corn harvest was being gathered for the winter .
halona looked at her , shook her head , and went back to grinding corn .
she felt too old for dolls and chasing crows from the corn fields , and she loved to watch the women of the village make baskets .
peaceful fires lit near the teepees and older women grinding corn , the elders speaking wise words around the campfires and two hunters returning with their kill .
the return it was the middle of summer and the days were hot and the sun baked down on the womens backs as they dug roots and planted more corn in the fields .
the explosion tore the sternwheeler apart like a kernel of popping corn .
` ` well pard , i ' m fuller than two bushels of corn in a bushel basket .
behind a screen of young birches and maples , the slab - sided cabin was not yet in sight when brad forced his way through the last of the wet corn snow .
its seemingly home to nothing but wheat , corn , deer crossing signs , truckers , farmers and holsteins .
they headed to a field that was showing some corn sprouting up through the rows and started pulling weeds .
we turned the corner of river road , and i noted how our corn was coming in , growing in the field on our side of the river .
the few corn bushes that we saw had only dried leaves and no cobs .
he could sit here in bastrop and have himself a good ol time drinking corn whiskey , just watching the world go by , and , to tell the truth , that held some considerable appeal for him .
when the enemy appeared in sight we had not three bushels of corn .
` ` she seemed to be really interested in food so i am going to bake the potion into some ... uh , corn cakes .
after the corn cakes were done baking , and had turned a scrumptious golden brown , i coated them with a clear and sugary frosting .
i had tasted the corn cakes ?
with the diverse menu on offer at skukuza ranging from oranges and corn to cattle and humans , one needed to keep a sharp eye on the wildlife .
the pain forced me to release the souls to those waitin harpies who gobbled them up like chicken on corn .
he looked out over the fallow fields and watched as it turned to fertile fields full of corn and cotton .
ca nt make all those new - fangled gizmos with corn silk and alfalfa sprouts , snickered the chief , trying successfully to sound like a country buffoon .
careful tinker that ai nt booze that s lynchburg , tennessees finest 90 proof jack daniels corn whiskey !
the garden of the bungalow grew up with weeds and waist high grasses , mimicking the corn in the farmers field that lay beyond the boundary fence .
with the ignition turned from 0 to 1 the bike started on the first kick and we set off over the farmers corn field .
mom , my youngest sister teresa , and i would plant tomatoes , corn , and my favorite ... okra .
but away from the cities , indiana and illinois both have huge regions devoted to farming where you might see miles of corn before you passed a single homestead .
jerry knew a man in central indiana that had a large corn farm .
there was nothing but corn from horizon to horizon with this little plot of trees being the only relief in sight .
the grove of trees and the pond only covered about ten acres but it was like an oasis in a desert of corn .
he began to taste the frustratingly faint taste of his woman 's corn tortillas and meat .
ground corn .
more ground corn .
he d blithely annexed everything he wore and , by and large , his gaunt frame resembled a scarecrow who only maintained employment because the crows were too busy cracking up to bother with the corn .
they were followed by corn silk hair , sharp features and round eyes bluer than the sky on a summers day .
in both virginia and massachusetts , the colonists survived and flourished on corn from the native american indians .
history said the creek indians first attacked the fort of burnt corn alabama is 61.48 miles northeast of tensaw , alabama .
the history books stated that creek indians attacked the train depot at burnt corn creek , alabama .
i ca nt find a burn corn creek , alabama , but the good folks of the small town of burnt corn , alabama claims the fame .
i ca nt find a burn corn creek , alabama , but the good folks of the small town of burnt corn , alabama claims the fame .
the burn corn creek battle is both vague and sketchy .
so how did the indians on horses attack burn corn creek then arrive in plenty of free time to massacre 500 folks , without one dang warning ?
the history books had to tell something so they confused burnt car road with burnt corn creek with a separate creek indian attack .
fucner will have the best chance of scouting for brone and his cronies surveying the outer corn fields of the campus .
squaws , wearing their best abalone shell pendants , their broad faces framed in black , black hair , brought them corn hotcakes in small woven baskets .
the stockade enclosed a large area of weed - choked gardens and patches of young corn .
the outbuildings are kinda like a bunch of service buildings tucked into the hillside where the rest of the folks work to maintain the dogtrot plantation and the pretty lawn and flower grounds which include the hay barns , the horse stables , a blacksmith shop with equine rigging , harnesses , and equipment , the carriage houses , the plant and flower greenhouses , a brick house for both clay brick of the outbuildings and replace granite for the main house , a cabinet maker for wood furnishings , a dry cellar for flour , a medical center for sick folks , a smoke house for meats , a dairy barn , a corn crib , a wheat barn , a poultry coop for hens , an ice house , a dog kennel , a real firehouse since we live out in the real country , a real dead cemetery , and a mountain called loveless mountain .
the farm lands produce wheat , corn , oats , rye , and cotton for harvesting and selling along with raising cattle , sheep , horses , chickens , and hogs while the prime green forests produce timber for the sawmill .
ezzard cutshaw , his great - cubed granddaddy was a southern confederate general directly under general robert e. lee , hold and drips the hot butter over his plate from the corn pone .
he constructed his home in the middle of a dead corn field after arriving , fighting , and killing off a small band of warriors composed of a creek indian tribe living around the unique single mountain peak with an elevation of 507 feet .
you re going to toss her body in the corn field without a decent burial .
when i turn eighteen years old ill be taken from the warm sweet bosom of antebellum house and tossed out like day old corn pones , stale and unused .
once upon a time he lived a happily life on a corn farm going to high school , playing in the football games , driving his sports car around with his high school friends and kissing his girlfriend .
the tribe is having an important festival of some kind , the green corn dance , i think he said .
the green corn dance was the seminole tribes most important festival .
all the clans attended the green corn dance and each year a different clan acted as host and became a welcoming committee to the tribal members who traveled from other villages .
the men would be hungry after their fast so the women were busy preparing fry bread , corn , swamp cabbage , turtle , deer , wild boar and their traditional corn drink , sofkee .
the green corn does not ripen and our people are afraid .
at the green corn dance the breathmaker comes down and blesses everyone and runaways are usually welcomed back to the fold .
the destruction wreaked by these storms placed a pall over the ceremony and joe knew the shaman must address it but the green corn dance must not end on a note of terror and despair .
the market in samehr , for instance , was four stories high and as wide as a corn field , but the royal plaza of saggad was something out of a drunken bards tale .
it was an old building , which had been utilized for stacking vegetables and as granary for rice , corn , beans , lentils , and other seeds that the farmers would then send across the country .
the young girl found a stick and poked it as hard and deep as she could , plowing lines in the road like a miniature corn row .
his fifteen - year - old son sam was a snake fanatic and shared his room with two corn snakes and a python .
he wanted a hardy girl for his corn patch , picking , harvesting , and plowing .
she left it for me to give to my girl , who wants to see my sunrise then my sunset , and then my shiny moon hover over my large corn farm on gambo with me .
angular features , high cheek bones , eyes too close together , severe corn row braided hair , not attractive in the least .
they loved deli , with cold vegetarian beans and all sorts of cold meats like tongue , roast beef , corn beef , turkey and all sorts of sandwiches smeared with mustard , onions , tomatoes , mayo , dill pickles that made your mouth water , even swiss cheese slices too all topped off with slightly hard rye bread !
it thumps across an unguarded railroad grade crossing , a loose old ramp of worn wood bridging shiny rails on which endless trains cart corn , soy , coal , and freight to ports south .
gusting winds stir dry corn husks into furious small cyclones .
the freight cars tumble and zigzag off the rails , dumping tons of dried corn in great heaps onto the mangled remains of the engines and the suv .
the diesel soaked corn ripples into a tide of flame .
as a tv commercial drones on , he decides that , despite the entreaties , and many fine examples shown for his edification , in the final analysis , no , he does n't want any hybrid seed corn this year .
bursts of flaming embers shoot skyward as small pockets of corn explode in the heat .
the engineer said he saw four individuals but their car and bodies were buried under a massive mound of burning corn , coal and chemicals ignited by the explosion when their suv 's gasoline tank was ruptured by the south bound freight .
the announcer continues , ` ` in the center of this smoldering scene , looking more like an hawaiian volcano than a corn field north of des moines , are the now visible charred ruins of an suv which the engineer says held four armed occupants , all dead from the crash .
the car they arrived in is now on it 's way to a corn field in iowa .
the far end of the yard ends in a corn field .
i guess satellite imaging of corn fields is n't a high priority .
the barn in which they park the van is a long building , full of old farm equipment as well as three large propane tanks used to dry corn along with several tanks of anhydrous ammonia .
beat the hell out of living in southern illinois , cause they only grew three things there : corn , cow shit , and rednecks .
i did n't ... a corn dog .
kenok glanced as tagan came to a noisy stop beside him , then returned his gaze to the row of corn he had planted , appearing to study it very closely .
kali wrote in d. it makes the infected corn perform explicitly in a sexual manner .
it was a sizable town situated just to the east of the forest and seemed well named given the lush fields of wheat , corn , and beans it was tucked between .
like trick - or - treating , jack o'lanterns , and candy corn , nevermore and the ravens will try to be back next halloween .
i have never liked kettle corn .
` ` i do n't even like kettle corn !
genesis 22 - 24 verily , verily , i say unto you , except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die , it abideth alone : but if it die , it bringeth forth much fruit .
a woman had cried , sitting in the front row , and who was now covered in chunks of jalapenos , corn dogs , and cotton candy .
he found himself thinking of corn ripening under blue skies , a fire burning in his loins , a maiden thin as a willow wand leading him to a nest beneath the pines ...
but harvestide had arrived and she had departed , her soul rising like the dust from the reaped corn in the fields .
at the base of the hill he found a track that wound between fields occupied only by corn stubble and occasional grasslands .
she visualised the kaleidoscope of scents , as bright in her mind as the vibrant shades of a new summers day as the gold of the corn meets the emerald of the hills under an azure sky .
they had 100 pounds of canned tomatoes , 100 pounds of canned mangos , 100 pounds of canned pears , 300 pounds of flour and same for pasta , 100 pounds of olive oil and corn oil , 500 pounds of rice and potatoes , 1,000 cans of condensed milk , 1,000 cans tuna , 100 pounds of smoked fish , 500 pounds of salt beef , 100 bottles of whisky , 400 pounds of chocolate , 1,000 pounds of sugar , 100 pounds of tea , 100 pounds of coffee , 100 pounds of soap , plus plenty of razors and iodine , bandages and splints for broken arms and legs ; they had no end of miscellaneous items which 29 people would need to survive in the wilderness for several months , such as 500 gallons of kerosene and 5 chogalisa stoves ; fodder for the horses in the form of a ton of oats and 400 pounds of dried apples had to be taken .
they had found themselves in a narrow lane that passed behind a barn where corn and wheat were stored .
the grip at the top curved for better control and the sleek , layered corn stalk with brass brackets allowed less wind resistance than other models .
he also learned the importance of purchasing the finest quality wood from elven oak farms , and how only first grade corn stalk resulted in unparalleled , superior brooms unsurpassed by the competition .
large , black corn kernels , seemingly dead and worthless to the naked eye .
zachery had been walking through the field , admiring the rich green stems of corn that were now taller than he was , when he discovered the skeleton .
though it looked like corn , the plant was nothing like its normal kin .
often he would leave the crops unwatered for days , and the scarecrow had long since been abandoned and left unnoticed on the ground , lost amidst the tall corn .
the corn towered well over her head , and she thought to herself that if she were to get lost in such a maze , no one would find her .
she gently pulled away the leaves , taking care as to not damage them , and inspected the ear of the corn closely .
to her surprise , the corn was not a rich yellow .
the plant appeared healthy , but never had she seen a type of corn like this .
inside the plant , where normally a bulbous ear of corn would grow , there was foetus .
she pulled the stalk of the corn downwards so that the ear containing the creature was on the ground .
at first she thought it was sydney , but soon the figure became that of the creature in the corn , only now fully grown .
zachery and danniella stood side by side , gazing at the tall stalks of corn swaying gently in the breeze .
he brought it down in an arc that sliced the first lot of corn skilfully .
but as zachery lifted his scythe again , the wall of corn before him suddenly fell down , as if their roots had just released their grip in the earth .
there was more corn than they could have possibly hoped for , enough to pay off lord guyye and the hooded man and still have plenty left to sell .
the next day they loaded their old wagon with as much corn as they could and took it to lord guyyes manor .
he watched as his farmhands helped zachery unload the corn from the wagon , wearing an expression of disappointment .
the peasants of town , however , had been hit hard by the previous plague of rats and were more than happy to purchase corn for the cheap price zachery offered .
zachery loaded the mans wagon with many large sacks of corn .
when kilita and tiko had come across him adding to his collection in the corn fields , tiko had been briefly left speechless by his cruelty .
we ca nt feed our land , so all our corn dies .
we can feed our land , so all our corn grows so high .
we can barely feed our land , so all our corn does nt stretch so high .
you can feed your land , so all your corn grows so high .
then there were only fields upon fields of wheat and corn and vegetables with farmhouses dotted around them .
' ... corn ! '
' this is corn ! '
' i found corn . '
' i am planting the corn ' , i replied .
' why are you planting the corn ? '
' i eat corn ' , i replied .
' where i am from , corn is used to produce a lot of things we eat . '
' well if you are going to eat it , i guess you should bring down the corn you are roasting before it burns to ashes . '
i was watering the corn i had planted at the backyard when i heard azadus ' voice .
' you just make sure you take care of the corn .
after weeks of toiling and seeing my corn grow , i was not going to have the chance to eat it .
' it is called corn ...
i found a ripe corn cob much to my delight .
as we walked on , gaiel showed me several corn stalks .
i was amazed to see just how rampant corn grew in the forest .
sunflowers mostly , some corn and beans too .
stalls in the market place were open , carts were rumbling over the cobblestones , workers could be seen in the fields where there was corn growing , smoke spiraled from the humble timber cottages with their thickly thatched roofs .
so madelyn awkwardly clears her throat as i guide the car past seemingly endless corn fields .
i d burn their corn , knock down their shacks , kill or enslave their men folk and exploit their women and young .
as she got closer , he turned and worked his way up the next row of corn , hoeing with slow determination .
it was filled with corn .
i walked over to the field and saw an ear of corn that had already fallen from the stalk .
welcome to iowa where every day starts with corn and yep , you guessed it , every day ends with corn .
welcome to iowa where every day starts with corn and yep , you guessed it , every day ends with corn .
that is also the corn harvest festival that weekend .
the humans make corn fritters , corn dogs , corn poppers , corn chowder , corn on the cob ...
the humans make corn fritters , corn dogs , corn poppers , corn chowder , corn on the cob ...
the humans make corn fritters , corn dogs , corn poppers , corn chowder , corn on the cob ...
the humans make corn fritters , corn dogs , corn poppers , corn chowder , corn on the cob ...
the humans make corn fritters , corn dogs , corn poppers , corn chowder , corn on the cob ...
corn bread , corn chili , grilled corn ... he added as if she never interrupted him .
they ' ve been weaving baskets for months to get ready for the corn harvest .
after the farmers detassel and harvest the corn , then there is an abundant amount on the ground for us mice to pick up .
i looked around again and saw that the trap was blocked by an old , uneaten , piece of corn .
there is corn everywhere .
i kicked the corn out of the way and tried pushing the mouse trap again .
i want to present a concert , on the saturday night during the corn harvest festival .
as you all know , this coming saturday is the great corn harvest for us mice .
the farmers will finish on friday night so the fields will be filled with corn .
in new york we did n't have a corn harvest in our little village .
they will all be made from corn , of course , since it is the great corn harvest festival that day .
i asked him and his answer was , corn salsa , corn mush , corn chowder , corn casserole , corn ...
i asked him and his answer was , corn salsa , corn mush , corn chowder , corn casserole , corn ...
i asked him and his answer was , corn salsa , corn mush , corn chowder , corn casserole , corn ...
i asked him and his answer was , corn salsa , corn mush , corn chowder , corn casserole , corn ...
i asked him and his answer was , corn salsa , corn mush , corn chowder , corn casserole , corn ...
before the day was finished , our little mouse brigade had covered the small iowa town with one hundred announcements for the corn harvest festival concert starring me , the singing mouse .
several of the teens were walking slowly after working long days in the corn fields detasseling the corn .
several of the teens were walking slowly after working long days in the corn fields detasseling the corn .
the tassel is the top of the corn stalk .
they do it so the pollen from one type of corn will pollinate the seeds from another type of corn and create a healthier and better tasting corn .
they do it so the pollen from one type of corn will pollinate the seeds from another type of corn and create a healthier and better tasting corn .
i believe there is a way to turn this whole concert into a great corn festival fiasco .
finally , ethan stepped into the center of us all and sad , do you realize that if there is no gleaning then i ca n't eat all those marvelous corn dishes ?
the older boys were showing off their muscles to make sure everyone knew they could carry the heavy baskets of corn kernels across the field .
chapter 14 the sun had just peaked over the freshly harvested field of corn .
it was the morning of our great gleaning in the corn field .
the mice cheered and raced for the corn field .
i had my basket on my head and ran as fast as possible towards the now harvested stalks of corn .
there before me lay a golden sea of juicy corn kernels just waiting for us to pick them up .
as the sun made its last gasp over the church steeple , we had gathered the most corn ever .
she wanted to interview some of the participants for an article that would be in the great corn harvest edition of the paper .
there will be a great corn harvest festival concert this saturday night .
their feeders were brimming with corn , as always .
the smell of the corn bread was mouthwatering , but yenka swore she would nt touch a piece of broken crust until her babies were stuffed even if it meant raising their clothes to make sure their pale , hollow bellies were bloated .
or forests , in miniature , of corn - knee high by the fourth of july .
now , she stared out over corn fields .
getting lost and dizzy in endless rows of corn .
a new god is born , the maize god rises from the blood - soaked soil and becomes the patron of all corn .
gangly claudette dressed in yellow and green , giving her the appearance of a giant ear of corn .
they were in the fields of corn that lined the eastern wall of golden rock , and they had to make it all the way across to the other side of the city to get home .
she opened the pouch and was about to remove some of the short , thin rods of gold when she heard something crunch in the field of corn beside her .
then off to reap the corn and leave where i was born/ cut a stout blackthorn to banish ghosts/ and goblin ' brand new pair of brogues to rattle o'er the bogs/ and frighten all the dogs on the rocky road to dublin ' i squeeze my eyes tight , and bellow the song louder and louder until it fills the corners of my awareness .
no hungry generations tread thee down ; the voice i hear this passing night was heard in ancient days by emperor and clown : perhaps the self - same song that found a path through the sad heart of ruth , when , sick for home , she stood in tears amid the alien corn ; the same that oft - times hath charm 'd magic casements , opening on the foam of perilous seas , in faery lands forlorn .
the fields were planted and sprouting , and the farmer was proud to point out which ones were wheat or corn or watermelon or a dozen other crops .
calea was satisfied and turned back to watching their morning corn cakes cooking on the fire .
one night , they ate their evening meal in near silence until , when the corn and dried meat was gone , nyasha reached into her pack and drew out something wrapped in cloth .
i will make up a sleeping tincture , and i will send you up some strong corn liquor .
when we returned the next night , there was nothing to indicate it had ever been therenot a drink cup blowing along the shore , not a half eaten corn dog crawling with ants , not even a faded funhouse ticket torn in half .
margie is one of the telephone operators , pretty in a wholesome mid - western way , corn - flower blue eyes , corn - tassel blonde hair , off an iowa farm like himself and methodist too and inevitably hell end up by marrying her , which he does nt suspect at the time because of louise behind the flowers and whom he soon gets to know away from the flowers .
margie is one of the telephone operators , pretty in a wholesome mid - western way , corn - flower blue eyes , corn - tassel blonde hair , off an iowa farm like himself and methodist too and inevitably hell end up by marrying her , which he does nt suspect at the time because of louise behind the flowers and whom he soon gets to know away from the flowers .
she pulled a rickshaw , stacked with ears of corn .
better a missing arm than ground up and spread on a corn field , pam said .
now i am glad to have been born the land is kind , it gave us corn and grass for all our cows and sheep and you and i can soundly sleep .
raymond turned towards it , releasing a long sigh as a bat shot out from the stalks of corn , darting across the meandering river .
they stepped out suddenly to a small clearing in the field , where the stalks of corn had been flattened .
po let out another horrific scream and jumped back behind the stalks of corn .
` ` come on , '' abraham said , charging into the stalks of corn .
many of the ears of corn had gashes bit out of them .
a guy in ripped army fatigues and wisps of a white afro , smashed his tumor - covered skull hard into raymond 's chest , launching him into the corn stalks .
before letting sleep overcome him , raymond gave one last glance across the clearing in the corn over to abraham .
that the female is to submit to the cock and to flower with childrenwith male sonsuntil she is exhausted and disappears like the husk from the corn .
dalores now watching him , observing him , seeing but seeing more ... seeing through and beyondseeing with the eyes of her collective , of the corn as her communal gathering named itself , this same night seeing through and beyondpeering with franks body , not stopping at its edge , not just fondling him , sucking him , licking him , snuggling him ... not her most fondest of images and pleasures but here nursing him .. not now the milk but her roots , roots seeping into him , entangling him , wrapping themselves around his psyche like a coildevour them !
devouringon the edge of the group , circular , in the next to last circle of three , just being not - of - herself so that she could be of the group , a practice to lessen egotistic energyeach being a stalk of corn , just one so as to become many : roots , sharing rootage , what is not seen ... where the sun does not shine ! ... yet reaching up towards the common goal , the conscious goalto be sun - filled : to be son - filled , this the myth of the outside world , of the seen world , of what is ... they celebrate this worldcelebrate it in its forgetfulness of who they really are : roots .
wednesday , she should be home , as he checks the calendarquick deflation , she penciled in corn ... he knew he d eat alone , tonightagain .
this which the corn was meant to do .
her corn sisters dance a crying song : a rain dance loosing psychic rain , astral tears ... a grieving dance , grieving for the aloneness which does not have to be ... a dance of an earth without a heaven , sky but no heaventhey grieved for the sky .
chapter 29 it was just past the sixth month , the twenty - sixth week expiring as the vans drove up : small vans , personal , but carrying all that her corn sisters felt was worth transferring .
for the corn sisters the is was the crux of the matter .
escapeit was what had brought the corn together in the first place .
the corn is an embrace .
the corn was not unaware of every pitfall in every step which wanted to move towards a freedom : what does the slave know but enslavement ?
as he settles in , the bus grinds a gear , starts to rollhe knows : the corn is high in minnesota !
no remorse that the corn is no longer the corn .
no remorse that the corn is no longer the corn .
as they left to be with men againtime alone , time not aloneseveral maintained their relationships ... others left the state and the corn ... others only visited now and thenthose who talked , remembered the best and encouraged each other , no remorse .
janet : when with the corn we lived out all these mormons had to give .
the corn magical .
imagining not just the come , the spurt , the jerk and masturbatory ejaculation but the cascades of his presence , his potency , his intimacy ... wearing down time and space by having him intend so many , all at once , being faithful to everyone ... loving every aspect of them as femaleidentifying and confronting and cracking open all that floods from her in her many manifestations as shesthe corn sisters .
jokingly tagging himself and them water - boys , for it was at the various watering holes that he searched ... finding each other as males dohoisting beers at the bar ... in dens running off at the mouth during game intermissions ... laughing and farting in the gym , the sauna , the steam roommales need to be wetsucking it in ; placental ... so over time they just came together , as had the corn , so the water - boys .
coming into the house and mating with the corn .
it was a small , wiry thing with blond fur the colour of corn silk sticking up every which way as if it had been electrocuted .
patterson http : //cpap244.wix.com / silversheenchronicle www.thesilversheen.blogspot.com prologue the dead corn fields were the first warning sign .
caite exported corn , barley , wheat , oats and other agriculture products which were purchased from two groups within tessr , the government and the three brothers merchant company , a syndicate of merchants that spread through the country like an army of ants .
` ` he will not die as men die , but as the corn dies .
her hair was the color of yellow corn silk , her eyes triple colors of blue , silver , with an inner circle of light , if light had a single color .
corn country ! ''
if st . domingo had been a lush black earth for the african gods to grow in , this land , with its corn and its melons , its crawfish and its cotton , was barren and infertile .
wolf said , no , people will die , people must die , all things that live must die , or they will spread and cover the world , and eat all the salmon and the caribou and the buffalo , eat all the squash and all the corn .
the cat stalked away across the road , and vanished into a field of old unharvested corn .
you people came to america , you take our sugar cane , potatoes , and corn , then you sell us potato chips and caramel popcorn , and we 're the ones who get sick . ''
she looked at him with eyes the green of ripening corn .
maybe bubbles was near the corn dogs , maybe not , but that 's where drake was going .
he imagined what it would be like to chow down on a corn dog , cotton candy , and a huge coke .
` ` okay , '' drake said , through a mouthful of corn dog .
niobe had hated the smell of corn dogs for almost as long as she could remember .
barbarian days smelled like corn dogs , gamey turkey legs , cheap beer , sweat , and the occasional whiff of manure from an upwind feedlot .
it carries the faint scent of corn dogs and cotton candy .
i 'll make a nice big pot of soup and some corn bread .
i remembered her corn bread .
i let myself in and found tia in the kitchen , making homemade corn tortillas .
because it was as if the human race was a field of corn and magic helped the users grow just that bit taller , so that they stood out .
mainly it grows obedience like corn , which grows in rows and makes weeding easy .
around a fine stand of tall decorative klatchian corn , bean vines raised red and white blossoms towards the sun ; in between the bean rows , melons baked gently on the dusty soil .
good growing country , especially for corn .
not a remarkable one , really it was just a field with corn in it , except of course during the winter , when there were just pigeons and crows in it .
the corn still waved .
then , in the centre of the field , rustling as it bent , the young corn lay down .
her hair unraveled and reshaped itself , became corn blond .
beyond death 's garden were fields of corn , their golden sheen the only colour in the landscape .
the wind spun about so much that a weather- c*ck might as well be harnessed to grinding corn .
we have to buy corn and stuff from the traders that sail up the river .
' do n't think i do n't know where the corn goes .
` ` everything is- '' there was a bump as the boat grounded on the farther shore , where the bogles were as thick as standing corn .
she felt what it was like to be the breeze through green corn on a spring day , to ripen an apple , to make the salmon leap the rapids - the sensations came all at once and merged into one great big , glistening , golden - yellow feeling of summer ... ... that grew hotter .
' he 's on his way , ' said granny , the satisfaction in her voice so strong you could have ground corn with it .
no - one had ever explained to him how one made the sun come up and the river flood and the corn grow .
teg had last been seen sitting in a field , pulling up corn and giggling .
he shouldered his way through the press of people until he reached the riverbank and stood there in a thickening clump of corn .
' why 's there all corn sprouting out of it , too ? '
she looked at edwards , who resembled casper the friendly ghost or an uncooked corn dog , depending on the turn of his head .
because ... farinaceous means to do with corn , or flour , does n't it ?
we passed fields of wheat and corn , grazing cattle and beautiful horses , spring flowers and trees in bloom .
` ` you know , earth ... corn , peas , wheat ... breadbasket of the usa ? ''
i ' m reminded of those last few kernels that burst when prim and i pop corn over the fire at home .
lit windows , smoke from the chimneys , bunches of brightly colored corn affixed to the front doors as decoration for the upcoming harvest festival .
but he still spent about fifteen minutes talking about how they 'd opened a can of corn syrup from parcel day and each had a spoonful on bread and were going to maybe have more later in the week .
how much to just say , ` ` i have to quit these peas- , peas are no good for me , i better try corn or beans , '' ` ` a lo ) t , '' he said , wiping at the corners of his eyes again .
the shire had seldom seen so fair a summer , or so rich an autumn : the trees were laden with apples , honey was dripping in the combs , and the corn was tall and full .
after the darkness was overthrown the land of the entwives blossomed richly , and their fields were full of corn .
for the entwives were bent and browned by their labour ; their hair parched by the sun to the hue of ripe corn and their cheeks like red apples .
when spring is come to garth and field , and corn is in the blade ; when blossom like a shining snow is on the orchard laid ; when shower and sun upon the earth with fragrance fill the air , i 'll linger here , and will not come , because my land is fair .
where is the spring and the harvest and the tall corn growing ?
then the orcs screamed , waving spear and sword , and shooting a cloud of arrows at any that stood revealed upon the battlements ; and the men of the mark amazed looked out , as it seemed to them , upon a great field of dark corn , tossed by a tempest of war , and every ear glinted with barbed light .
but since sharkey came they do n't grind no more corn at all .
in the southfarthing the vines were laden , and the yield of ' leaf ' was astonishing ; and everywhere there was so much corn that at harvest every barn was stuffed .
picture a figure on horseback , moving slowly along a road that 's an inch deep in dust between fields of corn that already promise an unusually rich harvest .
the corn rippled far below , like the sea .
` ` never seen a man cut corn with a scythe before , '' said one of them .
corn 's corn . ''
corn 's corn . ''
ca n't do anything more than go up and down a field - '' ` ` - very fast - '' ` ` - cutting the corn like that and stripping the grain off - '' ` ` it 's done three rows already . ''
miss flitworth scuttled past him , bent double under a load of corn .
` ` it was wrong of me to delay you , just for a lot of corn . ''
let 's see ... something like ` ` corn be ripe , nuts be brown , petticoats up ... ` ` something . ''
but corn is not just corn .
but corn is not just corn .
people were more than corn .
... fields of corn , alive , whispering in the breeze ...
` ` he suggested i stop by the studio ... you 're in the corn building , are n't you ? ''
the corn building was just ahead now .
the four of them met in front of the corn building 's elderly revolving doors .
rosie thought of bill , walking her back to the corn building with his arm around her waist .
the sound grew steadily louder as she walked , and when she stepped out of the corn she saw the stream flowing past less than fifteen feet away .
it made her think of something else , as well , something which was light - years from gramma weeks 's kitchen with its faded linoleum and currier amp ; ives prints : of how she had felt when bill 's hip brushed against hers as they were walking back to the corn building .
before he left her in the lobby of the corn building ( rhoda and curt were sitting together on a bench by the elevator , gossiping like a couple of thieves ) , he held his hand out to her .
unconsciously , i ran my fingers through the fine , corn silk strands of hair and soon began weaving it into a braid similar to mine .
` ` and after this , i 'll take the cows to market , or the corn , or whatever we have to take to market ... at least until the bankers come an ' take the place out from under us . ''
corn and wine they brought , and they instructed men in the sowing of seed and the grinding of grain , in the hewing of wood and the shaping of stone , and in the ordering of their life , such as it might be in the lands of swift death and little bliss .
her ladyship has fields of wheat and corn and barley , all dying from the drought .
and , um , corn . ''
had the natives grown corn ?
before psyche was out of her fever they were back at our gates crying , ` ` corn , corn !
before psyche was out of her fever they were back at our gates crying , ` ` corn , corn !
d'you think i can make corn if the fields do n't bear it ? ''
but it brings no rain and grows no corn ; sacrifice does both .
sometimes even now the way she used to say this or that word comes back to me as warm and real as if she were beside me in the room - the softness of it , the richness as of corn grown from a deep soil .
but thirdly , that we were in no plight to take on a war with phars , nor even with argan 's party in phars ; the pestilence had killed too many of our young men and we still had almost no corn .
we had gone first into phars , where they harvest later than we , so that it was like having that piece of the year twice over ; we found what we had just left at home - the sound of the whetting , the singing of the reapers , the flats of stubble widening and the squares of standing corn diminishing , the piled wagons in the lanes , all the sweat and sunburn and merriment .
and this was fascinating , because , strictly speaking , his ancestors had been blamelessly engaged for centuries as upstanding corn and feed merchants and , moreover , were allergic to heights .
with his round , corn - fed face , apple cheeks and sandy blonde hair , he did nt seem the down - and - out type .
the vegetables were stewed cabbage , carrots , potatoes , corn and the fruits were to numerous to count .
when i was a little girl , i got lost in the corn fields .
and at the end of the term , they would be given a piece of land , some tools , a supply of corn and a new set of clothing .
it was not general knowledge that in virginia upon completing ones term , that one may or may not receive land as part of the freedom dues even though servants bound for virginia were promised land according to the custom of the country , or fifty acres according to custom , but in reality , it all depended on the generosity of the master and most indented servants received nothing but ten bushels of corn , thirty shillings and one musket worth twenty shillings and maybe a new set of clothing .
so far , it was a typical farm with a modest one and a half story brick house , several rustic outbuildings , a large kitchen and herb garden , a newly planted orchard of apple , cherry and peach trees and two dozen mulberry trees for the beginning of a silk producing operation , six acres of tobacco fields , one acre of corn and wheat , goats and chickens in the yard , pigs in the woods and a newly constructed stable with two magnificent horses .
abigail said , placing a pewter plate full of eggs , ham , and corn cakes in front of him .
they also stopped to drink cold fresh water from a small , swiftly running creek and to eat the leftover corn cakes from breakfast and fresh apples that mrs . chilcott had so thoughtfully packed for them .
the land was flat enough here that they could see nearly all the fields spread out on either side of them to the north and south , some fields that had been harvested already of corn and tobacco and other smaller fields of wheat and barley .
his plantation was one of the largest in the colony with significant tobacco , corn , wheat and barley fields , a small orchard , a middling kitchen garden and surprisingly , a small silk - producing operation .
once the men developed a taste for it , they would want more and more , and soon he would have a thriving business supplying everyone with his famous corn whiskey .
oh well , he would probably never get another drink of that fine corn whiskey ever again !
divine salamis , you will bring death to women 's sons when the corn is scattered , or the harvest gathered in .
by mid - october the fields of cotton , corn , and sugarcane were in harvest ; and in the lowlands paired buffalo strained to turn the crusted mud to readiness for broadcast sowing the grain crops of autumn : millet , wheat , and barley .
most of the able - bodied men seemed to be in the fields , leaving their womenunsmiling laborers in drab body - length wraps , a large marriage ring dangling from one nostrilto toil in the midday sun combing seeds from large stacks of cotton , shelling piles of small - eared corn , and boiling a dense brown liquid in wide iron pans .
he could not understand why the branco slaves who worked alongside the yoruba allowed themselves to be fed on boiled corn mush .
they all would have starved from inexperience had not the dutch helped them procure a band of arawak indians from surinam , who brought along seeds to grow plantains and corn , and cassava root for bread .
i ' ve lived on your corn mush an ' water for three years , till i ' m scarce able to stand .
` ` there 're enough supplies on those merchantmen , flour and dried corn , to feed the island for weeks .
in the evening stillness the faint stench of rotting corn husks wafted from a pile in which pigs rooted behind the indentures ' quarters , while the more pungent odor of human wastes emanated from the small vegetable patches farther back .
he 'd a far better head for books than cows or corn .
the price of corn went up , and that s the reason .
only after a fourth emperor was sworn in , did the famine abate , as we all waited anxiously for the arrival of the ships from the orient , loaded with wheat , barley , oats , corn and the relief for us all .
while feeding good people with corn , soybeans and wheat , he shares life with rabbits , groundhogs , raccoons , chipmunk and deer , flocks of wild turkeys both feathered and not , hawks , doves , vultures , and odd varieties of fish ( including pike ) occupying a small 38 acre lake adjoining their land .
when the tall corn rises , he fancies himself the tassel gone to pollen in the air .
that moment you find yourself in when talking with the animals or trying to insert yourself as an adverb among the corn stalks .
the effect is sudden and complete , like a scythe executing a corn stalk .
it was a hard patch of land , but on it , they managed to grow corn , raise chickens , and sustain a cow .
it turned out the island made a great fortress , with a high hill that would let them see miles out into lake huron , but the soil was too poor to grow corn .
the island that could nt raise corn does a better job raising summer tourists .
there was the sound of falling water in the background , trees on every side , a few small fields that had been planted in corn .
there is game aplenty and good farm land for corn .
they learned the region was rich in food , with tribes growing corn , beans , melons , and squash .
with large fields of corn and squash , they built their cabins and stayed in one place for much of the year , the perfect circumstances for missionaries who would have a stable congregation to preach to .
they had a small crop of corn in the ground before the end of june .
the crop sold , but days before a large boat had come down the river filled with wheat and corn .
between 1721 and 1724 the price of corn drops over fifty percent .
then she proceeded to stuff him with chicken and dumplings , maple carrots , pickled pears , stewed fruit , butterbeans , two kinds of pickles , warm apple crisp , corn bread , fresh greens with hot bacon dressing and real coffee with real cream .
emma heated a cast iron skillet , and filled it with dried field corn .
she stirred the corn , warming it well in the hot pan .
these she thought of as equally troublesome as the ones who drank too much corn liquor .
a mild wind carried the strong scent of wheat and corn over the valley .
robertson stayed at the watauga old fields and planted a corn crop , while daniel boone continued on to kentucky .
everybody wants their corn ground into meal for the winter .
tom had finished gathering the crops by the middle of august and was now clearing the field of corn stalks and such , so they would be ready for next season .
the vines and corn stalks had all been cut and cleared away .
the corn stalks would be used to feed the cattle .
the hogs ate whatever corn had been unusable , and of course anything that was leftover from the table .
i ve got the water hauled for the corn , and i collected the eggs .
the last of the corn was in , and samuel had pulled up the stalks of the small patch of flax that polly wanted to experiment with , and hung them to dry .
the migrating birds frequented small clearings in several places along the shoreline , and he d learned that a deep , narrow trench , supplied liberally with cracked corn or breadcrumbs , would attract a quantity of geese .
we ve stone to pick out of the corn field before he can hazard the plow in it .
we have cows and pigs and we raise hay and some corn .
there was also canned corn from the last season .
near dusk , marjorie prepared a meal of canned meat , beans , and corn bread which she carried around and served to the men on guard .
for the next ten minutes we walked in silence , through the surrounding corn fields and then all of a sudden the air erupted in the sound of bullets once more .
the stalks of the corn were our only immediate answer for protection .
i did as i was told and crawled my way through the damaged corn field , mixed with torn off limbs and dead bodies until i finally reached him .
the recruits tumbled out of their tents at daybreak , ate a quick breakfast of salted mutton and corn bread , and spent two hours doing squad drill .
they also get a whiff of pine , moss , and rotting leaves as they trudge through the woods , but another smell , a pleasant aroma touches their noses , - the scent of ripened corn .
just beyond the oak , elm , pine , and hickory they find a sun - dried patch of farmland covered with tall stalks of yankee corn .
field corn as the southern boys call it .
the soft , sweet , roasting ears of spring have already changed in to ears of hard , dry corn of summer .
presently , however , the soldiers of the south do not care how hard the corn has become .
the corn is hard to chew , but the confederates are famished , they have been subsisting on scant rations for days .
the union forces open fire the bullets whizz over robert and the heads of his two boys and plow through the dried stalks of corn .
the yankee mini - balls crashing through the corn have an eerie sound , and the ones flying close to their heads has a whine as though bees were passing by .
as both girls , scared and trembling , run to the safety of the house , lizzie drops her corn shuck doll to the ground .
its bothersome , just last night we talked to a fellow recently captured , he said a while back he was in richmond and corn was selling for fifty dollars a bushel ; flour was four hundred dollars a barrel ; pork was five dollars a pound ; beef three dollars a pound ; potatoes forty - five dollars a bushel .
you fellers usin them parched corn kernels fer coffee ?
luke suggests they wait out the winter , when the spring thaw arrives they will prepare enough land to plant vegetables , corn and enough hay for horse feed .
sary , asks malinda , what about corn ?
is it too early to plant corn ?
jethro speaks up first , mast ... uh , luke , we wo nt have no trouble grindin corn ner flour and makin the mill work , but luke you knows neither me , rube nor danl do nt have nuff learnin to do that figurin end of the business .
shore nuff , in fact , yer brother william and sister elizabeth came upstream with a man that had a whole boatload of corn he wants to have ground in to cornmeal .
he s still tied up on the bank a bit downstream , says he come a long way to get his corn ground and now do nt know xactly what he s to do .
chapter fifty - one the other president may 1865 , luke figures by autumn corn will arrive by the wagonload to be ground in to cornmeal .
they grind corn into cornmeal from sunup to sundown .
a large field of corn gives every indication it can be harvested any day now .
supper is finishing as luke speaks to sary , would you mind putting sam and nate a plate in the oven they ll be home soon as they finish up with that last load of corn .
it seems everyone in the valley has corn to grind .
after the shotgun became useless they trapped , and raised a small parcel of corn from the corn kernels that she had picked up from the spot where the yankees corralled their horses .
after the shotgun became useless they trapped , and raised a small parcel of corn from the corn kernels that she had picked up from the spot where the yankees corralled their horses .
the illinois were already successful farmers on some of the planets best soil , so the french farmers joined and soon there was wheat and corn for export down the river to new orleans .
1738 they head southwest for the missouri river and stay with the mandans , at that time a tribe of 15,000 ( smallpox would take that number down to 150 within a century ) living in settled villages based largely on corn cultivation and buffalo hunts .
by now i would have given my soul to have a conversation about corn .
you gave us blankets , we gave you corn and later wheat .
more pelts , more corn .
they sired generations and neighbors often went hunting for them , coming back with wild pigs that had a different taste from those raised on corn and mush .
he was by himself , pulling the weeds from our small field of corn .
yes to both , he stated as he strode to another row of corn , leaving me behind .
they took so much work with the pork filling in red chile sauce manipulated to perfection and then the corn gruel knocked into submission before being smoothed over onto corn leaves .
they took so much work with the pork filling in red chile sauce manipulated to perfection and then the corn gruel knocked into submission before being smoothed over onto corn leaves .
every day i d go through the rows and rows of corn , making sure they were doing fine .
when she was a child , he d take her to the corn fields .
on this particular day , she was wearing a white crepe concoction trimmed with autumn corn .
he took a boat load of corn and squash to new orleans .
he liked the buffalo herds , and all the other game , and the corn fields , and the local tribes .
the illinois bands grew corn , beans , and squash for as long as anyone can remember .
at some point the area around kaskaskia goes from growing enough corn and beans to feed themselves , to growing enough for export .
digging in with sticks to plant corn kernels is unbelievably hard .
rather than cut the same number of holes she had with a stick , she used the same number of days for planting and ended up with three times the number of corn plants .
within a year the village had lots of extra corn .
the canoes of the time were pretty large five or six meters but by the time you put people in them , the cargo space is pretty restricted , too restricted for a cargo like corn where you need large quantities to have anything worth paddling all the way down the river .
it took a generation to get those river boats right , but claude bought one of the first boats and that is what he took to new orleans with his corn .
they poled up to baton rouge and sold the corn and beans there .
then there was a tariff on corn ?
that s how long it took the local entrepreneurs to determine what they could sell to claude that would equal the price of the corn , and for the local farmers to produce other crops that would be good alternatives to corn like rice .
that s how long it took the local entrepreneurs to determine what they could sell to claude that would equal the price of the corn , and for the local farmers to produce other crops that would be good alternatives to corn like rice .
trade in corn and squash had become trade in so many things that two colonies had become one country .
the first time he took corn down the river he practically saved them from starvation .
they learned to work in the fields and plant corn , beans and tobacco .
this day he was weary from two straight months in the fields trying to salvage what they could from the corn and bean fields .
they were able to save most of the corn and some of the beans , but the hot sun , with little rain , assured them of no tobacco or even pumpkins in the fall .
the years had gone by with success in growing fields of corn and beans , but now things had changed in the skies .
the women of the village had prepared a great feast of wild game , poultry and corn .
the indians were in a crucial time of the harvest , and welcomed the extra help in their small corn and bean fields .
little corn and beans were yielded in the previous year , so there was little seed to begin this year .
natchitos hurried behind his anxious son and followed him into the corn fields .
indeed , the corn had begun to sprout .
but the corn had grown to about two feet by then .
late one afternoon , tooantuh ran up the slopes to take a look at the corn fields .
all the corn had wilted and fell to the ground and was covered with dust and dried mud .
there stood tooantuh , holding a wilted corn stalk that he had uprooted .
he d wash his face and hands in the basin , then say a blessing before they broke their fast with either white pot , custard made of baked eggs and milk , or samp , cracked corn mush .
that looks like samp , the corn mush we ate in the seventeenth century .
his brother 's reports of cheap , fertile land , of good markets for corn and beef and pork , of seemingly unlimited opportunities along the frontier , had been a strong catalyst in helping him decide to let go of the old and reach out for the new .
* * * the steaming coffee was generously laced with corn liquor .
` ` last fall the man who owned this place broke a hip at harvest time , and he sent word to me that he needed some help getting his crop of corn and tobacco in , or it would end up rotting in the fields .
the crop had been his first priority when he bought the farm , and much of his first two months had been spent planting and tending the fields of corn , beans , wheat , and hay .
the corn was knee - high already , and thus far this spring the rains could not have been more perfectly spaced if jason himself had been granted the power to control them .
beyond the house and barn were the family 's meager crops of corn and barley .
they had danced together until their legs were rubbery with fatigue , and the frequent nips of corn whiskey that he had sneaked outside to sample with his friends had only served to enhance his high spirits .
apparently , brown had ordered that his own crops of wheat and corn be put to the torch to provide light for the battle .
finally the corn begins to ripen in large quantities and the small army can move .
the first stop , the one everyone is grateful for , is st . ignace , the village created by father marquette when it was discovered the soil at mackinac island was too poor to grow corn .
having arrived home during the first week of december , he had missed the harvest , a backbreaking three to five - week process , depending on the extent of the crops of corn and tomatoes .
the still standing field of corn looked out of place .
many of its stalks were withered ; a few had fallen to the ground under the weight of the unpicked cobs of corn .
mrs . pierson and patty pushed on a wagon overflowing with corn picked that day , its wheels mired in mud .
he always was the first one to get his corn picked and into the barn .
she stopped walking and stared at the rows of corn that they had spent all morning and the first of the afternoon harvesting .
mrs . pierson did not stop urging the hungry , exhausted horses until they had pulled the load of corn into the barn .
the hogs got out and are eating up all the corn !
the errant pigs watched the pitchfork land to their right and returned to swallowing the juicy baby ears of corn .
it ai nt been this hot since the year the corn popped into popcorn while it was still on the stalks .
the fifty - five year old man danced from foot to foot as he juggled corn on the cob that would blister his fingers if held too long .
stanley and clara had billy blow on their hot buttered corn on the cob until it cooled .
as mister dalton reads , i write : one ton coal ten barrels , pickled beef ten barrels , salted fish twenty sacks , corn meal three casks , rum eight barrels , ale five barrels , apples one crate , coffee three crates , tea twenty sacks , flour two crates , pipe tobacco five baskets , eggs one barrel , salt six barrels , sugar three barrels , molasses two four - pound tins , pepper mister dalton and i spend two and a half hours putting down the list of supplies , and i fill about half the journal .
he loved to watch the corn grow ; it grew so fast in the hot summer months .
there were some things that he had seen before including several kinds of vegetables , corn , beans and orchards of apples , peaches and plums .
the pumpkins in the corn field are nearly ripe as well .
as they were enjoying some fruit and corn bread dillon said , janie , i m very fond of you .
it was as simple as leading a duck into a trap with a trail of corn ; show them a war , and they 'd go , and not wonder what were his reasons for it , or why he wanted them to fight .
behind them , they left a trampled path ; that corn would never come to harvest , though on either side the intact stalks sprang back .
from time to time they could see a whirl of corn ears where one of the dogs was pushing through .
he 'd thought having slingers would make life easier for the new plebeian drafts - farmers and their boys who used slingshot to scare the birds off the new sown corn , to drive the boars and deer out of the fields ; city lads who 'd used a sling to hunt pigeons for the pot .
up here ; this was real etruria , a land golden with sunshine and corn , and even at this early season the sky was cloudless , and though the air was chill , he was warm where the sun fell on his shoulders .
she paused to form a corn cake .
she saved most of the corn by tying the sacks on the backs of the stock , and sending clay and albert to the hills with the animals .
course , there s corn pone , and we have milk , but there ai nt no real coffee , just roasted chicory .
how long did it take you to send the boys off up the mountain with the corn ?
albert , you d best get to shelling the corn .
he raided the cook shack for a handful of dried meat strips and a few hard corn dodgers .
well , special , if you count honey drizzled on corn cakes as special .
the bland corn cake reminded her of all such dry mouthfuls she 'd endured in the years since lincoln 's northern soldiers had come marching into virginia .
eventually , the honey helped ease the ground corn down her throat , but she hoped pa would trade a beef cow or two with mr . bates for wheat after harvest time .
and there were pickled beets , pickled corn , and spiced tomatoes .
the corn was bout five , six feet high , an very thick ; they hunted round considerable , an come very near us but did nt find us .
after they had loaded up the wagon with flour , corn meal , beans , bacon , and several quilts , emma guided the wagon north up bain street toward the river bottoms and old commerce .
prudence wept as she was given a side of bacon , some corn meal , and a basket of beans .
we ware haulin a load o corn an loomber , an the lighter hit a snag an split right in two .
such are the seeds of the different kinds of grain : of wheat and corn .
the corn fields adorned both sides of the road like a princess 's long golden curls down each side of her face .
before she could get herself hidden between a couple rows of corn , the car slowed as it pulled up to where she was .
chicken , garden salad , grilled vegetables , corn on the cob , new potatoes , strawberry shortcake with fresh strawberries , and , of course , sub - par egg salad sandwiches .
` ` why not ride the rides , play the games , enjoy a corn dog ? ''
` ` corn dogs are good , '' he drooled .
-- 30 -- - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 -- 30 -- 971 the 491 a 477 and 355 he 338 of 272 to 261 his 225 in 209 was 158 it 133 her 130 i 129 on 122 she 112 you 82 said 81 from 78 him 77 that 76 at 71 with 67 into 62 for 61 as 58 this 55 like 54 had 51 were 46 an 45 me 44 one 43 what 43 be 40 not 39 or 37 by 37 all 37 if 36 its 36 my 36 when 35 so 34 there 34 they 33 did n't 32 but 30 i ' m 30 he 'd 29 is 28 no 28 them 28 over 27 then 27 through 26 about 26 do n't 26 went 26 your 26 their 25 too 23 are 23 did 23 know 23 until 22 up 21 coyote 21 we 21 it 's 21 been 20 two 20 how 20 head 19 way 19 eyes 19 was n't 19 you 're 19 light 19 only 19 hand 18 would 18 who 18 more 18 here 18 against 18 why 17 think 17 could 17 after 17 back 17 where 17 some 17 den 16 down 16 away 16 could n't 16 made 16 out 16 around 15 have 15 voice 15 much 15 left 15 got 14 can 14 off 14 get 14 black 14 came 14 module 14 sat 14 thought 14 other 14 yeah 14 do 14 days 14 thing 13 fuck 13 few 13 that 's 13 red 13 fire 13 sky 13 mouth 13 those 13 three 13 there 's 13 good 13 glass 13 himself 13 ground 13 man 13 across 13 lay 12 eye 12 hatch 12 dark 12 inside 12 enough 11 go 11 something 11 family 11 own 11 face 11 home 11 took 11 water 11 sure 11 again 11 horn 11 heard 11 blood 11 gun 11 far 11 minutes 10 people 10 even 10 hell 10 open 10 say 10 hands 10 end 10 father 10 most 10 upon 10 last 10 make 10 day 10 rifle 10 now 10 while 10 see 9 gone 9 really 9 white 9 old 9 oh 9 many 9 every 9 cold 9 long 9 several 9 site 9 let 9 trees 9 probably 9 come 9 next 9 cameras 9 another 9 watched 9 crazy 9 guy 9 story 9 being 9 once 9 walked 9 side 9 anything 9 she 'd 9 team 8 going 8 bit 8 nothing 8 earth 8 everything 8 ants 8 during 8 right 8 hair 8 near 8 kept 8 shit 8 under 8 rock 8 than 8 just 8 shadow 8 among 8 look 8 part 8 moon 8 since 8 friend 8 coyotes 8 floor 8 canteen 8 dirt 8 bottle 8 door 8 spent 8 bushes 7 video 7 things 7 told 7 watch 7 hours 7 darkness 7 call 7 area 7 cheek 7 sitting 7 dead 7 maybe 7 happened 7 thick 7 monitor 7 started 7 shadows 7 work 7 full 7 any 7 3 7 hat 7 mountains 7 still 7 seen 7 very 7 bear 7 least 7 else 7 i ' ve 7 mind 7 except 7 lost 7 well 7 because 7 stood 7 world 7 hard 7 called 7 camp 7 shot 7 fear 7 field 7 night 7 time 7 either 7 throat 7 began 7 along 7 before 7 place 7 first 6 wild 6 flesh 6 hear 6 should 6 rocks 6 better 6 set 6 real 6 tree 6 fingers 6 behind 6 knife 6 feet 6 dream 6 morning 6 interior 6 god 6 moment 6 beyond 6 helicopter 6 later 6 trail 6 lived 6 where 's 6 fucking 6 sense 6 belt 6 chair 6 might 6 someone 6 would ' ve 6 half 6 bush 6 wall 6 i 'll 6 skull 6 stuck 6 devil 6 almost 6 film 6 spam 6 feed 6 looked 6 wasps 6 wanted 6 soft 6 drank 6 take 6 fell 6 wore 6 these 6 glasses 6 lot 6 nearby 6 remained 6 saw 5 gray 5 resembled 5 keep 5 although 5 boy 5 anyway 5 want 5 we 'll 5 dog 5 listening 5 he 's 5 dreamed 5 they 'd 5 little 5 we 're 5 animal 5 distance 5 built 5 great 5 without 5 leaves 5 footage 5 legs 5 kind 5 smoke 5 whole 5 lying 5 actually 5 dry 5 stars 5 hq 5 weeks 5 chairs 5 deep 5 sun 5 six 5 toward 5 died 5 free 5 big 5 tracks 5 toshi 5 yet 5 brush 5 put 5 hundred 5 course 5 ever 5 okay 5 hung 5 within 5 worth 5 covered 5 none 5 followed 5 empty 5 laughed 5 carried 5 animals 5 sound 5 found 5 jerk 5 locked 5 edge 5 computer 5 afraid 5 human 5 ca n't 5 closed 5 turned 5 tell 5 name 5 sleeping 5 clouds 5 years 5 pair 5 help 4 twenty 4 cracked 4 farther 4 naked 4 ran 4 south 4 afternoon 4 ear 4 occasionally 4 killing 4 stone 4 em 4 men 4 seconds 4 job 4 need 4 cup 4 froze 4 dragged 4 shut 4 wondered 4 twisted 4 doing 4 wood 4 hot 4 ranchers 4 smell 4 late 4 tapes 4 cult 4 whatever 4 bag 4 surprised 4 lips 4 fast 4 arm 4 supervisor 4 damned 4 ago 4 alone 4 pit 4 months 4 stared 4 poured 4 crows 4 understand 4 had n't 4 passed 4 getting 4 couple 4 gathered 4 pilot 4 breeze 4 feel 4 bleeker 4 thinking 4 heart 4 stumbled 4 second 4 pretty 4 telling 4 nose 4 drawn 4 ten 4 sweet 4 thousands 4 wind 4 nice 4 were n't 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 smashed 4 ring 4 decided 4 felt 4 hour 4 dim 4 you ' ve 4 raised 4 missing 4 between 4 tommy 4 though 4 rabies 4 appeared 4 tongue 4 have n't 4 myself 4 shoulder 4 asked 4 puppy 4 got ta 4 freaks 4 meant 4 form 4 baby 4 dust 4 vanished 4 scratched 4 yes 4 are n't 4 waited 4 which 4 buck 4 small 4 meters 4 coming 4 school 4 finally 4 cave 4 falling 4 heavy 4 you 'll 4 hills 4 phone 4 showed 4 probe 4 sunset 4 looking 4 carry 4 us 4 belly 4 brought 4 scope 4 brain 4 bet 4 range 4 ridge 4 moved 4 times 4 entrance 4 room 4 high 3 dropped 3 nearest 3 activity 3 birds 3 presence 3 type 3 worked 3 ended 3 death 3 situation 3 appropriate 3 beard 3 certain 3 bunch 3 breath 3 drunk 3 rose 3 grounds 3 thigh 3 person 3 green 3 yellow 3 vast 3 slipped 3 working 3 threw 3 dug 3 eventually 3 rendered 3 vista 3 eating 3 might ' ve 3 bobcat 3 huge 3 mostly 3 poitier 3 whoever 3 bottom 3 scotch 3 faint 3 plain 3 jar 3 foot 3 gets 3 pressed 3 today 3 howled 3 designed 3 tb 3 hawk 3 ears 3 booze 3 sick 3 pack 3 experience 3 entire 3 plastic 3 listened 3 sea 3 recording 3 csi 3 expected 3 never 3 habitat 3 roots 3 action 3 woke 3 basin 3 month 3 shacks 3 watching 3 snapping 3 model 3 static 3 tightened 3 fist 3 billy 3 flip 3 case 3 bloody 3 together 3 chopper 3 original 3 bob 3 touched 3 crawled 3 wound 3 traps 3 past 3 gave 3 run 3 our 3 farm 3 large 3 removed 3 neck 3 sierras 3 central 3 smiled 3 image 3 b5 3 sorry 3 data 3 tranquilizer 3 chest 3 juniper 3 love 3 horror 3 briefing 3 feeling 3 army 3 mix 3 thanks 3 each 3 count 3 bone 3 navigating 3 piss 3 pieces 3 money 3 testing 3 forward 3 bird 3 peanut 3 bugs 3 we ' ve 3 sprawled 3 thousand 3 happen 3 ugly 3 stalking 3 flight 3 fact 3 cause 3 fucked 3 acrid 3 blind 3 recall 3 became 3 sniffing 3 handle 3 equipment 3 wilderness 3 west 3 lemonade 3 cleared 3 state 3 knuckles 3 less 3 insects 3 whiskey 3 hit 3 branches 3 leather 3 worry 3 hanging 3 chewed 3 fabric 3 ragged 3 friends 3 regarded 3 music 3 broke 3 playing 3 space 3 likely 3 wedged 3 scuttled 3 settled 3 break 3 sounded 3 must 3 seemed 3 body 3 single 3 beans 3 pocket 3 compartment 3 digging 3 kids 3 stag 3 dunno 3 crates 3 hurt 3 wooden 3 toilet 3 spoon 3 stir 3 alive 3 crash 3 write 3 dressed 3 broken 3 reports 3 cot 3 weird 3 walking 3 train 3 strange 3 leaned 3 idea 3 slightly 3 air 3 shook 3 scores 3 used 3 true 3 beneath 3 remote 3 walls 3 different 3 believe 3 quickly 3 moving 3 creepy 3 change 3 clicked 3 remember 3 glowed 3 anarchists 3 event 3 best 3 tape 3 machine 3 lungs 3 sort 3 kilometers 3 low 3 realized 3 held 3 clear 3 cigarette 3 pain 3 circled 3 stepped 3 such 3 shape 3 evil 3 yard 3 deer 3 sexy 3 cell 3 five 3 closer 3 ranch 3 dying 3 core 3 mud 3 cloud 3 guys 3 hunter 3 acid 3 short 3 grabbed 3 sister 3 needles 3 butter 3 hips 3 returned 3 grinned 3 perhaps 3 above 3 keyboard 3 thin 3 consciousness 2 mighty 2 belonged 2 threshold 2 motionless 2 super 2 silly 2 knew 2 favorite 2 project 2 lonely 2 check 2 cow 2 revenge 2 wo n't 2 partially 2 top 2 fuckers 2 local 2 musk 2 directly 2 alaska 2 jagged 2 1 2 hawks 2 hive 2 government 2 cooked 2 fresh 2 serious 2 trickled 2 bar 2 fine 2 taught 2 supply 2 boot 2 poor 2 expanse 2 spend 2 already 2 cracks 2 saying 2 forensics 2 jars 2 gig 2 stroked 2 position 2 twinkled 2 table 2 caps 2 nest 2 curled 2 crater 2 shorts 2 dissolved 2 house 2 detail 2 wiring 2 smacked 2 met 2 positioned 2 denial 2 sage 2 referred 2 research 2 lunch 2 center 2 bring 2 relentless 2 monitors 2 arrived 2 cabinet 2 infrared 2 mom 2 power 2 blocked 2 tears 2 witnessed 2 samples 2 they 'll 2 girl 2 flick 2 rex 2 abruptly 2 wet 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 let 's 2 crackers 2 third 2 preceding 2 wrote 2 buses 2 religious 2 shock 2 bad 2 clamped 2 ashes 2 below 2 haunted 2 batteries 2 speak 2 stirred 2 closely 2 scrub 2 boulders 2 landscape 2 wreck 2 vaquero 2 whined 2 tad 2 extended 2 die 2 jumpsuit 2 shannon 2 freakin ' 2 spirits 2 post 2 tail 2 opposite 2 four 2 jessica 2 fanned 2 honey 2 horses 2 billings 2 beast 2 weak 2 region 2 grass 2 luck 2 prairie 2 joint 2 deadly 2 aura 2 hill 2 rotten 2 main 2 gibbered 2 temple 2 blue 2 tear 2 advice 2 harsh 2 jealous 2 cage 2 twitched 2 meal 2 fat 2 life 2 talking 2 lange 2 system 2 college 2 wilds 2 wrong 2 stand 2 pushed 2 copse 2 risk 2 cattle 2 heat 2 tweed 2 beside 2 flashlight 2 match 2 boulder 2 rabbits 2 mounds 2 bitch 2 fires 2 surface 2 phantom 2 gore 2 smoked 2 picked 2 kinda 2 security 2 b6 2 hamburger 2 metal 2 feeds 2 containing 2 turn 2 specimen 2 split 2 answer 2 oil 2 harder 2 regained 2 inches 2 move 2 earlier 2 civilization 2 signs 2 brother 2 aside 2 frame 2 crouched 2 nerve 2 grab 2 mice 2 revealed 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 bed 2 literally 2 movie 2 soon 2 legend 2 chemical 2 theory 2 separated 2 accepting 2 canyons 2 beautiful 2 become 2 vicinity 2 department 2 elements 2 entering 2 supplies 2 awake 2 woman 2 pilot 's 2 aware 2 driver 2 narrow 2 prints 2 following 2 fed 2 lullaby 2 hideous 2 paranoia 2 gleamed 2 breathing 2 opportunity 2 d 2 victims 2 impressions 2 canyon 2 terror 2 stories 2 itched 2 lens 2 pal 2 boots 2 outta 2 tripped 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 finger 2 pillow 2 screamed 2 forty - five 2 parks 2 wish 2 circuit 2 geologist 2 attention 2 ornery 2 horrors 2 changed 2 crept 2 close 2 hidden 2 sloping 2 find 2 brief 2 estimated 2 year 2 ripe 2 considered 2 muscles 2 dahl 2 storm 2 fluttered 2 entrances 2 foul 2 nights 2 tonight 2 witch 2 cover 2 will 2 rain 2 wrist 2 hunters 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 stayed 2 starring 2 rim 2 problem 2 coughed 2 campsite 2 caked 2 warm 2 i 'd 2 blurry 2 worming 2 hunting 2 screen 2 cries 2 torpid 2 converted 2 removing 2 rode 2 flat 2 tired 2 mountain 2 flank 2 file 2 fly 2 family 's 2 horizon 2 fixed 2 accent 2 paper 2 vision 2 slice 2 thus 2 lately 2 csis 2 bits 2 bright 2 asleep 2 named 2 company 2 burning 2 scraped 2 shoulders 2 others 2 slept 2 carcass 2 sent 2 movies 2 property 2 sector 2 crawl 2 scuffed 2 scorched 2 shade 2 gon na 2 handed 2 vaguely 2 clothes 2 woods 2 separate 2 flickered 2 testament 2 parts 2 truth 2 lawn 2 struck 2 acceptable 2 sighed 2 somebody 2 flipping 2 filtered 2 rapidly 2 aspirin 2 stowed 2 disappeared 2 burrowed 2 rounds 2 buttons 2 older 2 buzzing 2 kidding 2 could ' ve 2 asshole 2 taking 2 consider 2 jaw 2 tractor 2 weapon 2 funny 2 eleven 2 checking 2 glanced 2 enemies 2 hole 2 ridges 2 faded 2 toggled 2 scratching 2 occurred 2 pulled 2 knocking 2 boys 2 what 's 2 mounting 2 petrified 2 cheep 2 propped 2 view 2 always 2 touch 2 forest 2 dude 2 leaked 2 suffered 2 fractured 2 leg - hold 2 toe 2 loved 2 led 2 stream 2 smug 2 muttering 2 ready 2 worse 2 denver 2 processing 2 trip 2 track 2 lair 2 guttural 2 padded 2 catsup 2 soldering 2 pool 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 is n't 2 done 2 wife 2 corner 2 screwed 2 preened 2 nightmares 2 abandoned 2 early 2 murder 2 mother 2 broad 2 panties 2 longer 2 traveled 2 give 2 creeping 2 gaze 2 figure 2 spears 2 ribs 2 scare 2 parcel 2 grime 2 scared 2 lab 2 reached 2 goodbye 2 attached 2 trained 2 immediate 2 seattle 2 useless 2 lighting 2 mounted 2 perimeter 2 moisture 2 lurked 2 spill 2 drunken 2 cassettes 2 alder 2 trap 2 also 2 scents 2 hee 2 coat 2 color 2 cubicle 2 sandal 2 chafed 2 instead 2 exposed 2 staring 2 glow 2 cut 2 evidence 2 easy 2 rise 2 dialed 2 ruined 2 rolling 2 device 2 camera 2 baked 2 hammock- 2 try 2 wings 2 stealthy 2 somebody 's 2 courage 2 chuckled 2 photographs 2 ancient 2 flipped 2 forth 2 drove 2 joined 2 dome 2 ghostly 2 floated 2 would n't 2 teeth 2 sang 2 ventured 2 bitter 2 senses 2 stepmom 2 reason 2 buddy 2 apart 2 leave 2 size 2 stretched 2 tin 2 town 2 winked 2 blank 2 acting 2 liar 2 completely 2 pathetic 2 safety 2 gold 2 waterproof 2 week 2 despite 2 buried 2 pine 2 eighteen 2 you 'd 2 lank 2 fellow 2 burn 2 latest 2 mean 2 via 2 kit 2 stick 2 leaped 2 surveillance 2 brown 2 curiosity 2 drop 2 retirement 2 stupid 2 spying 2 kilometer 2 party 2 counter 2 perspective 2 kiss 2 trying 2 badass 2 rotor 2 bullshit 2 picture 2 scene 2 play 2 noise 1 cope 1 infamous 1 orbited 1 descended 1 acreage 1 proven 1 aid 1 beats 1 awakened 1 dwelling 1 compartments 1 taken 1 edgy - she 1 scab 1 retching 1 obviously 1 campfire 1 cock 1 married 1 bering 1 shrapnel 1 cowboys 1 counted 1 experts 1 cozy 1 clang 1 practical 1 matters 1 corn 1 sinewy 1 previous 1 sacrificing 1 verified 1 inserting 1 dancing 1 synthetic 1 steadily 1 insight 1 studied 1 fauna 1 jiffy 1 1969 1 ol ' 1 board 1 photograph 1 exercise 1 discretion 1 figures 1 land 1 lights 1 chopped 1 breast 1 pasty 1 tissues 1 lucid 1 comprehended 1 arc 1 pinto 1 urban 1 festivals 1 mentally 1 wriggled 1 swings 1 shouted 1 half - hour 1 mild 1 chip 1 druids 1 reckon 1 trigger 1 warped 1 fiercely 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 observer 1 swarm 1 flooded 1 endings 1 rivers 1 magazine 1 dodging 1 bitches 1 showers 1 cackling 1 tumblers 1 cecidostiba 1 note 1 bellowed 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 conducting 1 slung 1 breeches 1 everyone 1 tables 1 matter 1 coals 1 invited 1 tinted 1 braincase 1 stifled 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 quart 1 identify 1 sleazy 1 loooved 1 ashamed 1 splitting 1 owls 1 environs 1 sink 1 depths 1 toilets 1 disquieting 1 readily 1 squatted 1 mosquito 1 ice - locked 1 hacked 1 amount 1 thrush 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 farts 1 s3 1 coats 1 radio 's 1 roald 1 woodsmen 1 impassive 1 lack 1 gallons 1 roved 1 steppes 1 zeroed 1 famous 1 ajar 1 immediately 1 trespassed 1 holy 1 gummed 1 plane 1 limped 1 mundane 1 danced 1 exacerbated 1 operative 1 ex 1 sizzle 1 return 1 intervals 1 selected 1 handling 1 antenna 1 beasley 1 mite 1 mention 1 liquid 1 precious 1 quarry 1 heads 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 reconcile 1 products 1 stirring 1 hunted 1 explicit 1 yours 1 thorn 1 snuffed 1 obstacle 1 interest 1 roared 1 inordinately 1 probational 1 bulldozed 1 sickos 1 resorted 1 anymore 1 panel 1 surprise 1 matted 1 bleary 1 incoherent 1 occulted 1 screened 1 meanwhile 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 microwave 1 build 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 mound 1 crowd - and 1 backpack 1 hip 1 matting 1 poisoned 1 horse 1 arms 1 slabs 1 climbing 1 treating 1 pile 1 ex - rugby 1 unclear 1 evening 1 esophagus 1 fritz 1 word 1 goon 1 tickled 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 holding 1 hissed 1 deal 1 city 1 gospel 1 repressed 1 thickest 1 personal 1 shell 1 ranch - nor 1 punish 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 soda 1 solitaire 1 hesitation 1 pre - tended 1 backpacks 1 hated 1 strangeness 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 mossy 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 rage 1 knee 1 line 1 whenever 1 shout 1 disrespect 1 twenty - four - hour 1 fled 1 atrocities 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 b 1 timbre 1 paralyzed 1 lapse 1 partner 1 wonderful 1 spat 1 biology 1 luggage 1 helpless 1 impossibly 1 horns 1 country 1 poison 1 sports 1 obvious 1 torch 1 wire 1 retrieval 1 boar 1 agent 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 stained 1 david 1 visors 1 realizing 1 tomahawk 1 tooth 1 wonder 1 bizarrely 1 does 1 organic 1 vents 1 outside 1 nice - a 1 cultists 1 swooped 1 process 1 speculate 1 blasted 1 rapture 1 passive 1 young 1 combing 1 burial 1 keith 1 hideout 1 penetrated 1 offline 1 spiked 1 reflexively 1 laugh 1 powered 1 black - the 1 mellow 1 perfect 1 mat - ter 1 boonies 1 viewports 1 tale 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 indicated 1 drifted 1 birth 1 wiped 1 sickens 1 dwell 1 documents 1 both 1 sign - and 1 breastbone 1 lectured 1 overcome 1 lighted 1 intercom 1 decisions 1 sneered 1 male 1 inexorably 1 tearful 1 forbidden 1 spied 1 prior 1 resupply 1 obliterate 1 property - their 1 bore 1 summers 1 debacle 1 plotted 1 knocks 1 drinking 1 located 1 pass 1 slab 1 plowed 1 jeep 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 swiftly 1 chorus 1 half - kilometer 1 speaking 1 forgetting 1 gnats 1 total 1 grip 1 elaborateness 1 zoomed 1 excitement 1 flares 1 mine 1 bogeymen 1 ambled 1 object 1 add 1 existence 1 pinch 1 tv 1 including 1 control 1 trotted 1 mumble 1 puffs 1 cooped 1 morphed 1 bothering 1 universe 1 portion 1 itself 1 barb 1 mapping 1 happens 1 hoax 1 dumped 1 chambered 1 downplayed 1 folks 1 maps - according 1 caves 1 kenya 1 cocked 1 oblivious 1 negative 1 stole 1 mate 1 crevices 1 transport 1 wavering 1 hate 1 limed 1 unknowable 1 crevice 1 gulp 1 muscular 1 nakedness 1 blur 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 academic 1 clues 1 altered 1 dosed 1 twitch 1 o'clock 1 russians 1 furrows 1 multiple 1 approach 1 gut 1 horrible 1 deeper 1 revealing 1 pounds 1 groundhogs 1 bleeker 's 1 unsnapped 1 cultist 1 squeaked 1 c'm on 1 drink 1 recently 1 dad 1 threat 1 character 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 lover 1 rather 1 aussie 1 convulsing 1 stuff 1 tick 1 packs 1 lady 1 complaints 1 whispered 1 age 1 lions 1 scrawny 1 backbone 1 trait 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 punched 1 classes 1 undone 1 fetal 1 sickeningly 1 higher 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 blistered 1 rising 1 symbols 1 recesses 1 cramped 1 60s 1 plural 1 steel 1 key 1 save 1 it 'd 1 strangling 1 magnified 1 tyson 1 who 'd 1 screens 1 stubble 1 ticking 1 severely 1 unhurriedly 1 replaced 1 alighted 1 significant 1 improvised 1 retaliating 1 idle 1 forms 1 mangled 1 unbuckling 1 ethereal 1 blinked 1 crappy 1 reverberated 1 toga 1 yanking 1 soccer 1 height 1 capable 1 singing 1 talk 1 hmm 1 impaired 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 enunciating 1 adulthood 1 subtle 1 pot 1 scrupulous 1 comes 1 marriage 1 fix 1 berth 1 chilly 1 arrive 1 poised 1 prowl 1 pooled 1 snored 1 connection 1 exultance 1 interminable 1 twenty - minute 1 cotton 1 steel - gray 1 jehovah 1 war 1 glaciated 1 fairly 1 crotches 1 attend 1 burrowing 1 fringes 1 lynching 1 wished 1 arrival 1 kaleidoscope 1 fork 1 whoom 1 climbed 1 peep 1 shindig 1 affected 1 aiming 1 anti - establishment 1 meaningful 1 rolled 1 erasing 1 snickered 1 eccentricity 1 terrified 1 producer 1 incinerated 1 caught 1 rummy 1 rippled 1 decayed 1 blecher 1 arranged 1 simple 1 opener 1 perched 1 cycle 1 furniture 1 volition 1 blame 1 mastering 1 mitigating 1 erased 1 concentrating 1 emerging 1 suggest 1 glint 1 aviator 1 panting 1 shimmered 1 misshapen 1 coils 1 worn 1 jokes 1 snake 1 segregated 1 bowl 1 media 1 anybody 1 binoculars 1 lifting 1 pick 1 winding 1 tuned 1 pumped 1 chalk 1 uncomfortably 1 hunched 1 gore - splattered 1 reminded 1 yesterday 1 pathological 1 rape 1 think - and 1 apocalyptic 1 busting 1 daybreak 1 studies 1 silent 1 affixed 1 decibels 1 drained 1 aberrant 1 freaky 1 troll 1 trapped 1 welled 1 tangled 1 shine 1 crowbar 1 loath 1 opening 1 simon 1 popped 1 satanists 1 mucky 1 atmosphere 1 bundy 1 bare 1 orange 1 sacrificed 1 revived 1 sometime 1 happening 1 curdled 1 permanent 1 sunshine 1 symptoms 1 flashes 1 massacre 1 long - term 1 one - not 1 battery 1 turning 1 maker 's 1 some - how 1 act 1 closing 1 throw 1 overhanging 1 equaled 1 oak 1 juices 1 sliver 1 flinging 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 isolated 1 how 's 1 national 1 appears 1 reserve 1 punch 1 dopey 1 terrible 1 infiltrating 1 inaudible 1 hefted 1 ramshackle 1 cross - legged 1 assortment 1 keyed 1 brains 1 snugged 1 care 1 remaining 1 touchy 1 crap 1 clutched 1 spilled 1 explain 1 dynamics 1 retrieved 1 seized 1 pressing 1 shuddered 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 rank 1 quick 1 highly 1 slow 1 squirming 1 instinct 1 underbrush 1 map 1 masturbated 1 distortion 1 intensely 1 ickiest 1 possibility 1 cigarettes 1 suspicious 1 molten 1 survive 1 populations 1 vicinity - they 'd 1 emanated 1 southern 1 buzzed 1 bushel 1 homesteaders 1 climate 1 riding 1 pondering 1 horned 1 series 1 predator 1 outdoors 1 30 -- 1 spongy 1 places 1 slight 1 running 1 bucket 1 killers 1 nervous 1 gash 1 switch 1 haze 1 mistake 1 shoe 1 outlines 1 effectively 1 hostile 1 slip 1 blow 1 primal 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 articles 1 sites 1 spew 1 strode 1 lotion 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 rhythm 1 lifestyle 1 reputation 1 toxic 1 vitality 1 labyrinthine 1 wallets 1 smelling 1 bodies 1 girls 1 hardcore 1 munching 1 screwier 1 guessed 1 outdoor 1 formed 1 primitive 1 normal 1 stiff 1 enervated 1 dreary 1 clearing 1 handful 1 canned 1 chill 1 writhing 1 goods 1 wells 1 grimace 1 groove 1 whores 1 games 1 squirting 1 cheap 1 spooky 1 advised 1 kernel 1 dirt - munching 1 operation 1 breathy 1 transportation 1 rotting 1 redness 1 buttocks 1 pole 1 art 1 allentown 1 licked 1 footpath 1 members 1 sensation 1 haunts 1 prism 1 sworn 1 grin 1 homeboys 1 law 1 argento - style 1 pyrenees 1 collective 1 mentioning 1 protective 1 agony 1 understood 1 condos 1 seat 1 gulch 1 detonated 1 shelters 1 gear 1 kerosene 1 anxiety 1 short - short 1 antiquated 1 mucus 1 nail 1 agricultural 1 brutally 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 wandering 1 flute 1 features 1 letting 1 hygiene 1 preferred 1 twisting 1 please 1 everybody 1 ceremonies 1 shit 's 1 sequence 1 contents 1 waved 1 behaviors 1 malls 1 hack 1 distinct 1 sledgehammer 1 vas 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 unlock 1 moore 1 surge 1 jaws 1 nah 1 moments 1 smuggled 1 layer 1 bitch 's 1 opened 1 glistening 1 union 1 dulled 1 enormous 1 detection 1 creepiest 1 remains 1 notice 1 group 1 ch 1 motion 1 yipped 1 unintelligible 1 tales 1 five - year - old 1 sparks 1 provided 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 rained 1 mayhem 1 reenactment 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 insignificance 1 bark 1 dropping 1 laughter 1 psych 1 co - opt 1 creature 1 paying 1 pamphlets 1 roads 1 memory 1 laird 1 shred 1 throats 1 urged 1 limescale 1 types 1 nubian 1 bones 1 solar 1 limestone 1 satisfy 1 lurching 1 reliable 1 slammer 1 puffed 1 scrabbled 1 sullen 1 bicycles 1 force 1 disperse 1 pictures 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 manitou 1 badlands 1 strike 1 unlocked 1 lairs 1 stall 1 brightened 1 expect 1 silverware 1 burned 1 wounded 1 softer 1 starvation 1 history 1 fit 1 louder 1 observing 1 seems 1 deranged 1 living 1 obscuring 1 follow 1 continued 1 tournament 1 tortured 1 strength 1 um - hm 1 outbreak 1 zero 1 sedative 1 crunched 1 ankle 1 generation 1 every - thing 1 attracted 1 c1 1 chose 1 sliding 1 mop 1 stud 1 depots 1 mud - encrusted 1 plate 1 credulous 1 record 1 kowtowed 1 jellified 1 bio 1 sixty 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 uncharacteristic 1 they 're 1 northeast 1 camouflage 1 glittering 1 vibration 1 scenario 1 was - christ 1 whistled 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 vulnerability 1 microwaved 1 gophers 1 enclosure 1 stifle 1 unease 1 foothold 1 angles 1 blouse 1 levering 1 irrational 1 scream 1 america 1 claustrophobia 1 circling 1 poker 1 growing 1 vicious 1 slumped 1 ex - lover 1 console 1 pus 1 trophy 1 portland- 1 placenta 1 cramp 1 wave 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 hillside 1 leg 1 briskly 1 protect 1 gored 1 herself 1 reported 1 shirtless 1 mumbling 1 tagged 1 chew 1 bowels 1 horn 's 1 furry 1 programmed 1 child 1 subcontractors 1 vietnam 1 scouted 1 circumference 1 dracula 's 1 stomping 1 onto 1 composite 1 bastards 1 talented 1 briefings 1 sturdy 1 cultures 1 miles 1 images 1 low - grade 1 slaves 1 phones 1 stations 1 malt 1 wan na 1 angel 1 buckle 1 ways 1 emerged 1 niches 1 whether 1 forever 1 penny 1 send 1 states 1 dorm 1 buoyed 1 devil 's 1 puddles 1 forty - eight 1 reminisce 1 settings 1 sprang 1 unconsciousness 1 screw - on 1 trampled 1 mule 1 nightly 1 stuttered 1 cocksuckers 1 researchers 1 ninety - minute 1 promise 1 spattered 1 conceivable 1 assess 1 slow - moving 1 trembled 1 squirrels 1 sacred 1 rubbed 1 orphaned 1 screw 1 tenderly 1 impulsiveness 1 travois - ing 1 pant 1 bounty 1 belligerent 1 progress 1 minor 1 visitation 1 fields 1 mixed 1 jiggle 1 anthropomorphic 1 auctioned 1 motives 1 special 1 packing 1 cowpokes 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 generally 1 compliment 1 howard 1 afterglow 1 sagebrush 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 leaning 1 reality 1 itch 1 menacing 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 grimy 1 low - income 1 recognized 1 savanna 1 anyone 1 pleasant 1 demo 1 doubt 1 midterm 1 nestled 1 thudding 1 caliper 1 block 1 straight - to - video 1 eight 1 however 1 chafe 1 why 'd 1 hiss 1 grow 1 chablis 1 zap 1 double 1 years ' 1 beat 1 stung 1 cap 1 shots 1 kansas 1 violin 1 blown 1 swirled 1 rats 1 epidemic 1 sourness 1 pitchfork 1 vet 1 flicked 1 hardly 1 ram 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 crushed 1 eager 1 dad 's 1 averaged 1 immensity 1 splat 1 clumping 1 streaks 1 crumpled 1 gnat 1 joyous 1 blowflies 1 blinded 1 rabid 1 prey 1 repulsed 1 insidious 1 soft - eyed 1 lure 1 pull - down 1 patterns 1 recoiling 1 verged 1 assignment 1 ceiling 1 song 1 bole 1 caved 1 report 1 whatever 's 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 long - lost 1 taxidermy 1 sounding 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 crawling 1 bursts 1 japan - the 1 desert 1 imagined 1 boring 1 7 mm 1 nomads 1 nested 1 garfunkel 1 carson 1 downturned 1 conscious 1 shrieks 1 rocky 1 afflicted 1 followers 1 jumped 1 luckily 1 parking 1 breakfast 1 blizzard 1 kin 1 locker 1 indigents 1 descaling 1 half - dozen 1 anticipated 1 sounds 1 hello 1 visuals 1 mountainous 1 rule 1 direction 1 knocked 1 investigating 1 halves 1 neither 1 skin 1 footprints 1 yellow - tinted 1 rescue 1 squeamish 1 clinched 1 migrating 1 doctor 1 milliseconds 1 seeped 1 lifeless 1 grim 1 insane 1 braced 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shotgun 1 scrunched 1 thickened 1 captured 1 future 1 quite 1 knows 1 yelped 1 easy - it 's 1 refer 1 vertical 1 ill 1 nonetheless 1 folklore 1 sewage 1 stared - stared 1 hooked 1 lanterns 1 shatterproof 1 absolutely 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 secrecy 1 weigh 1 tight 1 robbing 1 generators 1 papier - m 1 eon 1 things - a 1 windblown 1 junipers 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 barefoot 1 pecked 1 ached 1 arced 1 carnivorous 1 overhead 1 southeastern 1 pin - wheeling 1 drag 1 lookout 1 feels 1 strong 1 comforts 1 olympic 1 balanced 1 partition 1 eh 1 alike 1 almighty 1 bible 1 snags 1 humor 1 dreadful 1 paced 1 weekly 1 indeed 1 making 1 benches 1 billowing 1 undulated 1 beaten 1 matches 1 myth 1 curtains 1 earthen 1 stopped 1 shithouse 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 homies 1 museum 1 slick 1 storage 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 steelworkers 1 roll 1 father 's 1 pitch 1 sand 1 ranks 1 scratches 1 hostel 1 steam 1 bequeathed 1 red - lit 1 altars 1 chimpanzees 1 incarnate 1 pricked 1 suit 1 numerous 1 disturbing 1 interference 1 bomb 1 rainforest 1 fixated 1 boiling 1 droppings 1 paltry 1 exclamation 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 connected 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 swarming 1 unzipped 1 martian 1 awoke 1 outdated 1 lunatic 1 special - ties 1 thrill - killing 1 gasped 1 sop 1 vodka 1 selves 1 scenery 1 hull 1 rife 1 analysis 1 collected 1 narks 1 hank 1 analyzing 1 snare 1 tall 1 laphroaig 1 tasted 1 sloughing 1 man - made 1 weapons 1 unlimber 1 unfortunately 1 smash 1 quality 1 extreme 1 spiritually 1 hanger 1 buddy - boy 1 often 1 vacation 1 remembered 1 notes 1 handfuls 1 raw 1 industriously 1 crashing 1 hi 1 hiking 1 960s 1 flitted 1 weariness 1 adds 1 dart 1 withstand 1 contacts 1 satan 1 difficulty 1 nails 1 cuffs 1 sob 1 waste 1 washed 1 robots 1 described 1 bus 1 fluorescent 1 same 1 believed 1 vertically 1 rich 1 limned 1 stuffing 1 t - shirt 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 scrim 1 scary 1 seventy - two 1 shoddy 1 red - tail 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 pitiful 1 choose 1 playmate - era 1 wren 1 dario 1 leaving 1 middle 1 occupied 1 nude 1 rat 1 displayed 1 younger 1 doubled 1 mumbled 1 reinforce 1 gps 1 galvanized 1 eat 1 function 1 raspy 1 gelatin 1 motor 1 pinhole 1 shouting 1 cat 1 guilty 1 pissed 1 husked 1 rumor 1 barren 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 ticked 1 spot 1 woodsman 1 spread 1 ones 1 ass 1 massaged 1 extents 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 decomposed 1 slam 1 plays 1 soles 1 nostrils 1 transfixed 1 turnoffs 1 beastie 1 carefully 1 shower 1 buncha 1 chain 1 engine 1 rack 1 society 1 hiding 1 bury 1 busy 1 tree - hugging 1 forced 1 intrigued 1 focus 1 washboard 1 theremin 1 basis 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 ability 1 token 1 suspect 1 lingered 1 ascertaining 1 profit 1 ri - i - ght - i ' m 1 convenient 1 strings 1 book 1 airlifted 1 fourteen 1 fumbling 1 weeds 1 judgment 1 responded 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 slid 1 dissipated 1 deliver 1 chocolate 1 fools 1 savage 1 trash 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 dinner 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 bolted 1 attack 1 vets 1 retched 1 ruts 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 unwitting 1 career 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 branch 1 hardy 1 urge 1 motive 1 offer 1 slashes 1 kill 1 thumb 1 collar 1 door - nails 1 escape 1 rails 1 docile 1 trudging 1 salt 1 collects 1 scattering 1 morphine 1 bronze 1 permeated 1 eyelids 1 occult 1 shift 1 hydroponics 1 women 1 healthy 1 bra 1 wheedling 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 mood 1 spackled 1 balled 1 racing 1 sleek 1 alley 1 pattern 1 fully 1 product 1 studying 1 entry 1 children 1 patiently 1 chiseled 1 whine 1 subside 1 pits 1 problems 1 freeze 1 lowering 1 nine - month 1 smarts 1 dating 1 satanism 1 lowered 1 skunk 1 dangling 1 shone 1 foam 1 counselor 1 espionage 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scooped 1 mudder 1 follows 1 thought- 1 anyhow 1 scientist 1 hummed 1 lit 1 imagination 1 techs 1 able 1 demons 1 staking 1 interests 1 hooking 1 landlady 1 titillating 1 style 1 path 1 costume 1 signal 1 pursue 1 hooch 1 right - definitely 1 marsh 1 american 1 drew 1 chuckle 1 smudged 1 withdrew 1 some - thing 1 barbary 1 shifty 1 numbly 1 television 1 sift 1 contrary 1 shattered 1 vibrator 1 scummy 1 bent 1 kinks 1 involved 1 blurred 1 diabetes 1 parents 1 verisimilitude 1 northern 1 god - awful 1 vcr 1 cinders 1 stage - whispered 1 foothills 1 assertion 1 intact 1 composted 1 surroundings 1 darted 1 murdered 1 university 1 friendly 1 semifascia 1 backward 1 crackled 1 swarmed 1 dogs 1 is - for 1 eclipsed 1 clearly 1 cripes 1 deformed 1 nobody 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 backbreaking 1 committed 1 northwest 1 disapproved 1 therapist 1 glad 1 decomposition 1 boards 1 sucked 1 discovered 1 replaying 1 sit 1 moth 1 county 1 teams 1 ravine 1 rap 1 rawhide 1 gritted 1 powerful 1 manner 1 bloated 1 stabbed 1 escalate 1 sexless 1 organ 1 species 1 besides 1 fossilized 1 wants 1 acres 1 economy 1 covers 1 unpacked 1 mike 1 cosmic 1 loincloths 1 redecorated 1 sucker 1 slashing 1 beasts 1 washington 1 sluices 1 rubbing 1 haha 1 biologists 1 lone 1 wildly 1 sparse 1 mad 1 packaged 1 rattlesnake 1 grains 1 leopold 1 encased 1 acutely 1 choice 1 feverish 1 pools 1 laid 1 shipped 1 holes 1 dreams 1 she 's 1 has n't 1 warmth 1 repeatedly 1 office 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 dialing 1 innocently 1 stony 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 o ' 1 potential 1 concentrated 1 pale 1 native 1 grandkids 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 bolt 1 row 1 headquarters 1 spoor 1 sharp 1 statue 1 diapers 1 insensate 1 antivenin 1 functioned 1 caress 1 fleeing 1 level 1 bored 1 carved 1 vehicle 1 foreground 1 sweeps 1 photo - graphs 1 tarpaper 1 querulous 1 says 1 peed 1 kit - ten 1 bull 1 enormity 1 linked 1 inconceivable 1 stranded 1 knees 1 beam 1 dragging 1 perspiration 1 celt 1 mall 1 terrors 1 stench 1 grab - ass 1 frequency 1 spring 1 struggle 1 zoology 1 locking 1 humped 1 hearsay 1 forefinger 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 coverts 1 garbled 1 unwelcome 1 cocktail 1 streaming 1 emergency 1 four - wheeler 1 straight 1 oils 1 rough - housing 1 equal 1 cluster 1 glancing 1 road 1 whimper 1 niche 1 rough 1 gnawing 1 jogged 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 survival 1 plague 1 prick 1 attracts 1 military 1 grandfather 1 chateau 1 bite 1 glossed 1 whites 1 limp 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 scary - looking 1 unpleasant 1 seed 1 constructed 1 lain 1 stakes 1 dahmer 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 while - the 1 flicks 1 touches 1 tarps 1 worm 1 tracked 1 thrills 1 ryoko 1 overwhelming 1 coast 1 argue 1 sneaking 1 dismissed 1 crow 's 1 flu 1 malice 1 genteel 1 friendship 1 hid 1 may 1 leads 1 lamps 1 enforcement 1 burrow 1 diamond 1 emergence 1 depression 1 otherwise 1 gravel 1 installed 1 entrapped 1 hers 1 should ' ve 1 wrists 1 glances 1 optic 1 forearm 1 accept 1 880s 1 asshole - ishness 1 runaways 1 moonlight 1 quivered 1 gloom 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 exchanging 1 creep 1 solid 1 daylight 1 beware 1 veins 1 further 1 pouch 1 sign 1 impulse 1 puzzling 1 battle 1 knock 1 casualness 1 roosts 1 fetish 1 newspaper 1 rocked 1 flickering 1 crisp 1 surveyed 1 realize 1 psychobabble 1 inert 1 leaking 1 floating 1 initially 1 summoned 1 peyote 1 sold 1 resolve 1 exploded 1 wrecked 1 step 1 meh 1 miserably 1 winded 1 haunches 1 column 1 stress 1 hindenburg 1 proved 1 brushed 1 charged 1 crudely 1 heels 1 having 1 half - straddled 1 tremor 1 tradition 1 suppurating 1 slowly 1 promising 1 contemplated 1 antipathy 1 familiar 1 manipulating 1 humidity 1 fsb 1 gobbledygook 1 adjusted 1 radius 1 shave 1 rot 1 cried 1 question 1 point 1 dredge 1 retreated 1 uncomfortable 1 stymied 1 gazing 1 loop 1 winds 1 makes 1 does n't 1 egg 1 wired 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 horrified 1 lied 1 ooo - weee - ooo 1 scrape 1 roosted 1 cancer 1 plodded 1 sinister 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 hurled 1 visible 1 bubbled 1 anger 1 watered 1 fidget 1 documented 1 crashed 1 some- 1 should n't 1 reading 1 stinging 1 stellar 1 handbags 1 assume 1 lumps 1 strung 1 awaken 1 kilos 1 former 1 tents 1 collect 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 siberian 1 shackled 1 ask 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 lowlands 1 pup 1 c 1 slammed 1 shelf 1 insubstantial 1 sadist 1 dozen 1 throbbed 1 blade 1 exhaustion 1 sun - bleached 1 pink 1 especially 1 baseball 1 unlikely 1 shanties 1 furious 1 standing 1 stoic 1 devilry 1 pure 1 dozed 1 fifty 1 clasped 1 cougar 1 sensational 1 sidney 1 advancing 1 sub - conscious 1 stumble 1 torn 1 rigs 1 hangover 1 72 1 bother 1 tapping 1 shipping 1 ivory 1 inclination 1 siesta 1 steamy 1 mountain- 1 chrissake 1 felled 1 skulls 1 dial 1 barron 1 authentic 1 claimed 1 centimeters 1 french 1 gentle 1 excavation 1 rural 1 likes 1 desertion 1 holyfield 1 complications 1 discovers 1 nut 1 required - the 1 struts 1 blending 1 wiry 1 circumstances 1 piled 1 vain 1 camouflaged 1 sleeves 1 pockets 1 read 1 envisioned 1 yummy 1 killed 1 ascending 1 anonymous 1 reeds 1 socket 1 paint 1 hustle 1 despise 1 pines 1 almonds 1 window 1 played 1 purpose 1 compulsion 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 pall 1 current 1 uncapped 1 lingering 1 scurried 1 breakdown 1 script 1 heat - i 'd 1 l 1 1965 1 scent 1 exception 1 outgrew 1 catch 1 grain 1 sunburn 1 honey - pie 1 headed 1 north 1 decaying 1 chick - ens 1 peace 1 what - the - hell - ever 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 chamber 1 relaxed 1 waves 1 bathed 1 unspoken 1 hatred 1 rotate 1 serpentine 1 creases 1 great - great - great 1 patch 1 tepees 1 amid 1 ate 1 coagulated 1 gacy 1 round 1 dubious 1 weather 1 remarried 1 catbirds 1 passwords 1 swapped 1 intrusive 1 common 1 designated 1 instantly 1 zigzagged 1 retrieve 1 wept 1 vulpine 1 gobbled 1 throughout 1 nocturnal 1 discarded 1 snowy 1 candescent 1 camcorder 1 compass 1 tried 1 1970 1 cracking 1 participate 1 jewelry 1 locate 1 correct 1 alas 1 owl 1 gradually 1 awhile 1 bro 1 lotus 1 sanity 1 accustomed 1 skies 1 flies 1 angry 1 coiled 1 lovely 1 nine 1 temples 1 quiet 1 flexible 1 utter 1 task 1 filled 1 o 1 largest 1 sickness 1 fooled 1 has 1 housing 1 club 1 proliferation 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 list 1 ravening 1 happier 1 accident 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 dozens 1 unclenched 1 recordings 1 seem 1 glance 1 apprised 1 suddenly 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 simplest 1 supper 1 section 1 edged 1 bunting 1 desk 1 nobody 's 1 lightning 1 complain 1 orgy 1 math 1 boiled 1 spending 1 hotel 1 cuddle 1 tendons 1 ex - girlfriend 1 scripting 1 fired 1 peeking 1 two - star 1 ax 1 sneaked 1 shirt 1 timer 1 keeps 1 saliva 1 alter 1 silt 1 quadrant - a 1 expense 1 muffled 1 stifling 1 throbbing 1 raise 1 rid 1 desperate 1 boxes 1 muriatic 1 affair 1 gotten 1 shovel 1 honestly 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 buster 1 concerts 1 shooting 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 words 1 translucent 1 pacify 1 tidal 1 pinched 1 apple 1 primates 1 shallow 1 chance 1 switched 1 nameless 1 greener 1 collarbone 1 obscenities 1 curtain 1 instant 1 dinners 1 millions 1 lamp 1 seats 1 unloaded 1 temperature 1 scout 1 instance 1 motherfucker 1 corpse 1 tube 1 den - the 1 panels 1 box 1 nursing 1 shiny 1 ugh 1 circuitry 1 alien 1 edgewise 1 conference 1 travois 1 mentioned 1 lolled 1 conjunction 1 humans 1 camped 1 michael 1 skip 1 manifest 1 oozed 1 rusty 1 protocol 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 dispatched 1 thrust 1 switches 1 visitors 1 superheated 1 tumbler 1 typical 1 loosen 1 spots 1 safe 1 star 1 frenzy 1 christmas 1 sin 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 personnel 1 feral 1 ice 1 pointed 1 mosey 1 clacking 1 huh 1 works 1 noted 1 stomach 1 fool 1 consuming 1 texas 1 searing 1 chin 1 crossed 1 functionary 1 fireball 1 overlooking 1 valor 1 long - gone 1 syrup 1 sadly 1 chops 1 sunlight 1 spared 1 exhibits 1 can not 1 idiot 1 scuffle 1 ancients 1 mark 1 distrust 1 listen 1 hoarse 1 dashed 1 bought 1 hopped 1 flirted 1 sunny 1 perform 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 nodded 1 rail 1 gift 1 quits 1 dresses 1 partying 1 remain 1 shake 1 taste 1 uncles 1 ivy 1 football 1 rift 1 lap 1 root 1 openings 1 silvery 1 plotting 1 reduced 1 stay 1 preached 1 live 1 scientists 1 safaris 1 sudden 1 past- 1 apartment 1 ranchers ' 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 self - sufficient 1 afterbirth 1 pupils 1 gain 1 checked 1 dummies 1 major 1 nuzzled 1 kindling 1 noises 1 decay 1 covert 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 skittered 1 keyhole 1 bastard 1 cockpit 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 fearful 1 corporations 1 analyze 1 belongs 1 bothered 1 totally 1 psst 914 .
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
proboscis - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 proboscis 544 the 320 a 281 and 217 i 192 of 160 to 156 was 129 in 108 my 77 on 74 with 71 it 68 me 60 he 56 for 53 that 46 you 44 his 41 were 41 from 39 as 39 had 39 at 34 said 33 an 30 what 29 cruz 29 her 28 by 28 they 26 or 26 if 26 hart 23 she 23 this 23 like 22 one 22 did n't 21 but 21 been 20 was n't 20 into 19 up 19 too 19 over 18 some 18 about 16 no 16 we 16 back 16 be 16 there 16 when 16 through 15 got 15 all 15 out 14 even 14 mounds 14 its 14 him 14 know 14 down 13 right 13 where 13 car 12 did 12 more 12 so 12 are 12 i 'd 12 do 12 not 11 something 11 way 11 our 11 george 11 how 11 their 11 time 11 piers 11 face 11 while 10 i ' m 10 after 10 man 10 them 10 hand 10 door 9 rob 9 would 9 who 9 just 9 much 9 only 9 yeah 9 road 9 off 9 couple 9 then 9 here 9 could n't 9 see 8 going 8 behind 8 he 'd 8 cruz 's 8 mima 8 girl 8 maybe 8 light 8 because 8 across 8 side 8 around 7 say 7 ai n't 7 do n't 7 went 7 penny 7 heard 7 almost 7 kids 7 okay 7 wanted 7 now 7 chevy 7 few 7 call 7 eyes 7 had n't 7 took 7 still 7 thought 7 looked 7 asked 7 guy 7 which 7 shirt 7 enough 7 us 7 along 6 carly 6 real 6 get 6 they 'd 6 than 6 your 6 other 6 hung 6 well 6 world 6 made 6 turned 6 lot 6 began 6 bit 6 hell 6 nothing 6 home 6 rock 6 long 6 let 6 sylvia 6 shoulder 6 tried 5 ran 5 hear 5 truck 5 show 5 could 5 hair 5 near 5 many 5 kept 5 radio 5 x 5 great 5 smiled 5 woman 5 came 5 hart 's 5 again 5 against 5 mind 5 another 5 row 5 windows 5 waited 5 is 5 cell 5 phone 5 we 'd 5 told 5 hours 5 valise 5 open 5 have 5 caught 5 started 5 miles 5 among 5 trees 5 six 5 yet 5 put 5 myself 5 counter 5 before 4 gone 4 frickin ' 4 ear 4 wheel 4 milk 4 tv 4 bad 4 who 'd 4 hill 4 never 4 coffee 4 cheek 4 those 4 away 4 hush 4 past 4 under 4 button 4 neck 4 piece 4 sure 4 voice 4 any 4 look 4 parking 4 there 's 4 left 4 insects 4 last 4 hit 4 make 4 trailer 4 could ' ve 4 worried 4 hard 4 sound 4 field 4 would n't 4 days 4 place 4 studied 4 front 4 police 4 everything 4 poger 4 old 4 during 4 according 4 station 4 getting 4 ray - bo 4 might 4 legs 4 thanks 4 two 4 close 4 blood 4 cars 4 sun 4 between 4 book 4 beetle 4 friend 4 called 4 window 4 night 4 victoria 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 anything 4 thing 4 high 4 picture 3 dropped 3 belonged 3 cool 3 resembled 3 people 3 really 3 rocks 3 better 3 piers ' 3 grounds 3 recognize 3 set 3 agent 3 white 3 nasty 3 russell 3 scotch 3 want 3 gas 3 talking 3 little 3 passed 3 gave 3 bug 3 brother 3 buildings 3 follow 3 chest 3 slumped 3 creek 3 someone 3 whole 3 would ' ve 3 regarding 3 parked 3 seen 3 blind 3 park 3 probably 3 less 3 decided 3 paper 3 next 3 toward 3 uh 3 big 3 middle 3 film 3 handed 3 glass 3 engine 3 inside 3 somebody 3 seemed 3 except 3 nobody 3 washington 3 broken 3 reports 3 office 3 news 3 stood 3 remember 3 comanche 3 also 3 cut 3 coming 3 broom 3 camera 3 catch 3 floated 3 dirt 3 dying 3 guys 3 clouds 3 mean 3 brain 3 perhaps 3 trying 3 shrugged 3 knew 3 nature 3 south 3 things 3 somethin ' 3 bar 3 smiling 3 line 3 olympia 3 earth 3 lunch 3 although 3 black 3 ticket 3 details 3 talk 3 dog 3 directions 3 blue 3 drive 3 happening 3 moment 3 static 3 blackberry 3 sky 3 mouth 3 we 're 3 cold 3 stared 3 seat 3 answer 3 signs 3 hands 3 bark 3 driver 3 thinking 3 wan na 3 three 3 court 3 jumped 3 skin 3 moon 3 tight 3 were n't 3 exactly 3 hey 3 loose 3 friends 3 beer 3 pocket 3 faded 3 pulled 3 tone 3 actor 3 taxi 3 canadians 3 pale 3 idea 3 slightly 3 laughed 3 tourist 3 point 3 take 3 impossible 3 finally 3 drove 3 ray 3 either 3 walked 3 tell 3 fired 3 name 3 buried 3 head 3 latest 3 she 'd 3 click - click 3 years 3 scene 2 swarm 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 america 's 2 matter 2 goddamned 2 local 2 fish 2 exec 2 breath 2 fresh 2 figured 2 serious 2 keep 2 em 2 adores 2 feeding 2 la 2 already 2 cracks 2 um 2 deal 2 waitress 2 happy 2 buford 2 smacked 2 capture 2 missed 2 polite 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 shut 2 witnessed 2 concrete 2 doing 2 go 2 universe 2 tree 2 third 2 geological 2 casting 2 edges 2 batteries 2 c'm on 2 stuff 2 haplotype 2 late 2 we 'll 2 marriage 2 portland 2 rolled 2 entire 2 hillocks 2 sea 2 delicacy 2 he 's 2 fat 2 god 2 surprised 2 wearing 2 lips 2 college 2 wrong 2 dark 2 remaining 2 german 2 fast 2 peeling 2 gate 2 kiosk 2 running 2 man 's 2 beyond 2 rickety 2 picked 2 suggested 2 kinda 2 canada 2 later 2 ucla 2 dear 2 metal 2 proboscis 2 shit 2 features 2 goes 2 notice 2 motion 2 angle 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 soon 2 theory 2 george 's 2 without 2 pictures 2 wounded 2 definitely 2 interested 2 shadows 2 wave 2 kind 2 new 2 finger 2 inspector 2 rubbed 2 bounty 2 certified 2 money 2 anyone 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 most 2 stop 2 stolid 2 rang 2 platform 2 explained 2 plates 2 ached 2 good 2 state 2 fly 2 least 2 depending 2 collapsed 2 tasted 2 skull 2 stuck 2 bus 2 everywhere 2 themselves 2 harry 2 movies 2 impression 2 wake 2 adored 2 music 2 else 2 likely 2 racing 2 course 2 paved 2 glanced 2 boys 2 university 2 loud 2 monument 2 view 2 sucked 2 forest 2 tavern 2 cab 2 none 2 followed 2 strange 2 abandoned 2 air 2 cops 2 moony 's 2 various 2 keening 2 lion 2 crying 2 norway 2 donnie 2 managed 2 proved 2 girlfriend 2 best 2 having 2 pressure 2 far 2 donkey 2 mess 2 damp 2 shot 2 pink 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 realized 2 caused 2 ruined 2 slacks 2 such 2 played 2 guess 2 falling 2 forth 2 teeth 2 closed 2 o 2 lem me 2 buddy 2 throat 2 use 2 despite 2 shiny 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 distant 2 ice 2 pointed 2 nearby 2 returned 2 root 2 grinned 2 greasy 2 bullshit 2 basque 2 imagine 2 lights 2 activity 2 lots 2 ladies 2 flesh 2 ended 2 check 2 certain 2 aldon 2 occasionally 2 clipped 2 heads 2 utterly 2 think 2 johnny 2 harvest 2 era 2 pointing 2 does 2 coop 2 wondered 2 british 2 patted 2 flutter 2 might ' ve 2 let 's 2 unless 2 mostly 2 fingers 2 frowning 2 anyway 2 adventure 2 darkness 2 stirred 2 bro ' 2 lady 2 jar 2 dented 2 pressed 2 slope 2 connection 2 whatever 2 playback 2 oh 2 feet 2 bag 2 somewhere 2 life 2 subject 2 odd 2 pushed 2 junk 2 fist 2 brand 2 yanked 2 map 2 dull 2 california 2 ago 2 observation 2 niro 2 trick 2 girls 2 unusual 2 primitive 2 hood 2 own 2 associates 2 run 2 frame 2 built 2 bones 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 several 2 black - and - white 2 unhappy 2 answering 2 border 2 america 2 slowed 2 bastards 2 latin 2 professor 2 silence 2 goin ' 2 block 2 shots 2 considered 2 photos 2 direction 2 will 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 usually 2 blinking 2 nice 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 percent 2 stars 2 partition 2 stuffed 2 fifteen 2 de 2 tired 2 assassin 2 columbia 2 weeks 2 civil 2 deep 2 ya 2 felt 2 same 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 ass 2 official 2 asian 2 rostrum 2 though 2 secret 2 am 2 pattern 2 eastern 2 cameras 2 path 2 since 2 ever 2 dunno 2 that 'd 2 wooden 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 dude 2 species 2 crash 2 ready 2 tiny 2 legal 2 vehicle 2 garden 2 says 2 wasted 2 corner 2 broad 2 muddy 2 evergreen 2 used 2 story 2 press 2 sneak 2 ground 2 beneath 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 haplogroup 2 fashion 2 festival 2 scratched 2 posted 2 sign 2 instead 2 ask 2 low 2 cigarette 2 fell 2 read 2 patio 2 paint 2 wore 2 photographs 2 these 2 heavy 2 greyhound 2 five 2 glance 2 street 2 modern 2 completely 2 bees 2 looking 2 simply 2 ride 2 stump 2 huh 2 works 2 stomach 2 bought 2 times 2 scientists 2 pair 2 team 2 saw 1 nape 1 descended 1 issue 1 bonkers 1 diagonal 1 strained 1 farms 1 dubbed 1 hash 1 gray 1 experts 1 medicine 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 satanic 1 threshold 1 corn 1 airplane 1 inarguable 1 expressions 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 geiger 1 curves 1 axles 1 tromp 1 favor 1 miracle 1 bench 1 arc 1 primo 1 superstar 1 injected 1 sheets 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 booth 1 uh - huh 1 terminals 1 giving 1 noting 1 tasers 1 polo 1 tables 1 whoa 1 owned 1 wo n't 1 trouble 1 source 1 bowled 1 risking 1 penalty 1 environs 1 hacked 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hairs 1 jounced 1 drill 1 thumping 1 abiding 1 eligible 1 parade 1 daydreams 1 cooked 1 danced 1 honorary 1 p 1 los 1 begging 1 drunk 1 stone 1 swath 1 unwashed 1 panel 1 breeding 1 mutilations 1 differently 1 mediterranean 1 saying 1 fumes 1 dripped 1 castrati 1 fold 1 laxative 1 esophagus 1 position 1 subprocessor 1 holding 1 bragging 1 americans 1 table 1 green 1 listings 1 yellow 1 crammed 1 sylvie 1 midlife 1 bounded 1 vast 1 spat 1 two - lane 1 anti - democrat 1 motherland 1 country 1 torch 1 job 1 streak 1 expression 1 pro - gun 1 organic 1 saint 1 speculate 1 narrowed 1 lineage 1 one - star 1 research 1 burial 1 tee - shirts 1 bring 1 that 's 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 lid 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 locations 1 spied 1 relived 1 erratically 1 beetle 's 1 alcove 1 debacle 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 regular 1 pass 1 squinted 1 eating 1 creation 1 dinero 1 gregorian 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 anxious 1 underage 1 funk 1 passengers 1 object 1 sticks 1 existence 1 argyle 1 slavic 1 mumble 1 rhythmic 1 tumbled 1 tell'ya 1 dish 1 dense 1 boy 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 planning 1 dogshit 1 haunted 1 academic 1 radio - controlled 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 hot 1 reagan 's 1 self 1 frightful 1 belong 1 dad 1 character 1 smear 1 grateful 1 foreign 1 rather 1 hand - cam 1 whitewashed 1 plain 1 scrawny 1 bleeding 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 volume 1 distorted 1 van 1 warbles 1 pinwheeled 1 marijuana 1 bottles 1 key 1 fried 1 foot 1 rob 's 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 gargoyle 1 monks 1 die 1 knife 1 becoming 1 cook 1 iceberg 1 construction 1 brake 1 sorcery 1 natural 1 2 1 humming 1 card 1 nope 1 creepers 1 grey 1 mom - and - pop 1 cotton 1 staggered 1 stray 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 prisoner 1 coed 1 psychos 1 hungry 1 spoiling 1 mucho 1 lane 1 brochure 1 astronauts 1 intervening 1 inherit 1 season 1 grille 1 mercifully 1 blame 1 featured 1 listened 1 erased 1 reared 1 glint 1 tie 1 bullet - raddled 1 melted 1 coils 1 depot 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 jobs 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 calculate 1 shoot 1 silent 1 genes 1 frustrated 1 trapped 1 action 1 starred 1 brightly 1 long - overdue 1 scripts 1 bumper 1 bare 1 disconnected 1 flashes 1 incipient 1 braked 1 turning 1 planned 1 scrum 1 coax 1 waffle 1 amok 1 alpha - alpha 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 chanting 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 molded 1 thrown 1 entomologist 1 dusk 1 crap 1 astonished 1 succumbed 1 hock 1 spilled 1 cadillac 1 dare 1 match 1 dewdrop 1 knowledgeable 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 damned 1 wow 1 riding 1 angular 1 series 1 dilapidated 1 vintage 1 nervous 1 canucks 1 alone 1 marathons 1 retribution 1 j 1 gulf 1 mailboxes 1 questions 1 splashed 1 unsteady 1 farce 1 munching 1 wonders 1 slew 1 cough 1 parole 1 illusions 1 brick 1 dirty 1 broached 1 fortune 1 clearing 1 writhing 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 possible 1 thingy 1 diner 1 feedback 1 fluids 1 hunky - dory 1 poured 1 bud 1 penis 1 turn 1 iron 1 monologue 1 roiled 1 agricultural 1 letters 1 convicted 1 dumbly 1 irons 1 lacked 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 appealing 1 bickering 1 rocker 1 moments 1 grandfather 's 1 crouched 1 nerve 1 shag 1 decrepit 1 accepted 1 mudslides 1 waistband 1 jump 1 end 1 pagan 1 urged 1 reach 1 purely 1 rust - red 1 europeans 1 discern 1 violence 1 butt 1 envelope 1 admonishment 1 counters 1 technology 1 reassure 1 endless 1 suspected 1 unwholesome 1 ankle 1 image 1 shrines 1 chambray 1 chair 1 squeals 1 footage 1 order 1 bravado 1 arrow 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 data 1 highway 1 gust 1 camouflage 1 etiquette 1 glovebox 1 whistled 1 gleamed 1 draining 1 stylish 1 doctored 1 lancelot 1 d 1 hitchhikers 1 challenged 1 teenage 1 beady 1 eggs 1 rhino 1 screwing 1 repeat 1 eternal 1 yo 1 indigestion 1 birthday 1 disappointed 1 smoke 1 npr 1 collectively 1 child 1 crummy 1 comfort 1 jolted 1 onto 1 returning 1 steep 1 time 's 1 burst 1 phones 1 jersey 1 cooled 1 flung 1 reviewed 1 mum 1 pal 1 sugar 1 boots 1 spaces 1 snort 1 nose 1 corpse - slack 1 sloe - eyed 1 tripped 1 vertebrae 1 mulled 1 expensive 1 boondocks 1 illuminated 1 scuttle 1 leisurely 1 rasp 1 grit 1 snuff 1 spattered 1 lying 1 cutting 1 absurd 1 diorama 1 calls 1 firewood 1 fields 1 geology 1 profile 1 shiver 1 special 1 convoluted 1 brambles 1 kidnaper 1 voices 1 prettier 1 loudly 1 busted 1 admirers 1 leaning 1 changed 1 father 1 crept 1 shed 1 accidentally 1 audience 1 thresholds 1 flailing 1 handles 1 humpbacked 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 corrugated 1 forward 1 hoped 1 beat 1 tempted 1 compared 1 nuts 1 swirled 1 welcome 1 detour 1 marks 1 ten 1 insides 1 sake 1 stools 1 method 1 choir 1 regulars 1 prey 1 flip - flops 1 island 1 blob 1 fence 1 report 1 authorities 1 fuzzy 1 utopian 1 b - movie 1 passenger 1 sipping 1 desert 1 orchids 1 migration 1 3 1 information 1 plane 's 1 lemmesee 1 hat 1 hare 1 delivered 1 mountains 1 scads 1 dappled 1 roster 1 quietly 1 ugly 1 fatter 1 part 1 gal 1 fact 1 hola 1 piss - stained 1 ungainly 1 knows 1 brutes 1 fists 1 basket 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 dribble 1 garbage 1 robot 1 flags 1 expos 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 recall 1 patches 1 crush 1 commercials 1 disturb 1 coffin 1 festooned 1 clunk 1 mother 's 1 welted 1 pasture 1 uninhabited 1 west 1 traced 1 marking 1 sparkled 1 screen 1 cleared 1 convinced 1 blackballed 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 ranks 1 thickets 1 tobacco 1 enthusiastically 1 maze 1 joke 1 exclamation 1 filmmaker 1 purring 1 attitude 1 shortcuts 1 pen 1 criminals 1 extravaganza 1 feast 1 receiver 1 tall 1 fixed 1 accent 1 sloughing 1 textbook 1 received 1 fanciful 1 hi 1 sunrise 1 agrarian 1 proctors 1 cuffs 1 portraits 1 time ' 1 pickups 1 fluorescent 1 tricky 1 seein ' 1 science 1 crowd 1 cheeks 1 m 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 palm 1 robust 1 worry 1 scraped 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 shimmering 1 younger 1 mob 1 applied 1 fabric 1 eat 1 liked 1 looped 1 plunge 1 cat 1 throngs 1 liquor 1 ahead 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 instructions 1 squeezed 1 whatch 1 joining 1 certainly 1 middle - aged 1 vacuous 1 clothes 1 gourds 1 playing 1 narrowing 1 flickered 1 busy 1 dedication 1 brush 1 missing 1 suspect 1 strings 1 airspace 1 syringes 1 barely 1 smoldering 1 keen 1 peculiar 1 dissipated 1 pursed 1 political 1 phantoms 1 laughing 1 razor 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 floodlights 1 i ' ve 1 fifteen - martini 1 blooming 1 jittering 1 spell 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 disappeared 1 stamped 1 elephant 1 migrations 1 shift 1 hon 1 hardcase 1 dash 1 des 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 ant 1 chittery 1 older 1 passable 1 buzzing 1 flyers 1 hundred 1 why 1 fond 1 consider 1 freeze 1 twitching 1 zombie 1 foam 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 mitochondrial 1 funny 1 specific 1 chlorine 1 drawled 1 critters 1 american 1 toiletries 1 withdrew 1 whirred 1 neighborhood 1 stoplight 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 muttered 1 significance 1 gun 1 drone 1 hurt 1 ash 1 what 's 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 casino 1 pastels 1 masses 1 restroom 1 ex - brother - in - law 1 honking 1 vein 1 g 1 northwest 1 entered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 sweltering 1 scowl 1 powerful 1 rum 1 besides 1 sprinkled 1 actor 's 1 fractured 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 over - glossed 1 acres 1 detachment 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 culture 1 movements 1 genetic 1 have n't 1 worse 1 lone 1 wildly 1 mad 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sex 1 bulletproof 1 doused 1 headline 1 giggling 1 bob 's 1 worth 1 migraine 1 ball 1 chicano 1 gnarled 1 stacked 1 spelling 1 bikers 1 tails 1 whip 1 towards 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 mall 1 upside 1 imp 1 trolling 1 leaned 1 thirsty 1 hitcher 1 three - dee 1 sank 1 screwed 1 evils 1 r 1 fixation 1 preened 1 marker 1 straight 1 early 1 scholarly 1 baby 1 hose 1 shoulda 1 give 1 gardena 1 vendors 1 gaze 1 materializing 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 being 1 scanned 1 troglodytes 1 possessed 1 examined 1 rebuttal 1 idled 1 sneaking 1 booths 1 cashier 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 may 1 why'nchya 1 hummocks 1 gravel 1 bridges 1 miscellaneous 1 keloid 1 nothingness 1 glances 1 relieved 1 seattle 1 ah 1 blocks 1 hesitated 1 regard 1 babe 1 jesus 1 glare 1 walk 1 battle 1 rocked 1 cowboy 1 flickering 1 clicked 1 professionals 1 exploded 1 hyenas 1 stern 1 pollen 1 clumps 1 wraparound 1 writer 1 contemplated 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 tattoos 1 loan 1 carried 1 capitol 1 petulant 1 fast - living 1 admit 1 wired 1 asphalt 1 lied 1 sweater 1 maple 1 scents 1 aboard 1 predators 1 shacking 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 seventh 1 hunkered 1 1890s 1 golden 1 ragtag 1 grainy 1 pad 1 paw 1 picnic 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 pleating 1 especially 1 standing 1 enthralled 1 rush 1 precisely 1 incomprehensible 1 razor - sharp 1 reduviidae 1 1970s 1 cash 1 glacial 1 lizard 1 windshield 1 bubble - screen 1 rigs 1 awesome 1 fierce 1 dialed 1 dispassion 1 mushroom 1 mistress ' 1 dial 1 godforsaken 1 sap 1 lagged 1 rolling 1 rubberneckin ' 1 illuminate 1 piled 1 page 1 thorny 1 obscurity 1 glowing 1 musty 1 bluegrass 1 greater 1 entomologists 1 shape 1 wasteland 1 rows 1 dangerous 1 badly 1 pall 1 edge 1 breakdown 1 ancient 1 cruised 1 overgrown 1 laundromat 1 vigorous 1 glared 1 telescopes 1 grange 1 16 1 ultraviolet 1 negatives 1 cancelled 1 elevated 1 exhibition 1 erect 1 rufus 1 christ 1 afraid 1 rancid 1 shortly 1 crewcut 1 ads 1 human 1 personality 1 twice 1 wistful 1 jewelry 1 floorboard 1 autograph 1 hills 1 bro 1 angry 1 planks 1 blighted 1 coiled 1 primate 1 tossed 1 nine 1 comeback 1 dashes 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 globe 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 filled 1 daddy 1 has 1 string 1 rustled 1 heaves 1 imitation 1 x - whatsis 1 attraction 1 animated 1 grunted 1 erupted 1 olive 1 reason 1 diner 's 1 suddenly 1 novocain - numb 1 stretched 1 politely 1 tin 1 separation 1 math 1 boom 1 unfathomable 1 strapping 1 half - rotted 1 metronome 1 flower 1 everything 's 1 cra - zee 1 shooting 1 band 1 words 1 boxy 1 alongside 1 week 1 shallow 1 until 1 charm 1 switched 1 ditchward 1 citizen 1 files 1 dogwoods 1 lamp 1 queen 1 dishwasher 1 dried 1 gouging 1 suitably 1 con 1 did'ya 1 testimonials 1 compadre 1 banks 1 drops 1 toys 1 leon 1 rare 1 grabbed 1 threatened 1 rusting 1 slapped 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 notion 1 message 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 fleshy 1 hoarse 1 socks 1 enclave 1 halo 1 nodded 1 wags 1 softly 1 out - of - state 1 lode 1 dictated 1 marketable 1 moved 1 effect 1 transmission 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 search 1 sudden 1 perspective 1 jags 1 demonstrably 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 major 1 wholly 1 primary 1 yore 1 obscured 1 above 1 help 1 play 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 not - so - mild 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 circuits 1 learned 1 million 1 digestive 1 temperate 1 obviously 1 scum 1 carly 's 1 debated 1 practical 1 seal 1 dancing 1 board 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 cumulus 1 giggle 1 chopped 1 guts 1 birds 1 presence 1 god 's 1 stupor 1 wriggled 1 setting 1 somesuch 1 shouted 1 thank 1 type 1 beak 1 situation 1 simultaneously 1 eye 1 magnesia 1 stretch 1 swam 1 whatchyacallem 1 video 1 top 1 crimp 1 mosquito 1 meeting 1 bunch 1 directly 1 prayer 1 alaska 1 ass - end 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 rundown 1 unhinged 1 nests 1 government 1 camouflage - green 1 kliegs 1 reverse 1 bobbing 1 celebrity 1 killing 1 ajar 1 promised 1 smirk 1 ex 1 sorta 1 lipizzaner 1 river 1 fine 1 gypsies 1 chick 1 vietnamese 1 boot 1 hide 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 tea 1 men 1 waiting 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 capricorn 1 666 1 descending 1 horse 1 known 1 gig 1 nuzzling 1 huntin ' 1 word 1 exuberance 1 atop 1 mug 1 ham 1 black - rimmed 1 trench 1 person 1 kingdom 1 wrinkled 1 fire - yellow 1 hated 1 kissed 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 mammals 1 clancy 1 blackjacks 1 corresponds 1 shout 1 fled 1 someone 's 1 jeans 1 biology 1 alpha 1 redwoods 1 detail 1 fries 1 giant 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 cup 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 tributaries 1 center 1 anywho 1 spiked 1 yahoos 1 mom 1 josey 1 bellying 1 threw 1 program 1 lighted 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 wharf 1 indian 1 flick 1 groovy 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 exotic 1 bib 1 bizarre 1 motley 1 taillights 1 beeped 1 bend 1 swiftly 1 misfiled 1 speaking 1 slunk 1 red 1 predatory 1 fuckall 1 development 1 mine 1 lurking 1 zen 1 bye 1 wrapped 1 nicely 1 payday 1 ants 1 horatio 1 swell 1 tourists 1 5 1 jillion 1 fuckin ' 1 outboard 1 flowers 1 pants 1 chilled 1 buses 1 below 1 vans 1 frozen 1 shaped 1 deeper 1 mystery 1 amplified 1 regaling 1 drink 1 sky - high 1 gorillas 1 pumps 1 runaway 1 whispered 1 punched 1 i-5 1 cows 1 squawking 1 comment 1 symbols 1 judging 1 60s 1 posture 1 kudzu 1 whined 1 steel 1 suits 1 vibe 1 beat - to - hell 1 dots 1 mannequin 1 doughy 1 mobile 1 neutral 1 freakin ' 1 height 1 who 's 1 splash 1 shoved 1 beechnut 1 post 1 tile 1 shared 1 paused 1 opposite 1 miami 1 pack 1 repetitious 1 hittin ' 1 accelerated 1 war 1 rig 1 climbed 1 lip 1 ravage 1 floppy 1 sales 1 flatbeds 1 rational 1 hi - fi 1 beast 1 weak 1 ronald 1 wild - eyed 1 blazing 1 wide - brimmed 1 grass 1 experiencing 1 contributing 1 sour 1 cycle 1 options 1 predicted 1 replied 1 helping 1 hapless 1 filter 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 hydrochloric 1 speck 1 recording 1 loitering 1 siphon 1 emotional 1 southbound 1 spaniard 1 radiation 1 distaste 1 bubbling 1 pick 1 plastered 1 reminded 1 exits 1 drained 1 receiving 1 paroxysms 1 polyester 1 date 1 buy 1 implication 1 raid 1 satanists 1 vague 1 edited 1 soldier 1 shades 1 gawd 1 crusty 1 battery 1 loomed 1 every 1 high - pitched 1 litany 1 distances 1 national 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 shampoo 1 infractions 1 undulating 1 calling 1 cattle 1 drama 1 clicking 1 heat 1 shuddered 1 squirming 1 soil 1 measured 1 beside 1 study 1 invaded 1 brewskis 1 proposition 1 buzzed 1 visit 1 inhuman 1 case 1 milling 1 sos 1 bygone 1 seam 1 doncha 1 lolling 1 lean 1 blow 1 roles 1 articles 1 skimming 1 tickle 1 altar 1 smoked 1 cooperate 1 x - group 1 dead 1 together 1 pumping 1 stalks 1 doomsday 1 fracas 1 guessed 1 formed 1 photo 1 trace 1 earned 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 yards 1 ferret - pink 1 roar 1 cheap 1 head - on 1 an ' 1 dentist 's 1 nicked 1 poplar 1 footpath 1 wound 1 sensation 1 truly 1 poked 1 traumatic 1 allen 1 varied 1 shuffled 1 monoliths 1 papered 1 happened 1 thick 1 impact 1 antiquated 1 nail 1 random 1 calgary 1 mexico 1 molasses 1 oil 1 please 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 prohibiting 1 civilization 1 exhalations 1 taser 1 farm 1 opened 1 paperwork 1 defeat 1 collection 1 channel 1 hog 1 glazed 1 murky 1 movement 1 plug 1 large 1 removed 1 mayhem 1 relatively 1 mini - crusade 1 tricked - out 1 junctures 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 grand 1 bulk 1 separated 1 rapist 1 clenched 1 schtick 1 memories 1 credit 1 unpaved 1 applies 1 orphan 1 trembling 1 bunker 1 initial 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 fuss 1 central 1 coronas 1 meds 1 history 1 one - quarter 1 fit 1 entering 1 clank 1 swaying 1 buddies 1 operator 1 generations 1 murmuring 1 swing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 foggy 1 receded 1 mud - encrusted 1 kite 1 hollow 1 alders 1 farmhouses 1 paranoia 1 niagara 1 bulletins 1 nervously 1 mile 1 heart 1 water 1 hind 1 second 1 microsecond 1 mechanical 1 footsteps 1 versus 1 dazzled 1 leg 1 subdivision 1 nascar 1 canyon 1 terror 1 work 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 it 's 1 landing 1 unto 1 itched 1 images 1 shrill 1 service 1 ways 1 emerged 1 forever 1 pro 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 engulfed 1 6 1 feeling 1 inaccurate 1 stickers 1 outta 1 opportune 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 engineers 1 screw 1 structures 1 greedy 1 mixed 1 collisions 1 sylvia 's 1 weight 1 prowler 1 stock 1 full 1 tough 1 dead - heads 1 dreamt 1 penetrating 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 aliens 1 bucks 1 recognized 1 limit 1 loves 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 y' all 1 hidden 1 however 1 extinct 1 grow 1 bird 1 calved 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 crushed 1 drowned 1 chums 1 jug 1 bounced 1 site 1 robert 1 year 1 net 1 algid 1 shadow 1 75 1 announcer 's 1 shambling 1 muscles 1 comedy 1 bush 1 shawl 1 wharf - side 1 screeching 1 motion - sickness 1 shucks 1 communiqu 1 glimpse 1 filthy 1 colombian 1 too - small 1 gramophone 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 craggy 1 breakfast 1 possession 1 private 1 listed 1 montana 1 mohicans 1 cover 1 maternal 1 developments 1 hiccupping 1 marine 1 forged 1 watchdog 1 combed 1 rain 1 hunters 1 very 1 intoned 1 winches 1 welter 1 odds 1 beefy 1 churning 1 slouched 1 eon 1 coughed 1 dry 1 became 1 carson 's 1 numbers 1 ruins 1 overhead 1 strip 1 monotone 1 smashed 1 handle 1 eh 1 equipment 1 dress 1 blurry 1 ambient 1 dedicated 1 bringing 1 lining 1 reputable 1 stopped 1 etymologist 1 zippers 1 retired 1 cold - cocked 1 typed 1 amen 1 pitch 1 waitresses 1 rusted - out 1 improbable 1 ukulele 1 pricked 1 tryin ' 1 companions 1 elementary 1 sat 1 tower 1 losing 1 sundress 1 inspiring 1 argued 1 stampede 1 cop 1 bottomless 1 approached 1 hungrily 1 remembered 1 often 1 intensity 1 wales 1 thus 1 bits 1 chirr 1 supercalifragilisticexpialidocious 1 aquarium 1 changes 1 hold 1 described 1 whiskey 1 hemp 1 indicate 1 named 1 operate 1 labor 1 prison 1 periphery 1 starry 1 great - grandma 1 hour 1 tracks 1 toddler 1 relay 1 scholarship 1 expiration 1 sent 1 occupied 1 mounds ' 1 impressive 1 profanity 1 pavilions 1 crawl 1 motor 1 coke 1 alarm 1 graduated 1 raised 1 royal 1 rejoinder 1 smelled 1 broadcast 1 nostrils 1 broke 1 protest 1 inexplicably 1 chattering 1 slot 1 feed 1 lingered 1 man 'd 1 space 1 lives 1 truth 1 hollywood 1 weeds 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 1950s 1 savage 1 poses 1 female 1 fake 1 inciting 1 heroic 1 clove 1 firearms 1 reeked 1 prehistoric 1 branch 1 fuel 1 kill 1 wisely 1 suchlike 1 haggard 1 presumably 1 squat 1 women 1 thirty - six 1 angeles 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 stale 1 furiously 1 children 1 day 1 hay 1 lulled 1 contortions 1 engineer 1 suppose 1 needle 1 hole - in - the - wall 1 garbed 1 faces 1 companies 1 costume 1 single 1 signal 1 wasps 1 drew 1 yuppie 1 copping 1 mildly 1 comprehension 1 plexiglass 1 television 1 contrary 1 signature 1 shoes 1 dna 1 knocking 1 admitted 1 redneck 1 darted 1 intact 1 appeared 1 backward 1 ding - dong 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 lookin ' 1 propped 1 displeasure 1 bleach 1 lethargic 1 glad 1 vengeance 1 reno 1 warn 1 low - gliding 1 macaroni 1 cared 1 toe 1 erectile 1 quote 1 seismic 1 mike 1 depiction 1 stream 1 conjured 1 spare 1 headlock 1 non- 1 parted 1 miscreants 1 dope 1 reparation 1 dreams 1 trip 1 response 1 pecker 1 weird 1 dialing 1 dredged 1 clad 1 rights 1 specialty 1 bust 1 pastures 1 native 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 tribal 1 spain 1 machinery 1 walking 1 bank 1 covered 1 dirty - faced 1 slap 1 samoan 1 wispy 1 knees 1 unhitch 1 they ' ve 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 struggle 1 rodeo 1 holiday 1 handmade 1 pacific 1 boarded 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 near - fainting 1 unreasonable 1 weighed 1 deals 1 marmalade 1 intersected 1 cluster 1 mother 1 rude 1 shook 1 dust 1 driver - side 1 grandfather 1 retiree 1 prosthesis 1 unpleasant 1 true 1 pontiac 1 grabs 1 incongruously 1 looks 1 background 1 chastely 1 sven 1 remote 1 leaf 1 goodbye 1 meninges 1 believe 1 burrow 1 high - centered 1 flee 1 reveal 1 trailing 1 moving 1 muckety - mucks 1 anywhere 1 solid 1 debate 1 creepy 1 garble 1 mounted 1 change 1 springs 1 longingly 1 thirty 1 yellowish 1 stashed 1 smoker 's 1 expecting 1 beneficial 1 faring 1 unnatural 1 confiscated 1 ghetto 1 rag 1 schoolmates 1 familiar 1 machine 1 crowded 1 absentee 1 assumed 1 forehead 1 dysfunction 1 washington 's 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 child - god 1 pull 1 monkey 1 thirty - second 1 swearing 1 small 1 dread 1 wind - burned 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 found 1 hurled 1 elicit 1 click 1 staring 1 diagrams 1 bigger 1 adventures 1 canadian 1 maples 1 gaggle 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 vice 1 sunk 1 unsettling 1 dozen 1 swallow 1 moines 1 zilch 1 skinny 1 chugging 1 shabby 1 nearly 1 complicity 1 sensational 1 jeeps 1 held 1 clear 1 pierced 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 rerun 1 fiddle 1 minute 1 tampered 1 purposes 1 bullet 1 school 1 secretaries 1 suffer 1 talkin ' 1 stealthy 1 pause 1 turns 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 once 1 cursed 1 killed 1 anesthesia 1 dangerously 1 adrenaline 1 expired 1 seamy 1 jailing 1 navigated 1 sunburn 1 starlet 1 headed 1 withdrawal 's 1 preserve 1 trailers 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 joined 1 amid 1 comrades 1 flare 1 manila 1 past - due 1 version 1 payout 1 desperado 1 sprint 1 tag 1 exploits 1 correct 1 u - turn 1 momentary 1 80s 1 watcha 1 general 1 hypotheses 1 spelled 1 two - tone 1 lovely 1 deep - space 1 quiet 1 bitter 1 closer 1 fooled 1 club 1 prepared 1 list 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 extremely 1 complain 1 tunnel 1 speeding 1 flirting 1 cloud 1 thrum 1 raise 1 gotten 1 hunter 1 pathetic 1 homes 1 acid 1 safety 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 rote 1 poster 1 unlike 1 controversy 1 chance 1 beers 1 scoop 1 convertible 1 instant 1 favored 1 imagery 1 glue 1 cinder - streaked 1 scout 1 wreckage 1 tube 1 thumbed 1 indices 1 armpit 1 schmuck 1 bagged 1 marooned 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 glasses 1 limbaugh 1 stalled 1 epiphany 1 swivel 1 stacks 1 mart 1 drowsed 1 abc 1 mosey 1 hang 1 crossed 1 shop 1 rear 1 phenomena 1 squirted 1 listen 1 spectrum 1 derelict 1 q 1 touching 1 shake 1 football 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 lowlife 1 reduced 1 repair 1 discotheque 1 live 1 tepid 1 doldrums 1 soul 1 confessing 1 deed 1 melodrama 1 reddening 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 h 1 consumed 1 chitin 1 structure 1 oh - two 1 woulda 923 .
strappado - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 strappado 394 the 278 and 192 a 190 of 114 to 110 his 104 in 91 he 69 was 52 kenshi 48 with 41 from 40 at 39 it 38 on 37 swayne 35 for 34 him 33 were 32 had 30 their 28 that 27 as 24 them 22 an 21 they 20 by 20 or 19 into 18 said 18 one 18 been 15 you 15 he 'd 15 this 15 all 14 no 13 her 13 like 13 there 12 van 12 man 12 up 12 black 12 kenshi 's 12 through 11 what 11 but 11 over 11 i 11 guzman 10 after 10 if 10 be 10 so 10 made 10 hotel 10 walther 10 iblis 10 out 9 hendrika 9 she 9 much 9 another 9 red 9 thought 9 did n't 9 when 9 door 9 around 8 white 8 would 8 rashid 8 few 8 off 8 about 8 face 8 not 7 near 7 more 7 such 7 men 7 three 7 then 7 yet 7 day 7 wore 7 fedor 6 who 6 plastic 6 its 6 group 6 back 6 andersen 6 went 6 your 6 left 6 music 6 american 6 world 6 is 6 old 6 open 6 blue 6 himself 6 which 6 these 5 even 5 job 5 go 5 away 5 came 5 do n't 5 new 5 again 5 only 5 none 5 air 5 too 5 edge 5 until 5 down 5 several 5 water 5 each 5 blond 5 ever 5 friend 5 cigarette 5 once 5 enough 5 noted 4 everyone 4 local 4 show 4 i ' m 4 could 4 hair 4 later 4 turn 4 under 4 smiled 4 narrow 4 would ' ve 4 regarding 4 come 4 next 4 company 4 some 4 guests 4 know 4 stood 4 lamps 4 got 4 began 4 viking 4 returned 4 lay 4 bit 4 bar 4 although 4 indian 4 during 4 darkness 4 breathed 4 caught 4 eyes 4 art 4 gathered 4 might 4 two 4 let 4 will 4 monastery 4 suit 4 blood 4 between 4 tour 4 laughed 4 called 4 found 4 while 4 floor 4 barrels 4 she 'd 4 along 4 before 3 me 3 farther 3 gone 3 people 3 wet 3 behind 3 streets 3 rather 3 bottles 3 who 'd 3 discoth 3 dream 3 shoot 3 never 3 dark 3 series 3 they 'd 3 little 3 was n't 3 those 3 say 3 neck 3 soon 3 end 3 shadows 3 voice 3 disco 3 welcome 3 any 3 look 3 explained 3 good 3 heard 3 vodka 3 last 3 against 3 certainly 3 i ' ve 3 why 3 course 3 seemed 3 other 3 discovered 3 walls 3 gravel 3 number 3 now 3 waited 3 how 3 far 3 realized 3 exhibition 3 dirt 3 closed 3 phone 3 ken 3 fellow 3 belly 3 perhaps 3 apartment 3 reunion 3 comprised 3 above 3 knew 3 thank 3 hell 3 trench 3 nothing 3 outside 3 business 3 vans 3 drink 3 pressed 3 shared 3 bulldozer 3 feet 3 drained 3 every 3 mouth 3 own 3 had n't 3 aside 3 japanese 3 relatively 3 are 3 long 3 took 3 second 3 it 's 3 half 3 close 3 light 3 still 3 very 3 que 3 curtains 3 deep 3 approached 3 similar 3 cloth 3 whiskey 3 reporter 3 others 3 here 3 put 3 appeared 3 within 3 dressed 3 because 3 shoulder 3 swayne 's 3 mumbai 3 hand 3 small 3 nearly 3 across 3 finally 3 night 3 five 3 club 3 side 3 shirt 3 town 3 short 3 head 3 room 3 first 2 dropped 2 installations 2 tables 2 ran 2 ear 2 breath 2 return 2 stone 2 photographer 2 heavily 2 drugs 2 arms 2 thigh 2 building 2 real 2 country 2 that 's 2 sight 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 locations 2 european 2 doing 2 get 2 mate 2 something 2 tiger 2 foreign 2 sporadic 2 area 2 machetes 2 extent 2 moss 2 represented 2 wine 2 drainage 2 patrons 2 assembled 2 many 2 fat 2 god 2 orange 2 disconnected 2 college 2 way 2 german 2 software 2 presented 2 cigarettes 2 alone 2 swept 2 modules 2 rules 2 possible 2 recurring 2 metal 2 poured 2 introduced 2 gave 2 preferred 2 we 2 than 2 living 2 suspected 2 they 're 2 chest 2 wave 2 kind 2 comfort 2 muggers 2 spaces 2 electric 2 actually 2 shed 2 awful 2 warehouse 2 colleagues 2 ceiling 2 authorities 2 weekend 2 most 2 rang 2 wall 2 fact 2 seen 2 meet 2 probably 2 paper 2 everywhere 2 make 2 big 2 snatched 2 hanging 2 property 2 squeezed 2 clothes 2 else 2 busy 2 foam 2 swamp 2 advertising 2 impending 2 wanted 2 soft 2 sex 2 well 2 news 2 ball 2 yeah 2 leaned 2 abandoned 2 road 2 form 2 being 2 possessed 2 various 2 bony 2 windows 2 wrists 2 walk 2 carried 2 bled 2 shot 2 kilometers 2 acknowledged 2 caused 2 suite 2 french 2 slacks 2 field 2 anonymous 2 forth 2 member 2 time 2 handsome 2 u 2 cell 2 international 2 suddenly 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 interviews 2 days 2 curtain 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 porch 2 events 2 whilst 2 sitar 2 via 2 victrola 2 place 2 help 2 thin 2 cracked 2 choked 2 flesh 2 naked 2 eye 2 jungle 2 market 2 south 2 assistant 2 york 2 contact 2 promised 2 answered 2 utterly 2 doors 2 think 2 atop 2 tickled 2 line 2 need 2 does 2 difficult 2 wondered 2 trucks 2 tourists 2 rashid 's 2 pants 2 mostly 2 rental 2 lover 2 suits 2 buffet 2 pavilion 2 courts 2 have 2 erasing 2 whatever 2 grass 2 emotional 2 interior 2 float 2 static 2 pushed 2 grimly 2 spoke 2 arm 2 shirts 2 belts 2 guerilla 2 smoked 2 suburbs 2 cold 2 password 2 english 2 stared 2 guzman 's 2 lived 2 thick 2 antiquated 2 fucking 2 home 2 large 2 couple 2 hands 2 laughter 2 grand 2 my 2 history 2 legs 2 started 2 leg 2 emerged 2 forever 2 civilized 2 weight 2 find 2 site 2 shadow 2 breakfast 2 slav 2 tonight 2 knocked 2 firm 2 rain 2 i 'll 2 nonetheless 2 tight 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 strip 2 blanket 2 stopped 2 companions 2 sat 2 weeks 2 sun 2 six 2 remembered 2 free 2 dangled 2 clay 2 banyan 2 link 2 wedged 2 beer 2 public 2 entry 2 asshole 2 oddly 2 cameras 2 must 2 faces 2 since 2 swung 2 wooden 2 lost 2 watched 2 led 2 spare 2 wear 2 pale 2 native 2 covered 2 asked 2 empty 2 beneath 2 fashion 2 rushed 2 anywhere 2 protested 2 crowded 2 point 2 dread 2 dozen 2 inevitable 2 pause 2 paint 2 films 2 heavy 2 see 2 weather 2 general 2 bitter 2 acid 2 frenchmen 2 resultant 2 instant 2 glasses 2 years 2 bought 2 circular 2 openings 2 party 2 tennis 2 high 2 saw 2 scene 1 greeting 1 supplied 1 concludes 1 london 1 swiveled 1 married 1 eschew 1 inevitability 1 panaflex 1 clang 1 declared 1 corn 1 midair 1 expressions 1 verandas 1 steadily 1 going 1 gloves 1 wild 1 wealthy 1 k 1 lucid 1 bench 1 confab 1 flattened 1 project 1 estimate 1 sheets 1 swarm 1 death 1 loaded 1 blinds 1 semicircle 1 matter 1 flopped 1 invited 1 owned 1 stifled 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 miserable 1 cocooned 1 experimentation 1 pacified 1 ashamed 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 really 1 squatted 1 hacked 1 sweat - stained 1 thunderclouds 1 whom 1 tires 1 wash 1 obi 1 speculating 1 curiously 1 expose 1 rose 1 episode 1 heaped 1 forays 1 prohibition 1 bronzed 1 anymore 1 panel 1 surprise 1 already 1 fetched 1 ghost 1 commented 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 vigorously 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 square 1 tightly 1 tap 1 envy 1 evening 1 devices 1 insiders 1 environments 1 plantations 1 virtue 1 personal 1 allegedly 1 malta 1 goggled 1 banker 1 trauma 1 table 1 yellow 1 dominoes 1 exposure 1 trading 1 pulse 1 vast 1 lofty 1 villas 1 met 1 realizing 1 port 1 travelers 1 logical 1 blasted 1 translations 1 referred 1 polite 1 considering 1 gentleman 1 arrived 1 lid 1 laws 1 stamps 1 advertised 1 driven 1 cities 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 rushing 1 offered 1 shut 1 lest 1 alcove 1 precinct 1 motes 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 regular 1 abruptly 1 gothic 1 anxious 1 gnats 1 surviving 1 carpets 1 huge 1 tree 1 third 1 fog - shrouded 1 dumped 1 unsealed 1 jealousy 1 shock 1 clamped 1 strains 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 furrows 1 hot 1 retorts 1 elsewhere 1 absence 1 lilies 1 plain 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 vasilov 1 bazaar 1 smell 1 distorted 1 birmingham 1 want 1 lemon 1 experiences 1 christian 1 large - scale 1 bath 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 sheet 1 exist 1 siblings 1 right 1 necessary 1 charming 1 conditioning 1 humming 1 proscribed 1 card 1 sick 1 measures 1 creepers 1 four 1 alchemy 1 staggered 1 day - glo 1 halftracks 1 fringes 1 meat 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 entire 1 artists 1 tools 1 conversations 1 surreptitious 1 purchased 1 luck 1 mercifully 1 imperial 1 listened 1 paneled 1 tie 1 sea 1 scandalized 1 coils 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 blocking 1 elite 1 yesterday 1 advance 1 viewings 1 silent 1 snaked 1 trapped 1 argentinean 1 exclaimed 1 bangalore 1 recoil 1 popped 1 terraced 1 hard - bitten 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 elderly 1 bollywood 1 exact 1 self - loathing 1 wry 1 collegiate 1 gorge 1 remaining 1 crap 1 imported 1 investment 1 dreaming 1 quick 1 illnesses 1 bloody 1 dilapidated 1 terrace 1 nina 1 running 1 nervous 1 apprehension 1 dewlapped 1 models 1 refused 1 questions 1 hire 1 beyond 1 illegible 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 relations 1 pit 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 kinda 1 canada 1 embedded 1 alcohol 1 months 1 shaken 1 kept 1 dear 1 rotting 1 handshakes 1 past 1 condos 1 passed 1 backside 1 swished 1 timidity 1 kerosene 1 balcony 1 modernized 1 guides 1 doorman 1 britain 1 shit 1 privately 1 conversation 1 sighs 1 misgivings 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 earlier 1 dusty 1 determined 1 ploughed 1 moments 1 overly 1 affection 1 enormous 1 goes 1 notice 1 hookah 1 motion 1 tourism 1 confines 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 forgotten 1 designers - fran 1 bed 1 urine 1 homeless 1 respective 1 coddling 1 neatly 1 great 1 scarcely 1 europeans 1 sullen 1 walled 1 pictures 1 butt 1 envelope 1 violates 1 follow 1 effort 1 continued 1 timbuktu 1 endless 1 woman 1 sticky 1 grates 1 zero 1 image 1 copy 1 countrymen 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 friday 1 jean 1 ignored 1 supple 1 palpably 1 unease 1 viking 's 1 droves 1 regret 1 roamed 1 interested 1 corrosive 1 lime 1 congregated 1 gozo 1 pissing 1 someone 1 sure 1 foreigners 1 soundlessly 1 onto 1 whole 1 phones 1 guru 1 dorm 1 rattled 1 delhi 1 michelle 1 nose 1 breasts 1 glumly 1 screamed 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 lying 1 trembled 1 rubbed 1 intertwined 1 convoluted 1 occasional 1 dissolution 1 ultimately 1 quickening 1 s 1 grimy 1 pleasant 1 disconsolate 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 acid - filled 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 beat 1 snow - cool 1 cap 1 soot 1 co - host 1 barriers 1 flicked 1 comptroller 1 did 1 bugs 1 chalk - faced 1 evening 's 1 immensity 1 announced 1 erections 1 businessman 1 endeavor 1 ripe 1 mini 1 sweet 1 prepping 1 fence 1 parked 1 waist 1 wallet 1 slender 1 rust 1 hat 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 blizzard 1 reedy 1 there 's 1 village 1 sounds 1 dappled 1 wheeled 1 unplugged 1 gangs 1 neither 1 survived 1 part 1 where 1 lifeless 1 insane 1 braced 1 lifetime 1 bellicose 1 upon 1 plates 1 stayed 1 employer 1 resumed 1 rim 1 folklore 1 basket 1 patrolled 1 sloppy 1 buddhists 1 stripes 1 placate 1 locals 1 ached 1 enthused 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 adjoined 1 seven 1 pasture 1 jerk 's 1 bioluminescent 1 west 1 museum 1 pipe 1 shriveled 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 registered 1 rub 1 flat 1 elbow 1 compatriots 1 unzipped 1 vendor 1 calamity 1 fly 1 less 1 talker 1 casually 1 dance 1 ink 1 tasted 1 accent 1 creaked 1 skull 1 lukewarm 1 stuck 1 identity 1 roaring 1 devil 1 almost 1 fbi 1 bellowing 1 deserted 1 contacts 1 toward 1 yeah - good 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 eminent 1 washed 1 obliviously 1 fluorescent 1 science 1 mr 1 crowd 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 slashed 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 passing 1 odor 1 choose 1 tensions 1 teardrop 1 grew 1 displayed 1 mumbled 1 fabric 1 scorched 1 robes 1 film 1 mist 1 handed 1 impression 1 liquor 1 spot - a 1 ahead 1 non 1 glass 1 location 1 indians 1 playing 1 resisted 1 label 1 forced 1 inside 1 likely 1 shorter 1 barely 1 cluttered 1 settled 1 rings 1 satellite 1 floodlights 1 drinks 1 remove 1 pursuit 1 docile 1 scattering 1 whooping 1 mind 1 offing 1 lag 1 award 1 import 1 sleek 1 alley 1 carpet 1 noose 1 crushingly 1 accented 1 paved 1 lower 1 accounts 1 edifice 1 branding 1 some - thing 1 dashing 1 wingtip 1 paintings 1 scummy 1 harris 1 sender 1 electrified 1 muttered 1 stage - whispered 1 worthy 1 oxford 1 except 1 hand - scrawled 1 crackled 1 casino 1 faux 1 wankers 1 oise 1 honeydew 1 deposited 1 entered 1 curry 1 sweltering 1 hung 1 aftermath 1 powerful 1 manner 1 shamelessly 1 eclectic 1 thrill 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 breaker 1 exit 1 consultant 1 culture 1 kilroy 1 bathhouses 1 guide 1 blared 1 speakers 1 abutted 1 dissolving 1 humiliating 1 elusiveness 1 dishes 1 broken 1 reports 1 pimp 1 doctors 1 desolate 1 harbor 1 polished 1 concentrated 1 sharp 1 alleys 1 gaped 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 followed 1 strange 1 borrowed 1 development - perhaps 1 quasi - political 1 trek 1 meant 1 straight 1 santa 1 complexion 1 sandaled 1 grata 1 swilled 1 farewells 1 subdued 1 walkways 1 executive 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lie 1 flights 1 chief 1 derived 1 keening 1 july 1 possibly 1 funeral 1 may 1 presently 1 different 1 displays 1 functional 1 demarcated 1 casinos 1 pleasure 1 glances 1 forearm 1 extraordinary 1 candle 1 tigers 1 blocks 1 crying 1 blimp 1 corridor 1 cabs 1 opium 1 hard 1 styling 1 brilliantly 1 ominous 1 entertained 1 surely 1 flickering 1 sundry 1 vied 1 swimmer 1 toppled 1 managed 1 fag 1 rubbish 1 exploded 1 haunches 1 surmounted 1 scouting 1 scale 1 heels 1 clumps 1 inveterate 1 tape 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 pigs ' 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 picasso 1 also 1 distribution 1 sheds 1 aboard 1 heritage 1 erosion 1 outright 1 albeit 1 golden 1 brows 1 galleries 1 adversity 1 estates 1 exhaustion 1 standing 1 cut 1 lent 1 evidence 1 participant 's 1 palestinian 1 1970s 1 vaulted 1 dialed 1 plains 1 chambers 1 rural 1 scratchy 1 camera 1 illuminate 1 safer 1 royalty 1 fingered 1 overwhelmed 1 transplantation 1 posed 1 estimation 1 chuckled 1 played 1 seawalls 1 guess 1 cream - colored 1 ancient 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 amsterdam 1 decades 1 north 1 chick - ens 1 chamber 1 slices 1 tripod - mounted 1 dubious 1 suite 's 1 afraid 1 photographed 1 weathergirl 1 you 'll 1 would n't 1 coupling 1 accustomed 1 ascend 1 coiled 1 tossed 1 smiles 1 filled 1 dying 1 string 1 turned 1 happier 1 auction 1 consented 1 edged 1 politely 1 sacks 1 tin 1 developers 1 rudimentary 1 outskirts 1 boxes 1 pushing 1 throat 1 guys 1 loosened 1 netherlander 1 shooting 1 words 1 violations 1 alongside 1 shallow 1 mahogany 1 citizen 1 ditches 1 agonizing 1 sapporo 1 panels 1 box 1 hired 1 pine 1 shiny 1 distant 1 charge 1 boleros 1 christmas 1 columns 1 ice 1 cutthroats 1 chin 1 spent 1 scars 1 idiot 1 magic 1 rail 1 gift 1 issued 1 accompany 1 partying 1 discarding 1 chickens 1 nearby 1 miasma 1 grinned 1 particularly 1 effect 1 moved 1 bushes 1 backs 1 pop 1 cowardice 1 trying 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 reinforced 1 major 1 obscured 1 disembodied 1 idly 1 bastard 1 drifting 1 infamous 1 intensified 1 vigor 1 adventurer 1 massed 1 serve 1 cock 1 stumbling 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 previous 1 slack 1 imagine 1 seal 1 board 1 panama 1 land 1 lights 1 automatons 1 elbows 1 lots 1 stupor 1 seventeenth - century 1 girth 1 upright 1 insignia 1 trigger 1 worked 1 ladies 1 ended 1 picking 1 demeanor 1 crepes 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 regardless 1 snappy 1 winos 1 stretch 1 blushed 1 vomit 1 western 1 rendezvous 1 slums 1 pairs 1 certain 1 barrel 1 occur 1 mosquito 1 bunch 1 lascivious 1 directly 1 amount 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 slides 1 police 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 told 1 flown 1 galoshes 1 kliegs 1 occasionally 1 gold - red 1 cloaked 1 absurdity 1 genuinely 1 intervals 1 swiping 1 heads 1 manors 1 inland 1 jet 1 taught 1 emaciation 1 smiling 1 expanse 1 libelous 1 grandparents 1 drums 1 meanwhile 1 settlement 1 yourself 1 fugue 1 iron - hot - affair 1 stroked 1 tapped 1 city 1 testicles 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 buffoon 1 hated 1 kissed 1 curled 1 crooked 1 infrastructure 1 antiquity 1 ankles 1 helpless 1 fuming 1 liaison 1 house 1 houses 1 earth 1 disintegrating 1 denial 1 boyfriend 1 young 1 thankful 1 center 1 slipped 1 sconces 1 physical 1 gel 1 glitzy 1 arrange 1 relentless 1 sickly 1 melody 1 prefabricated 1 hazardous 1 power 1 lighted 1 code 1 reception 1 sneered 1 claim 1 tears 1 raul 1 cornice 1 girl 1 british 1 exotic 1 swarms 1 plopped 1 swiftly 1 unworthiness 1 systems 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 welcomed 1 well - heeled 1 submit 1 flaccidity 1 let 's 1 siamese 1 unless 1 alight 1 content 1 hours 1 canvas 1 designer 1 buses 1 wood 1 ashtrays 1 anyway 1 whoever 1 below 1 sentiment 1 romance 1 cantina 1 ministry 1 speak 1 temporary 1 equally 1 recreational 1 clue 1 layers 1 warned 1 painted 1 mock 1 waving 1 sagging 1 call 1 gingerly 1 filed 1 escort 1 items 1 syncopation 1 whomever 1 high - rise 1 significant 1 extended 1 scofflaw 1 volunteered 1 tentacle 1 amazed 1 bathhouse 1 talk 1 heartbeat 1 splash 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 severed 1 nam 1 post 1 easily 1 arrive 1 bathing 1 opposite 1 war 1 spanish 1 arrival 1 atlantic 1 memorial 1 climbed 1 lip 1 honey 1 sculptures 1 leeched 1 producer 1 beast 1 amongst 1 predicted 1 guttered 1 oh 1 joint 1 hatefully 1 language 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 wordlessly 1 colonial 1 hydrochloric 1 misshapen 1 promotion 1 directions 1 recording 1 earshot 1 extraordinarily 1 assured 1 lifting 1 circulated 1 main 1 morning 1 pumped 1 cross - fire 1 reminded 1 fizzed 1 mercy 1 grumbling 1 drive 1 effects 1 crumbling 1 deep - sea 1 arch 1 opening 1 rubber 1 autumn 1 marble 1 life 1 moment 1 betrayed 1 odd 1 drably 1 orbit 1 bombing 1 minsk 1 model 1 tenth - floor 1 lasted 1 terrible 1 avenue 1 fractious 1 spotted 1 addition 1 jocularity 1 cattle 1 subterranean 1 sky 1 beginning 1 heat 1 brass 1 rifles 1 italian 1 similarly 1 plucking 1 ignore 1 map 1 half - concealed 1 dreamed 1 everglades 1 faintly 1 dull 1 case 1 eerie 1 obscenity 1 seam 1 frequencies 1 bucket 1 ago 1 hindu - flavored 1 suzuki 1 slip 1 fearless 1 machete 1 labyrinthine 1 together 1 crossbones 1 lounge 1 battered 1 animal 1 photo 1 closet 1 dilettante 1 dreary 1 compartmentalized 1 handful 1 yards 1 continent 1 purple 1 spooky 1 sensation 1 exhibitions 1 balls 1 understood 1 introductions 1 happened 1 impact 1 thoughts 1 brutally 1 conglomerate 1 commonplace 1 random 1 mexico 1 viet 1 raising 1 oil 1 everybody 1 twos 1 contents 1 butts 1 barbarian 1 vine 1 broads 1 smuggled 1 opened 1 signs 1 speaker 1 collection 1 smothered 1 hotels 1 burgeoning 1 cia 1 provided 1 clothed 1 baroque 1 proceed 1 belt 1 sidewalk 1 violent 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 types 1 disk 1 accepting 1 abroad 1 spine 1 credit 1 balaclavas 1 cheerfully 1 breeze 1 become 1 expect 1 louder 1 awake 1 smartly 1 recognition 1 pleased 1 nightclubbing 1 swing 1 driver 1 chose 1 scant 1 feature 1 hollow 1 cranked 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 thinking 1 nervously 1 stifle 1 heart 1 restaurants 1 talked 1 concession 1 vicious 1 bribe 1 acquaintance 1 love 1 wishing 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 lobby 1 work 1 scarred 1 stories 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 lock 1 commerce 's 1 unto 1 tolerance 1 shrill 1 service 1 exceedingly 1 feeling 1 re - creating 1 unconsciousness 1 thanks 1 peeled 1 silence 1 fords 1 cruises 1 attention 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 blood - warm 1 tropical 1 countries 1 exile 1 discover 1 stock 1 melancholy 1 finished 1 semen 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 sarongs 1 hidden 1 block 1 however 1 naturalized 1 sly 1 exertions 1 crushed 1 brief 1 nausea 1 outlined 1 year 1 usa 1 ashtray 1 embarrassment 1 booze - drenched 1 we ' ve 1 sniping 1 considered 1 balaclava 1 borne 1 moist 1 fore 1 screeching 1 witness 1 gangway 1 pears 1 subset 1 trees 1 nights 1 consulate 1 indulgently 1 heel 1 mosaic 1 limey 1 infected 1 command 1 skin 1 flawless 1 smithee 1 seeped 1 nice 1 strappado 1 cultivated 1 unexpected 1 pairings 1 became 1 dry 1 sniffing 1 popular 1 whispery 1 exactly 1 hey 1 septic 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 smashed 1 sluiced 1 epitome 1 eh 1 dress 1 doubtful 1 wilderness 1 not - happening 1 preferably 1 deeply 1 retired 1 storage 1 slick 1 debauchers 1 cloying 1 ring 1 steam 1 freshly 1 satisfaction 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 belligerently 1 instructed 1 retracted 1 waxed 1 quantity 1 connecticut 1 cars 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 gardening 1 whirlwind 1 frames 1 hirsute 1 quality 1 passport 1 tips 1 vision 1 thus 1 daily 1 brushing 1 conjecture 1 profoundly 1 one - time 1 bright 1 summer 1 roman 1 laden 1 hold 1 rotating 1 felt 1 same 1 named 1 nightclub 1 rich 1 nabobs 1 sarcasm 1 explanation 1 hour 1 sent 1 occupied 1 droplets 1 additions 1 rumor 1 clanged 1 den 1 lark 1 smelled 1 mauling 1 broke 1 chain 1 bangkok 1 netting 1 white - bread 1 space 1 lives 1 recriminations 1 hollywood 1 passage 1 slid 1 explosions 1 arrested 1 macabre 1 luis 1 chocolate 1 wharfs 1 influenced 1 ruts 1 inducted 1 reeked 1 thunderously 1 assuredly 1 surf 1 slideshow 1 piles 1 visited 1 pulls 1 supine 1 slapping 1 fully 1 lavish 1 children 1 stroll 1 turbans 1 huddle 1 reflected 1 body 1 garbed 1 darwin 1 titillating 1 style 1 vines 1 companies 1 eardrum - shattering 1 hole 1 single 1 drew 1 pocket 1 mildly 1 faded 1 shoes 1 persona 1 pulled 1 lockers 1 howl 1 sale 1 crates 1 segued 1 intact 1 ushered 1 interpol 1 chewing 1 lethargic 1 always 1 donated 1 banded 1 fro 1 alive 1 insulating 1 bloated 1 sulu 1 lifeblood 1 contingent 1 strolled 1 alan 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 somewhat 1 stream 1 echoed 1 taxi 1 how 'd 1 acutely 1 quarter - mile 1 pools 1 track 1 dreams 1 trip 1 dizziness 1 methodically 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 travel 1 bank 1 collection - estate 1 untucked 1 youth 1 garden 1 perfectly 1 enlisting 1 knees 1 coterie 1 done 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 stench 1 idea 1 corner 1 sallow 1 acclimated 1 cocktail 1 confided 1 hillsides 1 slightly 1 equal 1 slaughter 1 awaited 1 fishily 1 techno 1 englishman 1 marauding 1 exaggerated 1 glitter 1 story 1 nightmare 1 press 1 tarps 1 swallowed 1 capsized 1 laboring 1 argue 1 coast 1 uneven 1 pond 1 hangovers 1 quickly 1 otherwise 1 terminal 1 promises 1 gloom 1 scratched 1 could n't 1 darkened 1 yes 1 secure 1 marathon 1 daylight 1 boor 1 perimeter 1 mildest 1 tourist 1 cyclopean 1 gunny 1 randomly 1 fragments 1 crisp 1 cocktails 1 glowed 1 misgiving 1 travels 1 looming 1 womb 1 calmness 1 neglect 1 unauthorized 1 confiscated 1 forthcoming 1 swimmingly 1 tremor 1 junkets 1 seniors 1 familiar 1 humidity 1 cried 1 blazer 1 blocks - the 1 trap 1 appeasing 1 avoiding 1 pull 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 shuffle 1 lungs 1 marshes 1 instead 1 drank 1 vase 1 florid 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 sunk 1 crucified 1 limes 1 low 1 held 1 baggy 1 take 1 hangover 1 tapping 1 ivory 1 developed 1 minute 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 elegant 1 volunteers 1 westerners 1 claude 1 formal 1 stems 1 tri - headed 1 circumstances 1 kolkata 1 fell 1 surrounded 1 cursed 1 killed 1 brazen 1 window 1 starless 1 persistent 1 champagne 1 owners 1 jap 1 scattered 1 prospect 1 obstreperous 1 present 1 funneled 1 headed 1 preserve 1 drove 1 recorders 1 ate 1 stem 1 copies 1 eyeless 1 exhibit 1 designated 1 health 1 drown 1 discarded 1 tried 1 shops 1 walked 1 comparing 1 enjoy 1 gradually 1 grimaces 1 lagoon 1 bourbon 1 subsided 1 attired 1 ramp 1 gently 1 projected 1 accident 1 sampler 1 snarled 1 tell 1 leave 1 meager 1 stage 1 earnestly 1 appointed 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 congruently 1 fired 1 delirium 1 sneaked 1 expense 1 affair 1 shepherded 1 modern 1 completely 1 bees 1 lines 1 translucent 1 gold 1 looking 1 coonskin 1 melt 1 victor 1 chance 1 favored 1 impediment - he 1 commenced 1 glue 1 name 1 scout 1 learn 1 buried 1 vertigo 1 skip 1 gelled 1 confinement 1 pens 1 anything 1 group 's 1 burn 1 pseudonym 1 cream 1 us 1 emotions 1 brought 1 threaded 1 avoided 1 exhibits 1 homeland 1 buttock 1 elbow - length 1 touching 1 ridge 1 underground 1 stupid 1 remained 1 times 1 past- 1 be - hind 1 success 1 team 1 noises 1 appearance 1 venues 1 picture 1 tokyo 1 chopping 927 .
peasants harvesting corn , burros , bearded revolutionaries .
within the enclosures the corn crops were green and flourishing ; horses and cattle , ricks and various buildings , were scattered about it .
i buried it and smoothed the dirt flat , then sprinkled some dried corn stalks over it .
' she looked at me and said , ' my friend joan , when the corn is grown , even before it has ripened , while the milk of its mother earth is in her , and the sunshine has not yet begun to paint her with her gold , the husbandman she pull the ear and rub her between her rough hands , and blow away the green chaff , and say to you , ' look !
she 's good corn , she will make a good crop when the time comes . ''
but you do not find the good husbandman dig up her planted corn to see if she grow .
i have sown my corn , and nature has his work to do in making it sprout , if she sprout at all , there 's some promise , and i wait till the ear begins to swell .
can you tell me how the indian fakir can make herself to die and have been buried , and her grave sealed and corn sowed on it , and the corn reaped and be cut and sown and reaped and cut again , and then women come and take away the unbroken seal and that there lie the indian fakir , not dead , but that rise up and walk amongst them as before ? '
can you tell me how the indian fakir can make herself to die and have been buried , and her grave sealed and corn sowed on it , and the corn reaped and be cut and sown and reaped and cut again , and then women come and take away the unbroken seal and that there lie the indian fakir , not dead , but that rise up and walk amongst them as before ? '
i have told them how the measure of leaving her own barren land , barren of peoples , and coming to a new land where life of woman teems till they are like the multitude of standing corn , was the work of centuries .
he trod over broken corn stalks and rolling mounds of dirt .
it was a vast meadow of brown and yellow grasses and broken stalks of corn .
starting with pumpkin - spiced candles , autumn - harvest centerpieces and outdoor , decorative corn displays ; a touch of halloween was soon added with colorful bat lights , ghostly decorations and an assortment of carved pumpkins with candles .
inside , detectives tom and larry evaluated the only evidence available : muddy shoe prints that led from the corn field to the inside of the house ; a scented candle that now burned near the bottom ; and a cup of cocoa that had been spilled on the carpeting , cup laying on its side .
stephanie had been dragged out the patio door , back into the cornfield ( or should be called ` ` soybean field '' as the farmer alternated soy and corn each year ) and then dragged about a half - block to where the field met road .
as the enraptured ichabod fancied all this , and as he rolled his great green eyes over the fat meadow lands , the rich fields of wheat , of rye , of buckwheat , and indian corn , and the orchards burdened with ruddy fruit , which surrounded the warm tenement of van tassel , his heart yearned after the damsel who was to inherit these domains , and his imagination expanded with the idea , how they might be readily turned into cash , and the money invested in immense tracts of wild land , and shingle palaces in the wilderness .
in one corner stood a huge bag of wool , ready to be spun ; in another , a quantity of linsey - woolsey just from the loom ; ears of indian corn , and strings of dried apples and peaches , hung in gay festoons along the walls , mingled with the gaud of red peppers ; and a door left ajar gave him a peep into the best parlor , where the claw - footed chairs and dark mahogany tables shone like mirrors ; andirons , with their accompanying shovel and tongs , glistened from their covert of asparagus tops ; mock- oranges and conch - shells decorated the mantelpiece ; strings of various - colored birds eggs were suspended above it ; a great ostrich egg was hung from the centre of the room , and a corner cupboard , knowingly left open , displayed immense treasures of old silver and well - mended china .
farther on he beheld great fields of indian corn , with its golden ears peeping from their leafy coverts , and holding out the promise of cakes and hasty- pudding ; and the yellow pumpkins lying beneath them , turning up their fair round bellies to the sun , and giving ample prospects of the most luxurious of pies ; and anon he passed the fragrant buckwheat fields breathing the odor of the beehive , and as he beheld them , soft anticipations stole over his mind of dainty slapjacks , well buttered , and garnished with honey or treacle , by the delicate little dimpled hand of katrina van tassel .
without looking to the right or left to notice the scene of rural wealth , on which he had so often gloated , he went straight to the stable , and with several hearty cuffs and kicks roused his steed most uncourteously from the comfortable quarters in which he was soundly sleeping , dreaming of mountains of corn and oats , and whole valleys of timothy and clover .
for some reason , other than her name , all i could pull was a vision of rows of knee - high corn stalks .
nothing out there but soybeans , corn and pasture , dairying operations , poultry and such .
they re probably taking off corn , or maybe soybeans .
when george realized what he was seeing he had a mental image of the man having been turned into an unholy living corn dog .
behind them , flat fields of corn stretched off into the distance , stark green against a blue sky dotted with clouds .
i gnashed my teeth like i was eating an invisible corn on the cob .
after taking a second to steady , the mouse sat back and clutched the meat in two adorable hands and nibbled as if the finger was a cob of corn smothered in butter .
if he was nt pulling godfrys feet out of the river mud , he was detangling his walking stick from the bean sprouts or unhooking his satchel from the corn stalks .
he made his way onto the firmer ground bordering the corn stalks and reached back for his teachers arm , helping him up the slope .
beside him , godfry followed the fingertip to the riverbank beneath them , squinting at churned mud and trampled corn stalks .
kep goin on an on bout em , how they was in all the wrong places , how there was too many of em to fit right them corn - pickers were nt too flustered by it , though .
it looked like the drooping boughs of a fully - developed weeping willow , only instead of leafy green boughs , these boughs brought forth a cascade of black , corn - silk hair .
` ` the corn is in the kitchen , with mr . and mrs . eisner .
torches surrounded them in the clearing , only yards from the overgrown fields , where fruit and corn once grew , when the curtis family was rich .
he s waiting in the corn , sleeping .
the morning air was humid , dew covering the corn rows and trees .
looking ahead , joshua saw the corn stalks .
sean ducked into the corn rows , joshua providing the light , anna behind him .
her witchs cap tangled in a corn stalk , but she pulled it away .
the walk through the corn took a few twists , anna almost tripping on some tall weeds .
on the ground , surrounded by leaves , weeds , and corn shucks , was a short set of old cement steps .
miles of corn and fruit .
this year , however , the lord finally saw fit to provide an abundance of rain to make up for past deficiencies and the corn responded by tipping the night sky like a dense forest .
looking up approvingly and staying close at his heels , his shaggy companion followed his master through endless rows of corn , past the old grey barn and up to the steps of the clapboard farm house .
smoke billowed from his corn cob pipe as he looked out into the fields .
thunder had blown the door away , peeled its hinges back like a corn husk .
it was as if the corn was reading her thoughts wanting her to drive into its bloody path .
amys bottom lip trembled as she slowly drove up next to the opening in the corn .
and really what she was seeing in her mind was nt rows of corn on each side but two demon faces .
they were demon puppets with long stalks of green corn connected to their hideous faces making their eyes and mouth move .
and the bloody garage hidden deep in the corn at the end of the dirt path was the puppet master .
the sight of angel larson soaked in blood and lurking in the corn with a hatchet compelled her to do so .
angel swung her hatchet , cutting through the corn with bloody intent .
she slaughtered her way through the field as tall stalks of corn made harsh , shrill like screams with each slash .
the blast of red raced down the path , flattening corn with ungodly speed .
she tried to move but the demon corn began crawling up her leg and around her waist .
soon her entire body had become engulfed by the corn , mummifying her , leaving only a small section open around her eyes so she could see her oncoming death .
no fairy tales in this new dark world sweet little princess with the beautiful long blonde hair , only haunting tall tales of bloody horrors hidden deep in the corn .
as far as she was concerned she would ve been just fine sitting back in her lawn chair under the sun , sipping her long island ice tea , smoking her virginia slim lights while watching her husband mark give her bedroom eyes as he mowed the grass , and then have bbq chicken on the grill with corn on the cob and mashed potatoes and that badass sugar cream pie , and maybe just maybe her husband would fist fuck her again like he did the other night .
part 4 angel bloody angel 1974 the engine of the chevelle unearthed a low rumble as it turned down the narrow dirt path between the cornfield off of 750 w. the tall stalks of corn going slowly past the window reminded angel of driving through the carwash with her dad when she was little .
the small garage seemed claustrophobic amongst the tall stalks of corn .
crickets chirped outside among dew soaked corn .
the only audible sound was the eerie buzzing of crickets and cicadas and the wind sifting through the corn outside .
but as quickly as it showed itself it had disappeared back into the shadows of the corn .
and with that she ran through the busted hole out into the corn screaming heathers name hysterically .
heathers screams from far off in the distance , somewhere in the corn .
their voices echoed back and forth , floating over the corn .
like a scared child she covered her ears trying not to hear the horrific sound far off in the corn .
a bubbling , gurgling sound floated across the corn to the garage .
the only noise now was the chirping of crickets and the light wind rustled tone of swaying corn .
the police are nt going to believe some evil monster from the corn came out of nowhere and went on some bloody killing spree .
stalks of corn stood at attention pointing towards midnight blue cumulous clouds drifting across the blood red sky .
angel heard the haunting voice from somewhere out in the corn , in the distance .
then , the small sound of a child crying came from the corn .
she reached her hand out to the little boy to show she was safe but then an old man with an unkept beard and a brown leather strap slid out from the corn and stood next to the boy .
she was more in shock than anything ; shocked that she persevered over the creature from the corn .
she cried because she knew ron was right when he said that no one will believe her- that some bloodsucking scarecrow from the corn came in and slaughtered everyone .
but mostly , she cried because she could feel the hot breath of the beast blowing on her neck behind her with its fowl stink of musty old corn and diesel circling around up into her nostrils , making her want to heave .
she did nothing though but stand there in her best friends blood and her own piss , wishing that she would have opted out of going out tonight and that it was better to stay at heathers and play with amy until her two year old self fell into dreamland where there was no blood , broken bones , metal trap mouths or haunting blood sucking creatures out in the corn .
she felt the weight of its girth remove itself from her body and the horrid stench of blood , corn and crows distance itself from her senses , but only vaguely .
out there in the corn , yeah , just right out there , if you open your eyes you can see it just beyond that gaping hole in the garage , jack is gon na be pissed .
she glanced around one last time and ran out into the night ; the black corn mocking her quick steps to nowhere .
* she made it to the end of the dirt path and could see the lights from inside the garage shining dimly over the corn .
the corn towered above her in the already muggy early morning air .
the corn is sleeping .
ai nt shit out here but corn .
fuck fuck fuck and suck suck suck dumb pretty girl that s all you are what are you gon na do with your life your blood no good big girl now your twenty two beauty school fuck queen loser loser sit around bored all night watch heather get high god i love her does she know i love her senior year bored timothy got a hard on wo nt stand up when that bell rings you forgot the sugar cream pie honey how can i focus on the spanish inquisiton when all i wan na do is fuck fuck fuck and suck suck suck splash my girly goo on rons chevelle sounds like fun sittin on heathers bed saturday night painting fingernails blood red waaaay down inside yooouuuu need it jungle exotic rhythm sex trip mind fuck heathers trippin angel clear head laughing oh what a night shhh do nt wake baby amy corn swaying hot wind blowing bloody nightmare come to life i bathed in her blood scream scream scream high and loud angel just like when you get fucked mrs smith sucking on a virginia slim blow smoke out like a dragon oh now angelica do nt you know no one is going to believe you silly dumb girl would like another piece of sugar cream pie mmmm tastes good mrs smith just like your daughter when i dream of her sex in my mouth steve you better tell your girl to shut her damn mouth dark room swaying lightbulb dirty bloody sex show for mom dad and grandma sitting in foldout chairs cheering on their bloody daughter drowning in menstrual blood ca nt breathe words of encouragement as they watch her masturbate with blood wetted fingers willy willy wo nt go home wicked school children chant audreys gon na get you screaming upside down at three am mouth full of metal sharp teeth its just some jerk playing a trick on us blood her in bathed i your pretty face is going to hell smoking hot slut face raven black hair screaming down a dirt path to hell or nowhere loud angry engine revs dancing days are her again no future going knowhere smoke a joint angel its ok its only weed its only rock and roll heather says morticia your bleeding my names not morticia timothy i had a nightmare last night the worst i ever had beaded sweat angels inner thigh that sweet pussy smell make you high drifting through her short short shorter shorts i m a street walking cheetah with a heart full of napalm i do nt want to die angel please take care of my baby i wan na fuck you till the morning light feel the juice run down my leg make me fall right out of bed i think i peed in rons mouth that s not piss sis ooohhhh you girls get out of my rhubarb patch run angelica run were all dead her hair is black as the devil she runs with the crows she s crawling on the floor up to my bed wet sheets wet sheets feeling it in between been masturbating since the age of thirteen red eyes jagged mouth drug heather across the floor very alive lifeless body speaking to angel why did you let him take me away angel all skin and bone mommy use to take her close off for men why did you let go of me angel its called a poloraid camera blood her in bathed i your hands were bloody scream angel scream scream at the sky dad can you help me with my math bleed bleed bleed some more do nt you know daddy your little girl is a whore impaled with knives hung upside down to much happening all at once found love lost love all in one night no sugar tonight blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood in her bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood in her bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood red her in bathed i blood her in bathed i redi bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood red this is dispatch can you hear me ? bloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodblood oh damn !
roughly three fourths of the way down on devils bluff from where he found angel , a dark , shadowy opening in the corn lay just ahead of them on the right .
cautiously , they went to the large opening in the corn .
up ahead about twenty feet well within the smothering corn was the old white garage .
a quick gust of warm air burst through the engulfing corn around them .
this lasing glitch will be the cause of many sleepless nights filled with terror , and will wake him in his sleep , sweaty and screaming in the dark at three a.m. at the ceiling , rubbing his eyes in confusion not knowing for sure if that was a shadow outside his window or heather smith crawling out of the corn , dragging her skin bag body across his yard and up to his window .
and once she was on the once revered hot spot for sex crazed teenage boys with loud engines and too much testosterone ( now just an old dirt road leading to an unwanted memory ) she drove slowly , keeping an eye out for that dreaded opening in the corn .
amy sat in the dark , surrounded by stalks of corn swaying gently back and forth- a distant sound of thunder still lingered far away .
as she did , a cold chill of fear pricked at her skin when she thought at any moment angel larson was going to jump out from the corn , swinging her hatchet trying to break her window and drag her out by her blonde locks and chop off her head .
her fingernails scraped across the pavement , eerily similar to the way her mother scraped her fingers across the garage floor twenty years ago by the hideous creature from the corn .
tall stalks of corn from the surrounding cornfields pointed at the sky looking like black knives awaiting approval from the gods to go forth and slaughter .
all they wanted was to be left alone to work on their pickup trucks and to grow their tobacco and their corn and hunt their deer and make their babies and go to their churches .
he told me that one year , just for spite , lovell bell got so angry with the sharecroppers who worked the tobacco and corn bases over in bowen that he cursed them all with a plague of locusts .
forty acres grew corn : tall and tasseled , soon ready for harvesting .
jamila chided them , calling them by name , telling them there was plenty of corn for all .
she poured out the rest of the corn and stepped back to let the goats in , the steel pail swinging in her hand .
she read the corn label and thought , why in the world do they label it sweet corn .
i have never in my life seen or eaten or even heard of sour corn .
it was like removing a kernel of corn from a stick of soft butter .
in the past , before the zombie outbreaks , he had used satellite images to research how much corn and soybeans were being planted and harvested in the world .
ten minutes later she passed a ragged sign posted by the side of the road , just between the ditch and the first row of corn .
cora latham had filled their plates with pork chops , brown beans , corn bread , green beans and sliced , fried potatoes .
mudheads started going down like corn stalks in front of the truck .
you see the mountain , and hill following after hill , as wave on wave , you see the woods and orchard , the fields of ripe corn , and the meadows reaching to the reed - beds by the river .
the ground shook as though thousands of horses thundered across it ; and this time the storm bore on its icy wings , not snow , but great hailstones which drove with such violence that they might have come from the thongs of balearic slingers -- hailstones that beat down leaf and branch and made the shelter of the cypresses of no more avail than though their stems were standing corn .
they d feasted on and eradicated his tomato plants and then moved on to his corn , which he used to make whiskey with a homemade still .
sunday , they had nearly devoured almost all his corn and moved on to attack his beloved marijuana plants .
the corn stalks and tomato bushes were trampled or eaten , but far more infuriating to charlie , every single one of his nearly nine foot tall marijuana plants were gone .
this was the place his soul longed to be , not rotting away in the country , lost among the corn .
he was certainly better off among the corn .
crops could easily be grown on one side , probably corn and potatoes , they could put in a vegetable garden as well .
arnie went over to the stove and began shaking the pan , where the corn was picking up speed .
whatever had leaped out of him and spoken against the cop was gone now ; the bird had plucked it out like a worm from an ear of corn .
the creamed corn had congealed in its bowl .
but the corn pany 's not ready to let it rest , even now .
it looked as if it had been taken at a roadside stand ; there were baskets of cucumbers and corn behind them .
sometimes they get a ' worldly person ' to buy them a bottle or a case of iron city beer , and sometimes they drink their own stuff , a really murderous corn shine you would n't wish on your worst enemy .
you hafta realize we were out there almost seven goddam hours , parked in the corn and waiting for those two dirtbags to come back .
` ` they are going to grow like corn in august , my dear .
will would run the a through the high grass of the back field , which was kept for hay , toward either the south field ( potatoes ) , the west field ( corn and beans ) , or the east field ( peas , squash , and pumpkins ) .
starting in july , there was picking as well as hoeing - peas and radishes first , then the lettuce and the tomatoes that had been started in the shed - boxes , then the corn and beans in august , more corn and beans in september , then the pumpkins and the squash .
but the day you can outrun my best will be the day i quit this place and go back to picking corn on the circuit . ''
then i went over to coach , who looked mad enough to chew nails and spit out staples , and i said : ` ` looks like it 's time you got out on the circuit and started picking corn .
he was n't nothing but an animal , but it does n't take much to put up an animal 's wind when it 's been chased like a weasel in the corn for four years .
` ` your father want you to pick corn ? ''
` ` you do n't have to pick corn or go do some pussy job ? ''
confucius say if man want to grow one row of corn , first must shovel one ton of shit .
he had splashed a lot of that milk on his corn flakes at aunt cindy 's house .
from the hot interior had come the sound of wasp bodies popping like corn .
on both sides of the road there was green corn , and it stretched away endlessly .
something was in the corn and it was watching him .
something dark was in the corn .
he looked , and saw two burning red eyes far back in the shadows , far back in the corn .
he dreamed oddly , and all he could remember upon waking was that he seemed to have been walking through endless rows of green corn , looking for something and terribly afraid of something else that seemed to be behind him .
and that began to fade into cold terror as he became aware that something was in the corn , watching him .
yes , corn .
he was in the corn , the green corn , and the smell was summer earth and cow manure and growing things .
he was in the corn , the green corn , and the smell was summer earth and cow manure and growing things .
he got to his feet and began to walk up the row he had found himself in , stopping momentarily as he realized he could hear the soft whicker of the wind flowing between the july corn 's green , swordlike blades ... and something else .
this house sat in its clearing and the corn stretched away in all four directions as far as the eye could see ; it was broken only on the north by a dirt road that dwindled away to a point on the flat horizon .
he feels he could just stand where he is for the rest of the day , watching the old black woman sitting on her porch held up by jacklifters in the middle of all this nebraska corn , stand here west of omaha and a little north of osceola in the county of polk , listening .
i be right - chere , right here - he came awake bit by bit until nebraska was gone , and the smell of the corn , and mother abagail 's seamed , dark face .
but he could n't really believe , at least not in the bright day of this early morning , that they were actually going to find an old negro woman sitting on her porch in the middle of a field of corn and accompanying herself on a guitar while she sang hymns .
that night he dreamed of the man with no face standing on the high roof , his hands stretched out to the east , and then of the corn - corn higher than his head - and the sound of the music .
that night he dreamed of the man with no face standing on the high roof , his hands stretched out to the east , and then of the corn - corn higher than his head - and the sound of the music .
she had run like an indian through the corn .
he dreamed he was in a field of corn , lost there .
so he followed the sound , breaking through one row of corn to the next when he had to , at last coming out in a ragged clearing .
they were in a small clearing , an island in a sea of corn .
he began to play the tune they had followed through the corn , but better and faster than the old woman .
` ` joe , do you ever dream about ... uh , corn ?
only in this dream he knew the black man was coming , striding through the corn , knocking his own twisted swathe through the corn , his terrible hot grin spot - welded to his face , coming toward them , closer and closer .
only in this dream he knew the black man was coming , striding through the corn , knocking his own twisted swathe through the corn , his terrible hot grin spot - welded to his face , coming toward them , closer and closer .
in his arms , borne like an offering as he strode through the corn , he held the decaying body of rita blakemore , now stiff and swollen , the flesh ripped by woodchucks and weasels .
just an ordinary sinner was all she was , and at night when the wind came up and blew through the corn it frightened her to think that god had looked down at a little baby girl poking out between her mother 's legs back in early 1882 and had said to himself : i got to keep her around a goodish time .
he was a shadow passing through the corn at noon , a cold pocket of air , a gore - crew peering down at you from the phone lines .
and sometimes there was no sound at all but the lonely rustle of the nightwind in the corn but she would know he was there and that was the worst of all , because then the man with no face seemed only a little less than god himself ; at those times it seemed that she was within touching distance of the dark angel that had flown silently over egypt , killing the firstborn of every house where the door post was n't daubed with blood .
but he also saw that gary sites was handing him something more than a chance at survival : gary was giving him a chance to prosper with the rest of the corn belt .
she paused in the middle of the yard , looking out at the sea of corn , broken only by the dirt road going north toward duncan and columbus .
the corn was going to be fine this year , and it was such a shame that no one would be around to harvest it but the rooks .
no sound but the creak of the rope against the branch and the crows off in the corn .
she screamed and the force of her cry seemed to break the room apart , to let in darkness , and she was mother abagail again one hundred and eight years old , too old , my lord , too old ( but let thy will be done ) , and she was walking in the corn , the mystic corn that was rooted shallow in the earth but wide , lost in the corn that was silver with moonglow and black with shadow ; she could hear the summer nightwind rustling gently through it , she could smell its growing , wholly alive smell as she had smelled it all her long , long life ( and she had thought many times that this was the plant closest to all life , the corn , and its smell was the smell of life itself , the start of life , oh she had married and buried three husbands , david trotts , henry hardesty , and nate brooks , and she had had three men in bed , had welcomed them as a woman must welcome a man , by giving way before him , and there had always been the yearning pleasure , the thought oh my god how i love to be sexy with my man and how i love him to be sexy with me when he gets me what he gets me what he shoots in me and sometimes at the instant of her climax she would think of the corn , the bland corn with its roots planted not deep but wide , she would think of flesh and then the corn , when it was all over and her husband lay beside her the sex smell would be in the room , the smell of the spunk the man had shot into her , the smell of the juices she made to smooth his way , and it was a smell like husked corn , mild and sweet , a goodish smell ) .
she screamed and the force of her cry seemed to break the room apart , to let in darkness , and she was mother abagail again one hundred and eight years old , too old , my lord , too old ( but let thy will be done ) , and she was walking in the corn , the mystic corn that was rooted shallow in the earth but wide , lost in the corn that was silver with moonglow and black with shadow ; she could hear the summer nightwind rustling gently through it , she could smell its growing , wholly alive smell as she had smelled it all her long , long life ( and she had thought many times that this was the plant closest to all life , the corn , and its smell was the smell of life itself , the start of life , oh she had married and buried three husbands , david trotts , henry hardesty , and nate brooks , and she had had three men in bed , had welcomed them as a woman must welcome a man , by giving way before him , and there had always been the yearning pleasure , the thought oh my god how i love to be sexy with my man and how i love him to be sexy with me when he gets me what he gets me what he shoots in me and sometimes at the instant of her climax she would think of the corn , the bland corn with its roots planted not deep but wide , she would think of flesh and then the corn , when it was all over and her husband lay beside her the sex smell would be in the room , the smell of the spunk the man had shot into her , the smell of the juices she made to smooth his way , and it was a smell like husked corn , mild and sweet , a goodish smell ) .
she screamed and the force of her cry seemed to break the room apart , to let in darkness , and she was mother abagail again one hundred and eight years old , too old , my lord , too old ( but let thy will be done ) , and she was walking in the corn , the mystic corn that was rooted shallow in the earth but wide , lost in the corn that was silver with moonglow and black with shadow ; she could hear the summer nightwind rustling gently through it , she could smell its growing , wholly alive smell as she had smelled it all her long , long life ( and she had thought many times that this was the plant closest to all life , the corn , and its smell was the smell of life itself , the start of life , oh she had married and buried three husbands , david trotts , henry hardesty , and nate brooks , and she had had three men in bed , had welcomed them as a woman must welcome a man , by giving way before him , and there had always been the yearning pleasure , the thought oh my god how i love to be sexy with my man and how i love him to be sexy with me when he gets me what he gets me what he shoots in me and sometimes at the instant of her climax she would think of the corn , the bland corn with its roots planted not deep but wide , she would think of flesh and then the corn , when it was all over and her husband lay beside her the sex smell would be in the room , the smell of the spunk the man had shot into her , the smell of the juices she made to smooth his way , and it was a smell like husked corn , mild and sweet , a goodish smell ) .
she screamed and the force of her cry seemed to break the room apart , to let in darkness , and she was mother abagail again one hundred and eight years old , too old , my lord , too old ( but let thy will be done ) , and she was walking in the corn , the mystic corn that was rooted shallow in the earth but wide , lost in the corn that was silver with moonglow and black with shadow ; she could hear the summer nightwind rustling gently through it , she could smell its growing , wholly alive smell as she had smelled it all her long , long life ( and she had thought many times that this was the plant closest to all life , the corn , and its smell was the smell of life itself , the start of life , oh she had married and buried three husbands , david trotts , henry hardesty , and nate brooks , and she had had three men in bed , had welcomed them as a woman must welcome a man , by giving way before him , and there had always been the yearning pleasure , the thought oh my god how i love to be sexy with my man and how i love him to be sexy with me when he gets me what he gets me what he shoots in me and sometimes at the instant of her climax she would think of the corn , the bland corn with its roots planted not deep but wide , she would think of flesh and then the corn , when it was all over and her husband lay beside her the sex smell would be in the room , the smell of the spunk the man had shot into her , the smell of the juices she made to smooth his way , and it was a smell like husked corn , mild and sweet , a goodish smell ) .
she screamed and the force of her cry seemed to break the room apart , to let in darkness , and she was mother abagail again one hundred and eight years old , too old , my lord , too old ( but let thy will be done ) , and she was walking in the corn , the mystic corn that was rooted shallow in the earth but wide , lost in the corn that was silver with moonglow and black with shadow ; she could hear the summer nightwind rustling gently through it , she could smell its growing , wholly alive smell as she had smelled it all her long , long life ( and she had thought many times that this was the plant closest to all life , the corn , and its smell was the smell of life itself , the start of life , oh she had married and buried three husbands , david trotts , henry hardesty , and nate brooks , and she had had three men in bed , had welcomed them as a woman must welcome a man , by giving way before him , and there had always been the yearning pleasure , the thought oh my god how i love to be sexy with my man and how i love him to be sexy with me when he gets me what he gets me what he shoots in me and sometimes at the instant of her climax she would think of the corn , the bland corn with its roots planted not deep but wide , she would think of flesh and then the corn , when it was all over and her husband lay beside her the sex smell would be in the room , the smell of the spunk the man had shot into her , the smell of the juices she made to smooth his way , and it was a smell like husked corn , mild and sweet , a goodish smell ) .
she screamed and the force of her cry seemed to break the room apart , to let in darkness , and she was mother abagail again one hundred and eight years old , too old , my lord , too old ( but let thy will be done ) , and she was walking in the corn , the mystic corn that was rooted shallow in the earth but wide , lost in the corn that was silver with moonglow and black with shadow ; she could hear the summer nightwind rustling gently through it , she could smell its growing , wholly alive smell as she had smelled it all her long , long life ( and she had thought many times that this was the plant closest to all life , the corn , and its smell was the smell of life itself , the start of life , oh she had married and buried three husbands , david trotts , henry hardesty , and nate brooks , and she had had three men in bed , had welcomed them as a woman must welcome a man , by giving way before him , and there had always been the yearning pleasure , the thought oh my god how i love to be sexy with my man and how i love him to be sexy with me when he gets me what he gets me what he shoots in me and sometimes at the instant of her climax she would think of the corn , the bland corn with its roots planted not deep but wide , she would think of flesh and then the corn , when it was all over and her husband lay beside her the sex smell would be in the room , the smell of the spunk the man had shot into her , the smell of the juices she made to smooth his way , and it was a smell like husked corn , mild and sweet , a goodish smell ) .
crouched on the verge of the road , between the gravel shoulder and the corn , was a large brown weasel .
one of those fellows could go out and pick her two dozen butter - and - sugar ears of corn , and they would have themselves a good sit - down feed outside .
now the engine sound was much louder and in a moment , where the corn gave way for cal goodell 's cattle wade - yes , she could see it , an old chevrolet farm truck , moving slow .
she got them to spread her red - checked tablecloth on the far side of the apple tree and the two women , olivia and june , spread the picnic lunch while the men went off to pick corn .
the corn twinkled away in all directions like a ransom of emeralds .
tom cullen spent the morning running up and down the rows of corn , his arms outstretched , scaring up droves of crows .
tom was in the corn , scaring crows - an occupation he seemed to find endlessly diverting .
tom cullen came running out of the corn , silk clinging to his shirt and pants and long blond hair .
he looked out over the corn and wondered what was going to become of them .
in an old , cracked , but strong voice she would cry out : weasels in the corn !
he 'd know you could fertilize corn with pigshit if you mixed it right , and he 'd know how to pickle cukes , but he would never be able to understand a car loan agreement , or to figure out how the dealers managed to rook him every time .
please my lord , my lord , please my lord - but the image that rose was of a lonely stretch of dirt road in a sea of corn .
and there , shouldering its way out of the corn like a ragged silver ghost , was a huge rocky mountain timberwolf , its jaws hanging open in a sardonic grin , its eyes burning .
and then the wolves , four of them , had come out of the corn like ragged spirits of the dead .
the other retreated almost to the edge of the corn , whining uneasily .
it was a thing in the corn , a thing walking in the corn , hunting for him , perhaps .
it was a thing in the corn , a thing walking in the corn , hunting for him , perhaps .
kojak lay shivering , waiting to see if this thing would find him , this horrible thing that felt like a man and a wolf and an eye , some dark thing like an ancient crocodile in the corn .
` ` dangerous ... '' trouble crossed over tom 's face , like a cloud shadow slowly crossing a midsummer field of corn .
a snatch of lyric occurred to her , a dylan song , cold and comfortless : hunted like a crocodile ... ravaged in the corn ... and on the heels of that , some other song , an eagles song , suddenly frightening : and i want to sleep with you in the desert tonight ... with a million stars all around ...
the car was littered with mcdonald 's boxes and taco bell wrappers ; the interior smelled like an old corn chip .
standing at the end of the dirt road that cut through the wild corn was a small winnebago camper with a winch attachment on the front .
lucky to have corn in ninemonth at all .
here , dozens of corn ears were bound with rough hanks of rope and stacked like cordwood .
if the corn was poor , then jack could not imagine what would constitute good corn over here - they were the biggest ears he had ever seen in his life .
if the corn was poor , then jack could not imagine what would constitute good corn over here - they were the biggest ears he had ever seen in his life .
buddy had grown up with the smell of farmland and barnyard , of manure and growing corn and pea vineries , and the unwashed clothes of this boy beside him had absorbed all these familiar odors .
down here , close to the old man , he could smell sour sweat , mildew , and some sweet bland smell like corn .
corn muffins , calf's - foot jelly , things that looked like chicken legs but tasted of ... what ?
liz chimed in again , speaking with the composed and pleasant voice of a woman addressing a gardening club - perhaps on the subject of when to plant corn , or how to tell when your tomatoes will be ready for harvesting .
the peas were coming on and the corn was rearing up good , as uncle frank would have said .
bobbi had a garden of about an acre and a half -beans , cukes , peas , corn , radishes , and potatoes .
bobbi 's patch of garden was going great guns c the corn was taller than any gardener had seen on his way north from arcadia beach , and her tomatoes were going to be blue ribbon winners .
whoever he was , he won most of the christians in town over to his own lively version of the faith by the time the corn was ready for picking c much to the despair of mr hartley , who ministered to the methodists of ilium and troy , and mr crowell , who looked after the spiritual welfare of baptists in ilium , troy , etna , and unity ( the joke in those days was that emory crowell 's parsonage belonged to the town of troy , but his piles belonged to god ) .
for a moment forty - two - year - old justin hurd 's mind was totally open to four - year - old david brown 's , and david understood that justin was ripping his entire garden to pieces , plowing the unripened corn back under , tearing up the pea - patch , squashing the new melons to pulp under the wheels of his tractor .
beach jernigan went out to justin 's place one day while justin was out harrowing up the crops in his west field ( he plowed under twelve acres of corn that day , sweating profusely , lips pulled back in a constant maniacal grimace as he worried about saving three rows of lettuces ) and dismantled the gadget , which consisted of cannibalized stereo components .
his far vision was still so perfect that he could have told a bean from a kernel of corn if you set both on a fencepost forty yards away , but his near vision was going to hell fast , now , and he had left his reading glasses back at marie and bryant 's c and he had an idea that if he went back to get them , he might find he had more to worry about than reading small print .
some of the corn was nearly as high as the sunflowers .
and he had to go ; the garden was already on fire , the giant sunflowers and huge cornstalks with their giant inedible ears of corn blazing .
two of the gigantic , flaming corn plants toppled onto the crenshaw woman , who shrieked and let go of the dune - buggy 's steering bar .
i knew tom loved corn .
i reasoned if i put corn on the supports , tom would eat his way to his demise .
the idea , tom would be so eager to eat the corn , he would climb up the plank and walk out onto the board .
tom walked out on the board greedily pecking away at the corn .
with tom picking away at the corn i leaped from the roof and swooped down on the defenseless bird .
it was a real downer to watch fat tom balance on the wire and strip the corn off , rubber bands and all .
sweet corn sweet corn , why they just do nt grow sweet corn like they use to , igod said .
sweet corn sweet corn , why they just do nt grow sweet corn like they use to , igod said .
they used to measure sweet corn by the bushel to the ear , like one half - bushel ear or three - quarter bushel ear .
why to hand pick an ear of corn most likely , as not , you d need a stepladder , big ole stepladder to boot .
she explained that she had wanted a whole bunch of things that people would n't let her have like her own snake -- a corn snake would do if they would n't let her have a real rattler -- and a plastic german world war two helmet , which did n't have to have a nazi sign on it if it upset them so much , but it had to look real , so that she could play with melvin jonson sometimes , and her parents had gotten mad at her for that and talked and talked about how that was bad until they made her cry , and a book called horrible ghost tales , and more importantly , her very own piece of a brain and she intended to get them all anyway .
neither are smashed tomatoes and corn flakes reduced to dust , molly replied as she surveyed the damage .
fortunately , the weather was doing its part to make cornfest better than last year when the wind blew over all the booths and scattered corn under the parked cars .
the corn was allegedly washed and put back up for sale .
rumor on the street is that the braxton library bought four new books on corn for the celebration and has them on display at the check out counter .
what , historic corn ?
and here is corn grown by lincolns brother for the inauguration , ralphy said in a basso profundo voice .
ready - to - harvest corn waited in fields next to the road alongside trees with apple red and banana yellow leaves that were soon to be pulled off by the rough autumn winds .
in earlier times , braxton was a corn field .
corn on a stick , no need to burn your fingers while enjoying delicious corn and my personal favorite , which i just know you ll enjoy .
he picked the lighter from the carpet and turned its wheel , grinding flint like corn ; two surfaces meeting , unequal ; soft and hard .
there must be something i can do to help your poor corn , he muttered .
mitch winced at the mention of burning corn , but replied calmly , no need to worry , mr . slug .
and they ' ve probably already taken their cows across my corn patch to reach the watering hole . ''
mitch winced at the mention of trampled corn , but raised his hand for silence .
` ` he 'll come with all his ranch hands and trample all my corn ! ''
i stared into my bowl of corn flakes and muttered , if you ca nt say anything nice , do nt say anything at all .
and the corn was creamed corn .
left straight through the field , leaving a trail in corn , that scamp ! ''
the monster mash had three main attractions : the main stage housed in the livestock building , a haunted house , and a corn maze .
the corn maze had closed at dark for obvious reasons .
so , maryann asked around a mouthful of corn dog , does this time of year make it easier for you to see stuff without spells ?
the fairgrounds was flat without a lot of trees or even tall grass except for the corn maze and the minimal lighting outside the main attractions created plenty of hiding places .
i mean , i know i ' m not where i was , but there 's the livestock building and there 's the haunted house and there 's the corn maze .
this is von dek corn .
lots of dope has formed , sitting on the edges of the golden flakes of corn like little turds .
we sat on the rocky cliff top and ate the packed lunch that we had prepared from the fruit , corn bread and cheese that we had bought at the market .
that was standard practice among some of the corn - kings walking supplies around famine areas and the more desolate regions of the badlands .
how appropriate ; it jogged his memory of the outward trip , and he noticed that someone had kindly vacuumed out his throne of the chick pea , dried noodle and corn spillage .
join us in our newest tour to bloomfield iowa , with rolling fields of corn and only one store in town you 're sure to taste the slow boring life you crave .
when their order was ready , xavier studied the small carton containers with rolled flute - like corn tortillas containing meat inside and swimming in red sauce .
smoking of tobacco , corn husks , twine , or mexican cigarettes is strongly discouraged , and herewise held in low esteem .
then changing the subject and answering to the unmistakable aroma of freshly popped corn he said , i m awful hungry , how about you ?
sara obliged and dropped the corn cob .
just like corn .
the van gogh painting was of a corn field filled with a flock of crows .
there were the gypsy children in the corn field , symbolized by the flock of crows .
hmm my old man was in the green corn rebellion .
they were rigid and otherworldly and as tall and thin as corn husks ; he learned they had converted to mennonite and joined their community .
do you have a predetermined plan of action for when you drive by a corn field at night ?
apparently it was made of corn , though it was nt yellow , and it was nt in the form of kernels , but something finer , and it was boiled .
on the other hand , they were able to grow some corn , though the fully - grown plants might be considered seriously anemic by anyone from iowa .
still , they produced enough ears of corn to satisfy most demands for potatoes sauted in corn oil .
still , they produced enough ears of corn to satisfy most demands for potatoes sauted in corn oil .
the garlic smelled great , but gwen knew that it had been sauted in corn oil .
` ` nothing more than city blocks of corn and wheat .
it covered the entire back of the house , and there was a roof over us that slanted down to a large field of green grass that stopped at the edge of the corn and wheat fields around the property .
the lists read : mr . white : burma shave vanishing cream lucky strikes harmonica penknife alligator house slippers , if available cufflinks shaped like oil wells otto : 2 pair black socks listerine corn pads phillips screwdriver lint brush big bottle elmer 's glue a cream - colored sixteen - foot cadillac with a red interior was part of the inheritance .
though the town had offered the square for it , woody had chosen to hold the concert at the farm of a man who had been involved in the green corn rebellion and local agrarian politics .
his ears popped and he craned his head over the side to see the yellow - and - green squares of corn fields , divided by the dark brown lines of dirt roads .
but now i fell asleep in a corn crib out beyond town and woke early the next day with the sun pouring in my face .
our economy is almost completely dependent on harvesting wheat and corn .
bel tried to bring those thoughts up to date , but for that reason the world is stuffed with them , and most are scratching around for corn , in low - rent sectors and making one sale a day .
anyway , he invited everybody into his pickard trilobite , which easily accommodated them , along with the big corn popper , a stock of food , a diesel generator , a computer , and some boxes of track - planning software .
traditionally , young consorts of the goddess corn cob were sacrificed on this day , to signify their entry into the underworld , beneath yorkville , where they had gone to fetch their sweethearts , who had been purloined by disser , the god of the underworld .
the most obvious one was to fight their way out , but first let 's see what they 're up against : a thin , towering tomato plant with two bulbous tomato fists punching together and rocking on two tomato feet -- a car - sized tumbleweed with its brambles acting as its legs , looking like a bony spider -- a man - shaped cacti plant made up of connecting biscuit - shaped segments with long needles protruding from its body , including three on either hand that made it look like wolverine claws -- snake - sized celery stalks with white feelers protruding from their heads -- a corn stalk with a cob for a head -- and a dark green mass of moss -- oooh , the odds did not look good for our heroes .
it depicted fields of corn and a lonely tree on a grassy knoll .
flash in the pan - cerreda medellin blues - jack kerouac even though i had a sister i always played alone just myself and me hunting in the corn i tripped and hit my head & got home late broke my toe while walking back crept inside and went to bed and nothing more was said never ever looked ahead dani in the shadows waiting patiently flash in the pan palindrome ( ` ` i madam , i made radio !
my sources tell me there s a farmers market with a corn maze about fifty miles from here and i was wondering if you d like to go with me .
so , have you ever been in a corn maze ?
so , is roaming around in a corn maze on your life achievement list ?
when they arrived at the farm he discovered he was nt the only one thinking a sunny sunday in late september would be a good day to wander around among stalks of corn .
perhaps a corn husk doll ?
the entire point of a maze is to get lost , he said to her as they plunged into the green - walled corridors , the floor lined with bark mulch and what looked like old corn husks .
because i do nt want to spend the rest of my natural life trying to get out of a corn maze ?
the corn was going by in a green blur .
this is a family corn maze .
he did nt push it , knowing the only thing worse than being caught in flagrante delicto by a bunch of kids and their parents would be the discomfort of finding corn stalks where corn stalks had no business being .
he did nt push it , knowing the only thing worse than being caught in flagrante delicto by a bunch of kids and their parents would be the discomfort of finding corn stalks where corn stalks had no business being .
but he could feel a girl up in a corn maze .
felt mice in gingham dresses with wire - framed glasses , corn cob pipes , jars of popping corn .
felt mice in gingham dresses with wire - framed glasses , corn cob pipes , jars of popping corn .
he insisted on buying her a corn husk doll .
outside the open window she heard the corn swish as a breeze blew through the fields .
shed also slipped in clean underwear because something about a drive in the country had suggested to her right away that evan had more in mind than traipsing through a maze of corn .
i bet we trod on the husks of this very corn , he said as they dug in .
since the high school sat in the valley only a few corn fields from his house , they walked through the frost - covered grass along the state highway .
collapse it did and utterly , in a flaming cloud of blackened corn chips and fizzy drinks , but not before the force of the explosion propelled duke nichego up and away from the flames and smoke , gripping the sides of his sturdy german toilet in abject fear .
their feet crunched on grass stiffened with early october frost , an icy shroud that transformed harvested stumps of corn into a field of brittle bones .
they saw no wildlife , apart from a handful of deer trotting through the dead corn and a great - horned owl that glided noiselessly through the forest .
many of us still remember going to school with little brown bags filled with a dutch loaf sandwich on white bread , a postage stamp sized bag of corn chips and an apple .
maybe he knows a way of getting rid of those corn stealers without building a ten - foot fence . ''
ben , meanwhile , was having his own problems ; while we 'd been away , the deer had been munching peas and beans and corn in the garden .
my job was to feed corn in a trough night and morning and take my 120 yearling merino books out to graze during the day .
pancho was none too fond of ministers , going back to when the local minister refused to bless his father 's corn crop and the growing season that followed turned out to be a disaster , forcing his father to give up the farm and go to work at a milk processing plant where one stormy evening he slipped and fell into a vat of 2 % milk and drowned .
none of which would have happened it the jerk narrow minded minister had just blessed the corn crop in the first place .
my roommate plays the guitar and on a long bus ride through the fields of corn we decided to write a song dedicated to a place the coastal people think is ohio .
oh iowa , you 're a heifer in a thong , do n't blame me if you think i ' m wrong , i ' m in a place where i do n't belong , i pray all day your corn will make me strong .
i ca n't tell one corn stalk from another .
hiding in the silk and green cover , all yellow corn here sister and brother , in a hot pot screaming for their mother .
anything you want to say about me , i play baseball , i drink beer and i live in a trailer , go ahead and tell it to the corn .
the corn do n't care .
shut up and get the corn cob out of your ear .
made him just another drunken leprechaun hiding like johnny in the corn and barley .
if he screws this up i m going to get him blind drunk and drop him in the middle of a corn field on a moonless night .
i guess they did nt migrate to places where you can make corn liquor , but you ca nt make wine , because the grapes are as wrong as the growing conditions .
if i explained it everything would be lost in the outfield and i do nt want to talk about corn and iowa anymore .
he liked to sleep under the stars , dance in the moon light , and run through fields of corn .
my community effort , along with my neighbors , was to weed and irrigate several long rows of potatoes and sweet corn .
the house was surrounded by a vegetable garden with tall corn stalks and fruit trees .
there the men gathered towards dusk to solve the worlds problems and share the local news , while the women , in the kitchens , ground walnuts and corn before cooking the evening meal .
* the garden opened onto a ripening field of golden corn .
too worthless to pick cotton and too poor to plant corn .
one spring she would ring the garden with the tall corn , another she would plant it in a cross through the middle .
she imagined the large leafed vines dancing around the garden like the designs that framed the mirrors of the oak dressers her father built and carved , and she planned how she would plant the corn stalks and then arrange the tomatoes around them so the tomato vines could climb the corn stalks .
she looked forward to dinners of juicy tomatoes with tender new potatoes and sweet young corn .
after he d slid a few spoonfuls of corn meal between her lips , colorless and thin as the edges of the spoons , and past her teeth , still there , where he had only three bottom and two top left , shed shaken her head , no more .
oh , they ll be planting corn in a few weeks , late april , early may .
but it looks like the fields are full of old corn stalks , margie complained .
imagine one planter doing twelve rows of corn thirty inches apart .
people here got to going after corn was harvested , and came back before spring planting .
a mortal ripens like corn and like corn is born again .
a mortal ripens like corn and like corn is born again .
i mean , you ca nt see to the end of some of the corn fields out here , and she waved her hand in some vague direction .
you could smell soft earth and old corn and oil .
they had worked through its contents like a corn picker , taking the best and spitting out the stalks , the little stuff , for later on .
and then again in the autumn when the corn has dried enough to be picked .
like the wind tonight , he was rapping at the window and asking me to tell yet one more time what it was that the rain had done last month and last year and when was it that the corn first had been picked the year previous .
you are a week later this year with the corn , i half shouted through the window and he nodded , satisfied , before moving back out into the weather .
and then , when the hitchings done , they come out of the lane , striding powerfully , pulling the one row corn picker into the edge of the field closest to the barn .
that was the afternoon that henry and burdell started down the last field of corn , i think , for this whole year .
i could see the growing pile of the corn in the center of the gravity box , where it would mound up .
i could see the chaff of the corn flying out and away from the two of them in the wind , and the progress they was making was good .
i remember the rusted orange color of the gravity box and the gold of the corn and the moist breathing of the horses as they rested just by the barn before making another round .
then i suppose henry would be about the fence for a day or so , mending , before the cows would be turned in to make what they could of the corn stalks .
# # the year she left , the parking lot was tilled and planted down to corn .
came back from the mill with the corn seedhybrid seed it was , not even open pollinatedthinking i was rational and all set to go .
i suppose the corn was part of that general rush to get settled that started right up the first we heard of the place .
five days later i had my ten acres of corn planted .
it was only later that i realized that i had the same crazy driven thought about the corn as about those bundles of oats .
i wound up discing and dragging the whole thing and then planting it to corn .
weak sickly stalks of corn .
so i went back to taking the hit on the corn crop , and staying on swing shift , and to movin ahead with stayin on .
soon the sheep would go , sold off to buy more hogs to hog down that disaster of a corn crop .
hogs was goin up that spring ; figured i might do all right , pay off the corn expenses by the fall anyway .
salt peter shot , offered burkemeister unimaginatively , and then they were off to talk of the coming corn harvest and the bean crop .
instead she was back in iowa , with its snow whipped by the wind across the stubble of corn fields , its snow piled deep in the ditches .
and we had good rain , so the corn and the beans came up good .
her uncle standing at the dining room window looking out at the massive sheets of endless rain , rain pouring , pounding down on his corn crop , drowning it out .
but ever since harold had given him that ride over to boaz in his yahama once , them riding the ditches , rocketing across the stubble of corn fields in the black of a moonless night , looking for them little markers to point the trail , he thought he d just go down in the car with marion for the friday fish frys and stick with his sheep .
she showed him each sapling , each bit of fencing , each load of manure piled here and there and the buckets she used to haul the water to pour around each corn , tomato and squash plant .
robert isaacs favorite was of a building all decorated with murals made from colored corn husks and other grains called the a - maizing corn palace somewhere in the middle of south dakota .
robert isaacs favorite was of a building all decorated with murals made from colored corn husks and other grains called the a - maizing corn palace somewhere in the middle of south dakota .
these items he hauled up to his farm where the junk filled up the front yard of his home and overflowed into the abandoned corn fields .
in a week or two she would plant the radishes , cukes , potatoes , tomatoes , squash , green beans , peas , and corn .
just some corn and beans and potatoes and he hunted and fished and they ate fine .
in the corner formed by the main house and the kitchen was a small storage room where chopped wood was stacked and rats ran rampant among the sacks of beans , rice and feed corn .
and he found a butter churn and corn shucker that still had some of the red paint on it in the barn that he could get some cash for .
just like a spy novel , he was to have contacted a jessica gordon in los lunas and ask her to dinner at teofilos restaurant with the authenticating phrase , our corn will probably mature early this year .
if she were to accept and respond with ill take all the corn you can produce , wade was to give her the package from ouachita memories in the parking lot of the restaurant .
the third one , lesser known , but probably equal in value in the art world , is a canvas called young corn .
that s young corn on the right with the contoured plantings on the rolling hills .
it was a painting all right , but it had nothing to do with corn .
wade , however , did per instructions work in the code phrase that the corn had been laid out to dry to let his pa know that the gal in los lunas had not shown up for the package , but that it had been securely stored .
upon spotting young corn hanging on the back of his pas bedroom closet door , it was obvious to wade that the east - bound runner had picked up the painting the day before wade arrived with the pay - off so much for relying on wade to get the job done .
he owned a sizeable property , detached and crumbling on the outskirts of town , lived alone but for a tribe of cats he was n't sure belonged to him , had an arrangement with a local couple whose names he always forgot , who cleaned and tidied his abode , inside and beyond , the garden , he felt sure , gateway to another planet , in return for his maintenance of their corns .
with long braids in my youth and long skirts , i planted corn on every piece of dirt .
immediately i pictured her shucking corn , clucking to the chickens , and slipping her delicate warm hands up and down eagerly waiting teats as she gave bossy relief from a full udder .
the previous week , on a drive out of boston , she had noticed a preternaturally early pumpkin sitting at the base of a shock of still green corn .
she wanted to use a system that was based on killing off a plot of indian white cap flint corn .
they had found a few more minutes alone while shucking corn .
earwigs and japanese beetles , tomato worms and slugs , the gray excrescences of corn smut .
she was running along the lane that passed through a twelve acre stand of red pines , then , ran alongside a field of timothy and another field of corn , to the hay barn that stood across the dirt road from the main house of the chimneys .
as she came to a turn in the lane where the short side of the corn field abutted the long side of the gray - green timothy , she used her arms as wings to bank into the curve .
wileys staccato laugh sounds like corn popping , have nt a clue .
later that same morning , as he helps charley hoe the rows of corn in their victory garden , frank asks his father the same questions .
it looks like the co - op group , and they are eating corn - on - the cob and watermelon that has been grown in the gardens there .
when he was satisfied the car had left , budda continued down the hill and crossed a fence into a corn field that had been partially harvested .
at the edge of the corn field , budda came to three towering barns sitting atop a fallow ridge that reminded him of pictures he d seen of stonehenge .
the moon that splashes ghost - milk over the rows of corn that will be harvested any day now .
the corn fields that pass by with stalks hanging their heads slight because they seem to know .
the next lines list some popular menu items : jambalaya , falafel , enchiladas , tacos , kung pao tofu , pasta pomodoro potato pancakes , lefse , corn cakes , naan samosas , plantain chips , pappadum , antipasto , hummus collard greens , chow chow asparagus soup , pot liquor , soup d'jour sweet potato pie , pineapple cake , banana bread , sorbet do n't see what you want ?
marie sees nothing outside the window but a silo , a windmill , some reddish dairy barns and chicken sheds in a large dirt farmyard , the dirt populated by a random collection of small farm animals , the scene backed by seemingly infinite rows of tall corn and a vast blue grey sky with gathering clouds .
the mixed smells of beans , corn , onions and cumin waft through the warm room .
` ` anybody want corn ? ''
` ` corn , charlie ? ''
shaking his head at that disaster , gene re - checked the part of his presentation dealing with corn prices .
and you know , jerry , if we could get everybody who eats chicken just once a week to write to congress to say that they d prefer feeding chicken to their family rather than corn to their cars , that big ole sun you just spoke about just might rise some morning soon .
you know and i know that as long as corn grows in iowa and the presidential primaries start there , corn for cars is gon na stay .
you know and i know that as long as corn grows in iowa and the presidential primaries start there , corn for cars is gon na stay .
after everyone had grabbed a coffee and seated themselves around the conference table , dave opened the meeting by saying that he , like gene , was worried about the economically illogical , but politically wise , decision to try to turn damn near every kernel of american corn into ethanol .
he reached down to tap his laptop and a graph came up on the screen showing the percent of the corn harvest that was mandated to be diverted from feeding animals to feeding cars over the next ten years .
where s all that corn going come from ?
price of corn goes up , price of chickens goes up , demand goes down , we get over - capacity problems and the bleeding starts .
now , since the day stretched before him like the unending corn fields of iowa and , since he was unsure of what to do with that elongated time , he was equally unsure of how to dress to address the day .
fields of corn and soybeans came almost to the edge of the road .
one field was planted in corn .
miles had consumed three wonderfully sweet , crispy corn dog and two giant pepsis before enthusiastically riding the nordic bobs .
tastes like a crispy , sweet county - fair corn dog , thought miles absently , his head ringing as he watched a now - fuzzy version of the little girl with the finger gun step back from him and silently form the word bang with her cherubic , rose - petal lips .
he was once again in a very - western portion of the midwest where commodities like cattle and corn were readily accessible and could feed both you and your vehicle , but where new york city staples of the type that turner craved were often far more difficult to find .
they were popping up everywhere along with salt licks and corn feeders .
braided pigtails , oshkosh overalls and a simple cotton tank ; a portrait of farm - girl innocence that i longed to corrupt in a field of corn , cuddling , as we try to distinguish real constellations from random groupings of stars .
autumn was still a month away , but the air was cool and crisp and brought back memories of shucking corn with my sister .
and together , we pushed open the glass doors , inhaled the smell of kettle corn and roasted almonds , and stepped hand - in - hand into our technicolor nightmare .
in time the corn , watermelon , squash , and zucchini came in , but nobody ever came into the garden or took any of its produce .
there were crumpled receipts on the floor and candy bar wrappers in the back seat , all sorts of rumpled scraps of paper , crinkled magazines , a half - full bag of corn chips rolled tight .
on - track , now toward where dealers in - global - commodities : wheat and gold , diamonds and cocoa , coffee and tea , corn and rice - fuels and rare - metals and mineral markets ... frozen screened re - heated : divide and rule ?
he had a long gold chain with bmw hood drooped around his neck and a smoldering a corn cob pipe clinched between his lips .
our first stop was at a table where esthers crackling corn bread was being pandered .
two waist high tables of artisan corn , white , wheat , whole grain breads , cakes , pies and cookies were positioned on the right and left sides of the room .
as he spoke he sprayed one or two plates nearest him with corn husks .
like corn mortals ripen and fall ; like corn they come up again .
like corn mortals ripen and fall ; like corn they come up again .
beyond the city centre and the suburbs there were hillsides covered with little mass - produced houses for the artisans and the semi - professional classes , where corn grew in front yards and chickens scurried about , clucking and ducking through tumble - down fences .
there is inside everything in a salad of rice sort as it is owed : gherkins , carciofini , olives , wurstel , ham , cheeses , peppers , peas , corn , everything .
yet the salad of rice does n't know neither of gherkins , neither of carciofini , neither of olives , neither of wurstel , neither of ham , neither of cheeses , neither of peppers , neither of peas , neither so much less than corn .
whole - kernel corn .
your lips are strawberries , your skin cream , your hair corn - silk .
over an amazing table of grilled bluefish and fresh tomatoes , mozzarella and basil and a small mountain of corn on the cob , ah the joys of summer , at elaines house because it was her turn to make dinner , tom shocked everyone by saying , i want to go to the philadelphia zoo .
they had moved to the edge of the yard , to where the corn stood , resuming an argument started on the school bus that afternoon , when certain boys questioned their costumes .
she turned her back to rhea and stepped into the field , disappearing in the rows and columns of corn .
in the middle of the opening , dawn 's throne of corn stalks appeared abdicated .
corn leaves rustled in the wind .
the corn walls wavered in the breeze .
she patted her cheeks with corn silk , as if powdering her face .
his finger pointed at the corn row from where he had emerged .
when her prattle did not gain attention , rhea stopped and began to mimic her sister , finding a corn cob and tassel of her own .
the girls moved to opposite edges of the fort and turned their backs to the corn .
in unison , they fell backwards , knocking down the corn , squealing in the tumble .
again they stood and fell , bending and breaking the farmer 's corn , laughing with the fall .
each sister rushed out from the corn at a different location , startling bryce , who clapped his hands and squealed and pushed his elbows together and licked his lips .
corn leaves batted rhea 's face as she sprinted , and to lose her follower she changed rows every few seconds .
rhea turned in the field , running in a straight line once again until the crashing of corn stalks came within arm 's reach .
ruminating , rhea stumbled down the corn row , locked in her negative mode , until she forgot her self - pity when something moved in the row ahead of where she stood .
the light of day neared its end and the shadows of corn grew long enough that there was only dusk .
she prayed that the fort entrance would glow bright before her , but her legs fatigued with hope as nothing but corn confronted her .
in desperation she tried to climb a stalk , putting her feet on the ears of corn like rungs on a ladder , but they broke off and her feet dropped to the ground .
the spiny feet of the corn plants turned into hairy spiders .
an ear of corn fell out and ray picked it up to inspect .
he reached into the machine with both hands , fastening himself to a lump inside and leaned back , slowly turning the augur and clump until the mess broke loose and the corn , leaves , and dirt spilled down the fenders onto the gathering chains .
while waxing , jacob had ignored the grain augur and it overflowed with corn twice .
the corn was not going anywhere and jacob was .
outside earshot of their fathers , they spoke with authority on corn , the wet season , cost per bushel , moisture percent , stalk - chopping , chisel - plowing , air - drying , heavy duty rotor - drive , front wheel assist , hydraulic male tips and female couplers .
the little boy ran out from the corn and dawn 's grubby face appeared between the rows as she followed behind her brother .
how many times did i say to keep out of the corn ? ''
wheels bounced and spun wildly on the choppy rows of cut corn stalks .
picking corn was as routine as mowing lawn to ray after forty - two years of harvests .
once again he climbed down the ladder , then climbed the ladder of the wagon , where corn dust blew into his mouth while the augur pushed out the chaff from the last load .
the corn started to drop , slapping the metal of the wagon and spreading to the bottom in a bountiful sound .
the falling corn then started to gush and he reached his hand under the golden waterfall to grab a handful of the plenty , a year complete , planted , now harvested , and what he would not feed his cattle , the remaining corn was already contracted on the market .
the falling corn then started to gush and he reached his hand under the golden waterfall to grab a handful of the plenty , a year complete , planted , now harvested , and what he would not feed his cattle , the remaining corn was already contracted on the market .
the corn would be finished by then , ray hoped , if the rain and snow held off .
when ethan had been born , between oats and corn , ray barely reached the hospital in time .
he turned around , stiffly from the pinch in his neck , double - checking that no corn still stood behind him , since it bothered him to leave a single stalk in the field .
he disengaged the head , but the child in the corn appeared too close .
` ` why the hell did you let her go in the corn field while they were picking it ?
a large pile of spilled corn needed to be shoveled into the augur .
after shoveling the corn , ethan drove his car to the masterson farm .
the mother of the children of the corn .
the denial of tv was one of kathy 's punishments for ignoring her orders about playing in the corn field .
the cows always full , bins teeming with corn , supper table covered in food , dessert with every meal .
on both sides of the barn , she imagined lush crops : soybeans , corn , alfalfa .
what they do n't think about is that the price of milk may drop in a year , new markets may open or close overseas for soybeans and corn .
seedlings of corn and soybeans sprouted , reaching out of the earth .
with his knife he dug up a corn plant , imitating his father , to inspect the roots , not entirely sure what to look for , but knowing that seeing and touching a sprouted root gave his father great relief each spring .
i 'll pay damages for the downed corn . ''
people drive by just to see the corn on that acreage .
stepping into the field , she observed the werther house on the other side of the remaining unpicked corn .
@ alonzo reached into his cassock and withdrew a heavy pestle , of the type used for grinding corn , he raised it over his head .
the fairground is already teeming with vendors selling blueberries , leeks , eggs , early corn , flowers , cabbage , beeswax , zucchini , jams , cherries , biscuits , spinach , red velvet cakes , onions , kale , sweet peppers , fruit pies of every imaginable variety , eggplant , raw milk , asparagus , fudge , butter , preserves , nectarines , cheese , scallions , honey , basil , lettuce , chard , summer squash , candles , pigs feet , honey dew , peaches , carrots , radishes , collards , green beans , herb tinctures , snap peas , cucumbers , live chickens , and green onions .
vendors line the sidewalk selling cotton candy , hot dogs , ice cream cones , popcorn , cokes , rock candy , popsicles , corn dogs .
right in the middle of a corn field the land suddenly dipped down into a pond with red - winged black birds swaying on reeds rising sturdily from the water .
all day he had worked in his fields getting ready to harvest his corn .
the 80 acres of corn that he harvested every year just barely kept him and his family alive .
on his right was a field of corn with a split rail fence fronting it between the field and the road .
the man was obviously picking corn by hand .
obviously , he was surprised to see someone walking down the same row of corn he was in and mike could see why .
and he went to picking corn .
yep , jake said , as he again started picking corn .
he and jake continued to pick corn as fast as each could and each seemed to be trying to outdo the other .
best get this load of corn up to the crib .
after hauling the load of corn up to the crib where it could be quickly unloaded in the morning , jake showed him the barn and mike selected an out - of - the - way corner covered with fresh straw .
jake put him on the corn sheller at the end of the second week while he continued to harvest the corn from the field .
jake put him on the corn sheller at the end of the second week while he continued to harvest the corn from the field .
make the harvest a lot quicker , he said when jake was loading corn into the crib .
jake was silent for a while chucking ears of corn into the crib .
it was such a pretty color , like the silk in a corn husk .
the once - red barns were in similar disrepair , not painted in ten or twenty years , many tumbling down and all of them faded to gray and supplanted by stark white buildings of precast aluminum , while the mottled fields had dulled to the uniform green of corn and soybeans .
everything in the room seem to date from that centipede machine and earlier ; you could almost pinpoint the exact yearmaybe 1981 or ' 82when incomes and fortunes first began to dry up , then withered away like drought - stricken stalks of sweet corn .
there did n't seem to be anything of interest where we were , just corn and soybeans spreading out to the horizon in every direction , the occasional lonely mailbox , the evenly - spaced county crossroads andfar too infrequently to suggest that the authorities truly caredspeed limit signs which read 50 mph .
it suddenly occurred to me that wheatyard might not have been the recluse i had imagined him to be , a one - man literary movement , alone in this desert island of a town , isolated for twenty miles in every direction by an ocean of corn .
they produced a lesser- known soft drink , something called flip , a mixture of citrusy extracts and corn syrup .
she was beautiful in her white raiment and corn silk hair .
the basket maker remembered astigans visit to his shop , and the miller recalled his small purchase of oats and corn .
he had moved to ohio for a few months to help out with his uncles corn harvest .
he and his dats youngest bruder had always gotten along well , probably due to their close proximity in age , and they d bonded over the last summer when samuel had worked side by side with him in the corn field .
chapter 9 christian walked the row of corn and whistled happily as he thought about hannah 's appointment last week .
the corn stalks gently swayed in the breeze and an unexplainable feeling came over christian .
a corn - fed midwesterner , freckled and big - boned , sascha had always seemed out of place at the elite mcclintock school .
the farm was now yielding three - story mcmansions that had sprouted up the way the corn harvest once had .
they grow corn and other grains to produce flour and meal for making tortillas .
were not supposed to play in the corn , but its too much fun not to .
a young toddler dressed in moccasins and beaded leather shirt wandered by nibbling on an ear of corn .
near a display of handmade indian artifacts , a huge pile of unshucked corn was roasting on a blackened grill .
they ignored the hot dogs and hamburgers in favor of a watery succotash , which was actually quite good , and traditional corn tortillas with vegetables , a roasted meat of unknown origin , generous dollop of sour cream and pungent , herbal sauce .
the three sat at the kitchen table and graham poured him a bowl of corn flakes .
grabbing a shovel he walked out behind the shed and through the small wooded area that led to a large corn field and began to dig .
and finally the field where he buried his father , once solidly covered and re - covered by him after it settled , had now been plowed over by their neighbor who farms it every year for a corn crop , which jay had counted on .
it then went across the back yard , past the shed , and into the woods , eventually ending up in the corn field behind the woods .
what that probably means to me is that your father is buried somewhere in that corn field .
so what do you do next , dig the whole corn field up , jay asked in a snickering voice .
so you believe this small beat - up woman pulled his body all the way through the house , out the door , across the yard , and then mustered up the energy and stamina to dig a grave in the corn field , bury him , and shovel all the dirt back in ?
he had only been back at school two days when michele called with the news that the judge had ordered the corn field dug up for a body .
the corn fed white elephant man was never introduced and got back into the car without a word .
his parents owned a corn farm in iowa , but he looked as if he d been raised by aristocrats in an english country house and had just stepped off the cover of gq magazine .
sammy nodded as we rode past his place , the corn seven , eight feet high .
i did nt think much more about sammy , as we harvested corn as fast as possible , my favorite time of year .
the combines came into town like a locusta good one , though , and mowed down the corn by the hundred acres .
the air smelled of diesel fuel and corn perfume .
so much corn , so little time .
she called me as the millers house appeared , a white island in the ocean of corn .
the corn ran to the roadway , a huge sentinel , the sun dipping behind it .
i m not combining my corn , then going to sammy place and slashing away at it with a machete with twenty friends .
the machine gobbled up the corn in forty foot swaths and fed it into the carts that trundled off to the elevators .
i saw wonderfully the way the same stone had an oval depression or hollow where the ground corn was supposed to mound up and as usual it was filled with a brackish pool of water from a careless squirt of the hose .
but i know that the earliest hohokam settlers often favored the volcanic rocks which were still in the ground for their metates ; they brought their mesquite beans , and corn to these built - in metates , so to speak , hefting tubular pestles which were like miniature submarines to a vertical position above the hole and then smashing them down on their flinty food .
the ride back with the ladies was an excellent opportunity to practice not speaking for long periods of time and to listen as the old ladies laughed and shared tales about their childhood memories of the midwest and all their wintry days spent skating on ponds and their exaggerated innocent exploits in the corn fields .
in the corn field !
in the corn field ?
and i can recall the sand painting had paramecium - shaped green corn bodies held in the hands of corn maidens who were like black building cranes hovering above a big striped squash .
and i can recall the sand painting had paramecium - shaped green corn bodies held in the hands of corn maidens who were like black building cranes hovering above a big striped squash .
he seemed to be drawing an intricate squashed world , a universe run over by a steam roller with those corn maidens lying out as though they were girder - bearing construction cranes that had fallen back from an impact crater and with the angular arms of flattened squash plants radiating out in many directions .
the hand of one of the corn maidens held the moisture pad which is a prayer to the rain gods .
i asked this cheerfully , denying myself the authentic , rather shocked reaction i had had to its bomb - blasted , mechanical corn maidens and peculiar squash executed in colored sand .
through the slider near the kitchen sink , melba had a clear view of the bird feeder where a bevy of raucous blue jays were laying waste to the last of the corn and thistle seeds .
the leaseholder of the house had just purchased a quantity of corn that had to be stored for the next few days in the hall , because the garrets were almost full .
it seemed to me as if it were grains of corn .
that s the corn that i picked !
i heard him tell a neighbor that they was running out of corn out in oklahoma .
he looked like he was used to sleeping in a corn crib every other night .
those had been commonplace , after all : rust on the spring wheat , cut - worms on the corn , so very little money in circulation .
it was a fine mid - harvest time ; the poppies glowed on the borders of the fields , the breeze moved gently among the ears of uncut corn , and winged the shadow of a cloud across the soft grey downs .
the green pasture and the corn - fields made a setting of peace and permanence , where the cattle took their rest under wide branches .
he thought of all the hours he d spent on the tractor plowing the fields that would be planted to corn that would be chopped into silage that would feed the cows that would excrete their waste that would be spread on the fields that would be plowed and planted to corn .
he thought of all the hours he d spent on the tractor plowing the fields that would be planted to corn that would be chopped into silage that would feed the cows that would excrete their waste that would be spread on the fields that would be plowed and planted to corn .
the cats in the hay mow or the spiders in the eaves or even the kernel of corn planted in the soil he d turned grown into the twelve - foot stalk ground into the silage chips fed to those cows collected in the manure spread on the frozen field flooded by the river in the spring carried off to the sea : a straight line sometimes requiring god force to be bent into a circle , but always bent , always a circle , never brokennot by illness or death or destruction or failure .
in need of sustenance after his long journey , he tiptoed to the kitchen and made himself a bowl of corn flakes .
james scraped the bones and bits of potato residue into the trash with the corn ear skeletons along with them .
judy opened the door and got out as the irrigation made its way past the car and onto the tall crop of corn .
she sat in the 3 foot corn .
she slowly stood , wafting her face above the corn as if she was playing peek - a - boo .
on the road , he sipped it through a stir stick and looked out the window at the big blur of corn stalks .
once an antebellum tobacco plantation , it has now been converted to a more profitable and much more politically correct crop , corn , for the ethanol industry .
sterling reflected on this put up or shut up proposition , seconded by his 151 barrel proof corn liquor .
she stood beside us when we watched a sand painter make a storm pattern or maybe it was corn maidens .
it was really latetwo or three in the morningand the moon was shining brightly , and the countless rows of knee - high corn surrounding the farmhouse glowed ghostly silver and smelled of fresh manure , and the loco - motion was playing on the am radio , and before she knew it , she was tooling west on interstate 70 towards denver with margo , then on to salt lake city , then on to san francisco .
i want to get lost in the corn stalksi could hear them beyond the tree earlier , i m sure of it .
she had jogged down that angel - lighted county road , reveling in her newfound youth , had flown into the corn , had lifted the ripening ears to her nose and inhaled deeply , had stooped and dug her fingers deeply into the moist brown soil of a row , soil fetid and rich and wriggling with earthworms .
she ladled cold ditch water over the insect , washing it and the blood off , then climbed up the side and meandered wonderingly back into the corn .
on both sides of her were fields of shoulder - high corn which stretched away into a beautiful valley left , to her right reaching in gradual stages up to the foot of a series of small , round , rocky foothills .
all you needed was a noose threaded through the sleeves of your army jacket and a bit of corn .
we must be in the ambassadorial district , i remarked to beta , who was treading in some discomfort on some flakes of corn that must have been thrown on some passing dignitary .
joshua had always been wild and unpredictable , like an animal , like a storm , like a violent wind that sweeps across the corn , bending all before it .
the road seemed familiar , but they all looked much the same : dirt road flanked by fields of corn or wildflowers or green woods of aspen and birch .
channie grabbed a handful of corn from the feed bin and scattered it .
blue runs in circles around me when i work in the yard , picking black - eyed peas or corn or squash .
curt , he 'll be looking out the window at the fields of cotton and corn as they go past and wo n't hear a word .
i just imagine i ' m lenny with that piece of metal sticking through my head and my blood and brains pouring out onto the ground and my body twisted into all that metal , try to feel him hurting , and think what a terrible time it was to die in the spring with high school almost over , graduation just around the corner , cotton and corn all planted , seeds sprouting and the county fair coming up .
i get around the corner just in time to see charles heading for the lawn mower , take out the two rusted fifty gallon drums used for burning trash , then on around to the other side of the house where he runs over mama 's garden which does n't matter because it 's just last years and everything dead , but i guess charles wants it anyway , so he takes out a few dead sweet - corn stalks and then goes on around to the front of the house again , runs over the red water hose then back - ends papa 's pickup but this stops him because the two pickups lock bumpers and his motor dies .
he returned to the house and before he entered , he tried to stomp the manure smell and residue from his worn out boots his mother swept the dirt floor clean every day with the home - bound corn straw broom .
took one look at the endless rolling landscape and corn fields and said to yourself , bullshit , its too boring for me .. i m right are nt i ?
drawn in by vibrant images of ripe , red tomatoes , baskets heaped full of succulent cucumbers , peas , green beans , sweet corn , and pumpkins too large to carry , he would read every description imagining how wonderful the harvest would taste .
if you spend all of your time tending the tomatoes for instance , but never take time to weed and water the sweet corn , the tomatoes will likely flourish , and come harvest your sweet corn crop will probably be pretty pitiful .
but now , surrounded by the corn stubble of dark ohio farmland , darius was not going to get laid .
over the other side , though , off hay street , there s the trustees land , old town hill , the parker river preservation and there are still a few horse farms and haying fields and some corn .
that morning jean had been to the fruit and vegetable stand on the other side of highway 49 , returning with corn on the cob , broccoli and santa maria strawberries .
mclean walked through the market stalls and bought fresh corn on the cob for her mother .
if you ever had the pleasure of helping her in her garden , you would have heard the melodious strains coming from the corn patch .
` ` a low - life corn - beef and cabbage chewing hustler like you is worried about me , delaney ?
he found ann in the kitchen cooking corn fritters in a deep fryer .
but they were usually growing corn or beans , pumpkins , or golf courses .
the week vantage heights biddies called 911 on the neighbor who planted corn in the front lawn was pretty funny .
in the kitchen , she tossed the salad and noticed that he d put ears of fresh corn into a steamer , so she pulled them out and located a serving bowl .
its their way to separate the corn from the chaff .
the opportunities in europe are unlimited for someone with reliable funding sources and the ability to separate the chaff from the corn .
the passengers felt like corn in a popper as the blazers shocks and springs were tortured by the rocky terrain .
it was nt exactly setting well with my corn dogs that were cooked about twenty minutes too long .
a few hundred yards from the intersection you 're back out among the corn fields again .
louis had eaten one small bowl of chili and a small square of corn bread while joey ate , watching him quietly .
sunny was maybe 56 , long brown legs , hair like lush corn silk , and blue eyes that honestly glowed in the dark .
i m sure we will have potatoes and corn and coleslaw , beans , and you name it .
the fox and the goose and the corn and things oh , dear , they are nothing to it .
meeker , and the indian peaks in blues , grays , and purples , contrasting with emerald fields of corn , or , in this case , a preternaturally green golf course .
from seed to harvest , he learned every step of the process , could identify plants based on their leaf shape , their smelleven count the days to corn harvest from the first sign of yellow - green silk .
cook several minutes or until bottom is golden brown , then flip ( i add another swatch of butter before the corn cake hits the pan for the second time ! ) .
blonde hair , like his own , except hers had artificial assistance to help make it look like the colour of corn .
when the fbi finds out she s the mystery woman , and with a motive to kill austin , they re going to be all over her like corn on the cob .
a windswept figure in purple robes standing in the east ; another in red robes , holding a fiery sword at the south and standing before a sun - drenched desert ; a third in blue standing on a wave - washed rock in the west , they almost ' felt ' the spray ; the last in russet standing in the north before a field of corn .
fixin her hair is like trying to tease corn silk .
the air was redolent with the smell of corn dogs and fish and chips .
after a few drinks and your required intake of cotton candy and corn dogs , were off to the midway , where the ferris wheel boasts the best view in the county .
well l.a . woman , are you ready to see the sights , smell the corn dogs and win me a great big stuffed animal ?
its fun to throw the little corn bag in the hole .
sweet corn .
melons , corn , peas .
` ` not while we still have that corn salad and those rolls , '' frannie scooped another helping of the corn and snagged a roll as the basket passed .
she returned to the picnic table where larry , donna , and mickey were laying out sandwich makings and condiments along with corn salad from the night before .
he still broke beans , hulled peas and shucked corn from the little garden behind his house .
a wooden basket filled with fresh green unshucked corn ears sat on the floor in front of captain bobs portrait .
above the banks , fields of corn and rows of pines and small trees , bright from sunlight on their upper stalks and leaves , had dark shadows below .
to the right tench could see the tassels of a corn field and far beyond the white of a small gate .
the plants were swiping at the car with their leaves and ears of ripening corn , the noise of the slapping competing with the bullets whining overhead and striking the back truck of the roadster .
it cart wheeled beside the car and then fell into the corn plants behind them .
the car left the path and tore through the corn plants , knocking them one side or the other as the vignale designed body of the car sliced between the stalks .
the car bent down in the back as it accelerated , the dual pipes spitting smoke into the dirt and mud , the corn plants scraping underneath the frame .
lara was working on a project in florida to improve the crop yield of hybrid corn that was naturally pest resistant and drought tolerant .
he was a cruel man who liked drinking corn whiskey , the spirits the slaves drink , and then lashed anything that got in his way , even mother and me if we were unfortunate enough to cross his path .
even in the moonlight , i could see he was drunk , swaying under the power of his beloved corn whiskey .
a movement caught my eye , and i smiled as a small flock of juncos descended on the cracked corn i had scattered on the larger rock at the edge of the property line .
we only have corn .
miss betty anns corn on the cob .
fire up the magma grill and roast some hot dogs and hamburgers alongside a couple of massive ears of fat yellow corn .
the farm lands produce wheat , corn , oats , rye , and cotton for harvest , cattle , sheep , horses , chickens , and hogs for good eats , a green forest of timber for an active sawmill .
ill settle for your skull driven through a steel pike in my daddys corn field pestering the crows night and day , asshole for murdering my parents in cold blood .
rice krispies , corn flakes and bran flakes , she listed .
apples and corn that i had thrown in a pile had been whittled down to next to nothing , and deer tracks crisscrossed everywhere .
the wind was fanning the calf - high corn in rows , out of town , in farm country .
a day in summer meant soybeans and corn would be visibly growing near gravel pits and other swimming venues .
we raise cattle ; child but we do grow corn as well .
his lips were pulled back from perfect corn row teeth in a grin that looked no phonier dead than alive .
he spent much of his time roaming the woods at night , reminiscing of times when he romped through the corn fields and soybean fields chasing field mice and groundhogs .
the behemoth engines on wheels did nt resemble any tractor i had ever seen , and they certainly had never plowed a row of corn , beans , or potatoes .
they moved to a small table at the other end of the porch where sallie was arranging lunch - butter beans , squash , stewed tomatoes , and corn bread .
lucien shoved corn bread into his mouth and chewed slowly .
a swig of tea , a bite of corn bread .
jake pinched off a bite of corn bread and stuck it in his mouth .
and she was surrounded by these two other blondes , all staring off like something out of children of the corn .
` ` srvg tab rond corn . ''
she asked as she added corn on the cob for jared , fresh green beans for wyatt , and a couple bunches of asparagus for quinn before reaching for a few plump eggplants for jared - eggplant parmesan was one of his favorite dishes - and a bunch of salad stuff for herself .
a county line road arced through the forest , and i knew nell used to run from her house to the county road , then follow that for a few miles to where mr . farrell 's corn field began , at which point she would cut through the thin strip of forest and into the acres of knee - high wild grass behind her house .
` ` corn fields ? ''
and it 's corn , not wheat , '' darla said loudly .
i had n't decided that one way or another , actually , but now that he mentioned it ... ` ` i guess i ' m driving 600 miles into the middle of the corn fields to come and get you . ''
picking up aliens in the corn fields on i-76 . ''
my entire life consisted of the same eight or so highway exits , the same twenty or so roads , and all i 'd ever known was embedded in these corn fields , the flat horizons , my few ventures out to go to an indoor water park or to cedar point .
` ` trevor , '' she said with that sweet voice that spoke of beer and roasted corn and fun in a field of wildflowers , a kicked back kind of energy that made my erection turn the mylar blanket into a tent .
yet another point for this place that until two days ago we 'd have considered fly - over country , a vast green expanse with faded beige corn fields in between , a checkered patch quilt of nothing .
her hair was magnificent , so blond it was almost white , hanging past her shoulders in pin - straight strands that shimmered like corn silk .
dean is at the table , in slacks and a button - down shirt , and he 's peeling off the husk of the corn on the cob .
` ` we brought them with us , '' he explains when he notices me staring at the corn .
my eyes dart back to dean , waiting for him to snap at her , but he just shrugs and grabs another cob on the corn that needs to be shucked .
he opened the bag to reveal packages of beef jerky , corn nuts , doritos , combos , sunflower seeds , sour berries , honey mustard pretzels , reese 's pieces , a few cans of red bull , and a banana .
cotton and rice and corn and no telling what else ; i really do n't know the difference in most crops except the obvious : cotton is white and corn is tall .
cotton and rice and corn and no telling what else ; i really do n't know the difference in most crops except the obvious : cotton is white and corn is tall .
` ` yeah , but we ca n't lay a blanket out in a cotton or corn field , '' he says , ` ` and most of the time those fields are saturated with ankle - deep water . ''
i was used to summers in iowa , where the humidity and the heat make the corn grow sweet , but this was a different kind of heat .
his skin was dry and rough , like a corn husk .
` ` last i saw him , he was hanging around the corn dog stand .
i 'd almost made my way to the corn dog stand when a pair of arms wound around me from behind .
i asked after swallowing a big , delectable bite of loaded corn chip .
i saw sun dazzling lights on the pond ; the long , green front yard dad kept neat and trimmed ; the lush , dense trees at the foot ; the farmland beyond that ; and mom 's tidy , flourishing garden on the opposite side of the pond where she planted strawberries , potatoes , tomatoes , regular corn and popcorn every year .
he picked up a spoon and stirred the remaining gravy before sliding even closer to check on the corn .
his big buck teeth worked those dicks as if he were chowing down on corn cobs .
i help her make her grandmothers tamales and some corn stew thingy .
can you remember the time you push biked over to see me and we spent some time watching the farmers harvesting the corn ?
coming back to the cabin , mandy cleaned , buttered and spiced the corn on the cob and wrapped it in aluminum foil .
wheat , corn , potatoesbeyond these a few lumpy pastures with sheep or goats , even one fat cow .
i want to plant corn for starters .
i m hoping to cultivate at least thirty acres for corn , wheat , and potatoes .
well be able to plant the corn at the beginning of april , said frank , who bustled into the room .
we just pray for rain and watch the corn grow .
you re gon na have plenty of corn and potatoes .
there ll be hay and wheat and corn .
to add to this jubilation , the fields were high with corn , and my kitchen garden burst with delicious vegetables .
you d be surprised what corn brings in .
later that day , i wandered the property , staring at the field that frank had planted , seeing rows of stalks , brimming with corn .
nathan and jerry went to work first thing monday morning , harvesting the corn with a horse - drawn sled cutter , spending long hours in the field .
as most of the inhabitants were miners and businessmen catering to the mining industry , my crop of corn , wheat , and potatoes was greatly sought after .
ill have you know my father used corn niblets .
carrots and corn were always welcomed , but the little boy turned up his nose at the sight of peas , string beans , broccoliin short , anything green .
we filled the paper bags with things like canned tuna fish , dry beans , corn niblets or yams , and boxes of pasta , instant mashed potatoes , cereal and pasta .
far from it , they hurried straight to an adjoining field to cultivate the land , plant the seeds , and tend the corn and other crops they must grow to feed their own families until it grew too dark to see .
by the way , did i ever show you how a horse bites corn ?
its eeriea house stuck in halloween : three pumpkins are on the front stairs ; a scarecrow and corn stalks are propped up against the lamp post ; a witch on a broom is nailed to the oak tree ; tiny ghosts dangle from the branches of the cherry tree .
table of contents chapter one : jericho , tennesseemay 6 , 1901 chapter two : new york city , the garment districtmay 8 chapter three : parismay 14 , 1901 chapter four : parc de chalaismay 21 chapter five : the bodensee , south germanymay 22 chapter six : death of the conquerorafternoon , may 26 chapter seven : alain at the aro clubevening , may 26 chapter eight : on board the bethaniemorning , may 27 chapter nine : a walk in the nightevening , may 27 chapter ten : a visit to saint - cloudmay 28 chapter eleven : paying homage to yvettejune 3 chapter twelve : the place of grievancesjune 5 chapter thirteen : louises storylater that evening chapter fourteen : conspiracy on the canaljune 6 chapter fifteen : return of the captainjune 9 chapter sixteen : the night of the stormjune 22 chapter seventeen : cotillion at the opera housejuly 13 chapter eighteen : the city of lightjuly 14 chapter nineteen : at guignols houseafternoon , july 14 chapter twenty : the soiree in neuillyevening , july 14 chapter twenty one : alains flightjuly 15 chapter twenty two : the corn exchangeafternoon , july 16 chapter twenty three : place of the starevening , july 16 chapter twenty four : the catacombslater that evening chapter twenty five : a visitor to the bethanieearly morning , july 17 chapter twenty six : funeral at notre - damemorning , july 17 chapter twenty seven : the drowning timeafternoon , july 17 chapter twenty eight : embarrassment at maximsevening , july 17 chapter twenty nine : the gare du nordlater that evening chapter thirty : tragedy at montparnasseevening , july 17 chapter thirty one : despair on the seinelate night , july 17 chapter thirty two : parisjuly 18 chapter thirty three : the last moment ... chapter thirty four : pre - lachaise cemeteryjuly 19 chapter one : jericho , tennesseemay 6 , 1901 from her perch on the dilapidated bell tower , mary ann could see the winds dance .
at the corn exchange , where he owns a seat , the traders cheer him on the floor .
chapter twenty two : the corn exchangeafternoon , july 16 the next morning when harding came back with the newspapers it was obvious that henri meurthe had reaped the whirlwind .
meurthe had an office at the corn exchange , near the church of saint - eustache .
they invaded the corn exchange .
it was like children of the corn .
i could smell the chili and cheese mingled with the chips corn aroma .
i noticed a man sitting atop a fine horse the color of buckskin with a mane like corn silks and a matching tail .
come over here and shuck some of this corn .
you do know how to shuck corn , do n't you ? ''
she concentrated on yanking off green husks and silk from the corn and plopping each cob into the boiling water of the huge dutch ovens atop the stove .
she whipped back to the counter , crossed her legs at the ankles to lessen the view , and ripped into the corn with a vengeance .
jessica whipped back to the corn , picked up too many cobs at once , and plopped them into the water , grimacing when the hot splash nipped at her hand .
small plots of corn , manioc , and papayas stood along the rivers edge .
dorians senses had become accustomed to the smell of their food , and truthfullyespecially after tasting the popped corn at the theatershe wanted to experience more of those exotic flavors and textures .
the remainder of the day became a happy blur of more carols , a lovely christmas dinner of venison , corn mush , corn bread , boiled eggs , boiled potatoes , and steamed pudding .
the remainder of the day became a happy blur of more carols , a lovely christmas dinner of venison , corn mush , corn bread , boiled eggs , boiled potatoes , and steamed pudding .
and then shed go outside into her garden cause she kept herself a little vegetable garden outside where she growed peas and corn and tomatoes and such like , that she fixed up and made people eat from time to time not that she needed to , cuz tween her food stamps from being so poor , and all the food that my folks and all my uncles and aunts brought over and my daddy always taking her shopping .
he was still farming about 160 acres of corn , and linda was the fremont clerk of court and cemetery administrator .
i crawled between the strands of barbed wire to the edge of the corn that was way more than the traditional knee high by the fourth of july .
you want to live on gravel and watch the corn grow .
* * * the pastureland stretched out for nearly ten acres and was sandwiched between corn and soybean fields .
the experience had involved mcfall men clearing a field of trees to make way for corn .
with tillies ability to make most anything from corn , they had a hearty christmas dinner together .
i felt a little nervous , almost like when you take off your cover up at the beachall the guys glancing up from their magazines , or pausing from their game of corn hole .
diary of a hollywood nobody - chris yarborough is a midwesterner as green as the corn back home in ohio .
he s becoming more corn pone the closer we get to denver , and i m afraid of what will happen when were really in the heartland .
a mental image of derek in a pair of overalls and a straw hat , chewing on a corn stalk , pops into my head , and i have to stifle my giggle .
just corn .
my hair is not the color of corn silk .
hair like corn silk ?
the corn fields , although withered , had not yet been harvested and provided good cover for me , and a food source for the dear .
ma let us each decide what meal we d like to eat on our birthdays , and pete had chosen enchiladas , and tamales wrapped up in corn husks as he always did .
but my oh my , did she almost forget she was holding on to the bunch of roses because , heaven help her , this man was g - o - r - g - e - o - u - s. that slightly wet , dusted - corn hair had a sparkling golden sheen beneath the afternoon sunlight .
in the afternoon sunlight , his long , dusty corn silk hair shone as if spun gold atop his head , and her hands yearned to run through it .
not one looked excited to see a new player , but the guy who took the cake was over by the canned corn .
they all looked disgruntled after every loss , but to my surprise , the guy by the canned corn did nt react to the losses of his boys .
she set the apples beside the drinks and the clerk added two styrofoam tubs of chili and waxed paper packages of corn bread .
the stone ground corn and sharp cheddar were probably delicious , but she could nt taste anything .
except maybe the mexican place ; they worship the corn - god , his savior along with prophet rice , brother graham and sister soy flours .
and his first job titles were chicken catcher and corn detasseler .
the pickings were heavily weighted towards corn muffins .
after that she beat butter , corn syrup and salt with an electric mixer until the mixture was light and fluffy .
the top choice was tomatoes , followed by lettuce , green and red bell peppers , snow peas , beans , corn , garlic .
all the above mentioned are excellent candidates for hydroponics with the exception of corn .
the corn seed that becomes a magnificent stalk of corn will die .
the corn seed that becomes a magnificent stalk of corn will die .
she poured from a sack of mixed corn , oats and barley .
she held a bucket while bud poured grain from a sack marked ` ` corn , oats & barley .
there was a gentle wind that drifted through the stalks of corn , making a soft rustling noise .
the rustling i d heard was caused by corn barely to my shin .
as early in the year as it was , the corn was nt anywhere near ready to harvest .
it made sense , but i d expected to have to fight my way through the rows of corn to get a good look at our surrounding .
i could nt see it from where we were , but i could see houses behind the rows of baby corn .
i suppose time of year makes a little difference when it comes to the usefulness of the corn , nate said from my left .
it was a few hundred yards in front of us , and my mission would ve been quicker if i d taken a diagonal route , but i did nt want to stomp on the corn growing under my feet .
i assumed the growing corn was important to the farmer who owned the land , and i did nt want us messing with someones livelihood .
i rolled my eyes and turned to look out at the corn .
to me it looks like she s about to walk out of the picture and scold someone , which as we all know is how she looks ninety - nine percent of the time , so someone could ve just found a picture of her and superimposed it in front of some corn .
rick asked as we listened to the corn stalks being flattened along josephs path .
i d been so careful not to hurt the corn during our first visit that i almost yelled for him to watch where he was going .
i was nt in a big hurry to leave the rows of corn .
they were nt tall enough to make me invisible , but i was leery of going behind the corn .
i did nt appreciate having my picture taken , and somehow i felt a little more secure being within the boundaries of the corn .
instead of barely knee - high corn , there was a wall of colorful rocks .
i agreed with him , but i did nt want to leave the rows of corn .
i did nt have a body to focus on , so i looked out into the corn , wondering if maybe he d appear to make the conversation it seemed we were going to have a little less creepy .
the wind through the open windows dried their sweat without actually cooling them much , and colin was wondering how they could get to a place with air - conditioningwhen he noticed the hand - painted billboard towering above a field of cotton or corn or soybeans or something.16 exit 212 - see the grave of archduke franz ferdinand - the corpse that started world war i .
` ` there 's a guy out in danville who makes corn whiskey moonshine .
after a long night at the diner , her knees made a sound like popping corn .
` ` well , darlin ' , '' he said in that world - famous texas drawl , as thick and sweet as corn syrup , ` ` we ' ve been travelin ' for hours over the shittiest patch of road i ' ve seen since i left lubbock , and any minute that doorway 's gon na fill up with every thirteen - year - old girl between here and spokane .
he 'd apparently enjoyed the meals , although she 'd never thought of roy fletcher as the kind of man who 'd appreciate a bowl of black - bean soup and buttery corn bread .
andy williams 's christmas album had played in the background and the smell of popped corn had permeated the air .
` ` if you 're going to be popping corn , i want the buttered kind . ''
soon the aroma of popping corn filled the house .
he gave her the spoon and sat down at the kitchen table , next to a plate of steaming corn bread .
not even corn .
it tasted like kool - aid made with corn syrup and salt .
his mom would call her a ` ` corn - fed farm girl '' and those lips - lush and grinning a half smile that seemed to say ` ` kiss me , dylan . ''
` ` well , it was in a corn field .
i still remember the sound of the corn blowing in the wind . ''
` ` a corn field ?
what kind of douche takes a girl to a corn field to have sex for the first time ?
` ` oh , it was nothing as exciting as a corn field , i can tell you that much . ''
for the next hour , he moved from one chore to the next , until the potatoes were in the oven , the corn was on the stove , the flowers were on the table , and the candles were lit .
the menu for the day was chili with corn bread , which anne marie remembered was ellen 's favorite .
ellen swallowed a bite of her corn bread .
` ` what about corn ? ''
` ` there is n't any corn as far as i know . ''
bethanne had andrew 's favorite made - from - scratch black bean soup simmering in the crock - pot and corn bread baking in the oven .
she sighed , regretting the hostility between father and son , as she removed the corn bread from the oven and set it on the stove top to cool .
she sliced the corn bread , not meeting his eyes .
` ` i ' m watching the corn grow on the east side of town . ''
the lettuce leaves had started to sprout and mary jo had planted pole beans , corn and peas earlier in the week .
the main course was meat loaf , mashed potato casserole , fresh green beans , plus homemade pickled asparagus and sweet corn relish .
they continued to stroll through the market , mouths watering at the enticing scent of popping kettle corn carried on the wind .
craig 's got everything in a huge pot , along with freshly picked corn and new potatoes . ''
by then they 'd experienced just about everything the fair had to offer , from cotton candy to corn on the cob and rides that terrified her .
she reached for jessamine inside herself , and let her free , wrapping the jessamine disguise around herself , feeling the breath pushed from her lungs as her rib cage contracted , her hair slipping from its twist to fal in light corn silk waves against her face .
laying it aside , he got the waterproof box of matches and lit a match , but instead of holding the flame to the twigs , he picked up the corn chip and delicately held it to the match .
she leaned forward , watching the corn chip in fascination as the twigs began to catch and smoke curled upward .
by july , the corn would be as tall as a man and go on forever .
she recalled standing down at the pond trying to land one of the trout they 'd thrown into the water as fry ... or walking the fields at harvest time , when the air smelled of sweet white corn and tobacco smoke ... ...
` ` he was probably mad because the corn did n't get planted this year . ''
you must love corn . ''
he pointed a thick looking corn dog at her , holding it by its stick .
the color rose in julia 's cheeks , and she focused intently on the corn as she changed the subject .
jamie 's cow got into harold 's corn .
her corn silk blond hair fell in fusilli curls along her bare , skinny arms .
they were surrounded by the smell of gravy that had been on a burner too long and sweet corn cooked down to mush .
jolene felt as empty as corn husk , hollow , dried - out .
most city folk would n't know a soybean from a corn stalk .
he made her eat funnel cake and a corn dog .
the commingled scents of funnel cake and corn dogs filled the air .
` ` ` ` located ninety minutes outside of sioux falls , mitchell is home to the corn palace . ''
` ` corn palace ? '
` ` i figured it 'd be made of corn husks , ' he noted .
i made no attempts to conceal my laughter , imagining us living as fugitives in the corn palace for the rest of our lives .
i wanted to stay here , in this illusion of tranquility and safety , letting myself believe i might really make it to the parthenon or even the corn palace someday .
or the corn palace ? '
she pulled out several coins and a small plastic bag from her purse and began filling the bag with corn kernels from a dispenser .
the food - fried okra , steamed corn on the cob , and pot roast that was so tender it fell right off the plastic fork - convinced me that dolores was an even better cook than maureen .
just huge slabs of moist white meat , corn , green beans cooked in enough bacon fat to make them taste like they were n't good for you , biscuits with gravy , pumpkin pie for dessert , and a glass of red wine for each of us .
the wind makes them go round , and thus the corn is ground .
one year my cousin festus made me a party dress from corn husks and duct tape . ''
` ` it was a little scratchy , but i wore it until the mice ate so much of the corn husks that it was indecent . ''
when she said no , they tried harder , boring through her resolve like boll weevils through corn , until there was nothing left between them and what they wanted .
as she lay there , trembling , praying for the pills to work , she tried to think about a baby , this baby , her grandchild ; she tried to picture a tiny version of mia , with hair like corn silk and eyes like green marbles .
in her butterfly - print capri pants and smocked pink blouse , with her corn - silk blond hair fighting its way out of a lopsided ponytail , she looked like a little wood sprite .
lydia could smell the mesquite , taste the drawn butter , feel the steam from the pots as dad and adam boiled them in beer ( the exact brand a family secret ) , her tongue imagining the juicy , sweet crunch of grilled corn on the cob .
` ` you must be annie colwater ... ... '' she pronounced it colwatah in a southern drawl as thick and sweet as corn syrup .
` ` your mom had the prettiest blond hair i ever saw ; it was the color of a ripe ear of corn .
she set him on the ground , and he was off like a shot , nearly upsetting a stout lady with a platter of corn fritters .
it was only as she wiped the last of the juice and grease from her wooden plate with a chunk of corn bread that she cast a glance at the cooper 's shop , thinking guiltily that she ought perhaps to have saved some for roger .
she handed him a small basket - filled with corn bread and dried apples , from the smell - then wished them a soft ` ` good night , sleep well , '' before vanishing into the damp , restless night .
in cold - blooded retrospect , it was a sensible thing to have done ; there were other fields at risk , not only of barley , but of ripening corn , wheat , potatoes , and hay - to say nothing of the garden patches most families depended on .
i 'd felt like a handful of grain , trapped between two grindstones , both of them trying to grind each other 's faces , with no heed for the hapless corn in between .
enough for supper left ; next day , it would be corn dodgers and anything that came across their path that could be easily caught and cooked .
` ` last time , it was ducks , stuffed wi ' yams and corn , '' he told roger .
food was beginning to be brought out : tureens of powsowdie and hotchpotch - and an enormous tub of soup a la reine , a clear compliment to the guest of honor - platters of fried fish , fried chicken , fried rabbit ; venison collops in red wine , smoked sausages , forfar bridies , inky - pinky , roast turkeys , pigeon pie ; dishes of colcannon , stovies , turnip purry , roasted apples stuffed with dried pumpkin , squash , corn , mushroom pasties ; gigantic baskets overflowing with fresh baps , rolls , and other breads ... all this , i was well aware , merely as prelude to the barbecue whose succulent aroma was drifting through the air : a number of hogs , three or four beeves , two deer , and , the piece de resistance , a wood bison , acquired god knew how or where .
the mattress was stuffed with wool , much more comfortable - and a hell of a lot quieter - than corn shucks , but very prone to lumps and odd hollows .
corn , he thought , leaning back against the polished tree trunk that formed one upright of the longhouse .
looking at the sky had been in the habit of staying later in the fields than the other women , gathering extra corn or squash for her sister and ian , though she had a child of her own by then .
ian 's voice floated back , his body invisible as he skipped around a cartload of corn .
pollyanne came scrambling up the bank , bringing a bucket of water with which to make a new batch of corn dodgers .
the bowl was nearly empty , a neat row of corn dodgers laid on the girdle .
jamie asked , crumbling a corn dodger into edible chunks .
myers nodded , chewing carefully ; with as few natural teeth as he had left , even fresh corn dodgers were a hazardous undertaking .
and the one who had been rifling our bag came at once to join his brother , a couple of corn dodgers clutched in his fist .
we shared a meal of half - roasted meat , corn dodgers , and whisky , watched throughout by the head of the bear , which perched ceremonially on its platform , dead eyes gone dull and gummy .
by the standards of modern horticulture , they would have been too tart , nearly bitter , but eaten with a meal consisting of half - cooked cold bear meat and rock - hard corn dodgers , they were delicious - fresh explosions of flavor in my mouth ; pinpricks of sweetness on my tongue .
now , what i am thinking - if ye should find it fair , mind - is that i shall make the claim for a homestead in your name , but as ye willna be here to work it , ian and i will see to putting a bit of your land to corn , and to building a wee croft there .
then come time , you shall have a place to settle , if ye like , and a bit of corn put by .
once the official introductions were over , nacognaweto motioned to berthe , who obediently brought out the large bundle she had carried , and opened it at my feet , displaying a large basket of orange and green - striped squash , a string of dried fish , a smaller basket of yams , and a huge pile of indian corn , shucked and dried on the cob .
at first , jamie had insisted that he or ian must go with me to the farther places , but it was soon apparent that neither of them could be spared ; it was time for the first planting , with ground to break and harrow , corn and barley to be planted , to say nothing of the usual chores required to keep a small farm running .
this being the end of summer but not yet harvest time , the pantry shelves were nowhere near the height of what i hoped would be their autumn bounty , but still there were cheeses on the shelf , a huge stoneware crock of salted fish on the floor , and sacks of flour , corn , rice , beans , barley , and oatmeal .
` ` it 's me that put five acres in corn a month ago .
he had then shaved , washed , and gone round to all the plantation owners again , returning each man 's money with thanks and a small payment of interest , leaving us with enough to manage seed corn for planting , an extra mule for plowing , a goat and some pigs .
a man of that age should show a good bit of wear to his teeth , given the indians ' diet of ground corn , which - owing to the manner of preparation , pounded between flat stones - contained quite a bit of ground stone as well .
what will your new cousin be thinkin ' , to see ye dashin ' about wi ' no more sense than a chicken after corn ? ''
she was reluctant , but was at length persuaded by the combination of a trail of shattered corn laid before her , and myself at her rear , armed with a stout broom .
and capable as your mother is '' -the smile widened- '' she canna bring in thirty acres of corn and barley by herself . ''
mice and rats , ants and cockroaches ; one day i had even found a party of burglarious squirrels in the pantry , holding riot over scattered corn and the gnawed ruins of half my seed potatoes .
everything was hushed ; no insects hummed yet in her mother 's garden , and there were no rustlings , even from the dry corn - stooks propped in the field .
one of the girls ' mothers became interested ; seeing that his foot was still swollen , she brought ointment and bathed it , bandaging it for him with lichen and corn husks .
` ` at the feast of green corn , this many years ago '' -the interpreter 's fingers flashed four times- '' a man came among us from the north .
fergus and some of the tenants had kindly put in a small planting for us , so that while we would have no extra corn this year to sell , at least we would eat .
i 'd ten bushels of corn put aside , and four good deer hides .
but the taxes must be paid in hard currency ; not in corn and hides and blocks of indigo , as the farmers did their business .
the only difficulty , of course , lay in turning ten bushels of corn into six shillings of tax .
there were those in drunkard 's creek who might have bought abel 's corn , and were willing - but no one in drunkard 's creek had money , either .
no , the corn must be taken to market in salem ; that was the closest place where hard coin might be obtained .
rabbie 's not come to the gathering - ill wi ' the dropsy , i hear - but he 's got eleven grown bairns , scattered over the mountains like seed corn .
he and bree had breakfasted with mrs . cameron in her tent this morning off china painted with roses : slices of succulent fried ham , studded with cloves , oatmeal porridge with cream and sugar , a compote of preserved fruit , fresh corn dodgers with honey , jamaican coffee ... his stomach contracted with a pleasant growl of recollection .
we had no money now - not even the paper proclamation money , worth only a fraction of sterling - and without hides to sell in the spring , we were going to have difficulty getting the seed corn and wheat we needed .
it might mean ye want the corbies to come down on a man 's fields and eat his corn .
she bent and gathered up a corn - dolly , a soggy diaper , and a squirming toddler , contriving somehow to leave a hand free for her coffee .
god has prospered our efforts during the summer , blessing us with an abundance of corn and wild hay , and an abundance of beasts to consume them .
i was kneeling by the fire , cooking corn dodgers on an iron griddle set in the ashes .
jamie broke the corn dodger open , half - closing his eyes in bliss as he inhaled the hot , fragrant steam .
he flung the remains of his corn dodger into the fire , and stalked away .
he nodded , eyes on the fragment of corn dodger he was crumbling between long , callused fingers .
i sat down on the log again , and put a hand on the corn dodger .
i ran a thumb absently over the bumpy surface of the corn dodger .
the girl had taken up a seat by hiram 's pen , and was methodically feeding the goat crusts of corn bread left from supper , her face set in lines of sullen misery .
neeps , corn , melons , and the like .
samples of mold , taken from damp corn bread , from spoiled biscuit , and a bit of discarded pastry crust from the hogmanay venison pie .
oh , yes ; one planted corn when the oak leaves were the size of a squirrel 's ear .
judging by that , the slaves could be planting corn in the river run kitchen garden any day now .
at the same time , every tiny detail of my surroundings seemed unnaturally vivid , from the delicious fragrance of the food jamie carried and the rustle of his coat skirts , to the sound of someone singing in the distant slave quarters and the spikes of sprouting corn in the vegetable beds beside the path .
claire did n't answer at once , concentrating on the dried corn silk she was cleaning , plucking out rotted bits and flicking them through the open window .
there had been the usual incidents of depredation - the carrying away of racks of drying fish or strings of corn hung outside houses , the stealing of meat from lean - tos - but at first the townspeople had regarded this merely as the work of a bear slightly more clever than the usual - the usual bear being completely unconcerned as to whether he was observed in the act .
a house at the end of the village was his goal ; there were strings of corn hung to dry beneath the eaves , and he thought he could get away with one easily enough , provided he did n't rouse the village dogs .
it was a dry year , sungi said , frowning critically at the trees ; not so much fruit as the year before , and the corn was not so good , either .
not a breeze stirred in the fields , where the dry stalks of harvested corn and sunflowers lay like scattered pick - up sticks .
he was lolloping over the stubbled corn fields , ears pointed forward and obviously happy to be rejoining society .
brianna shivered slightly , and the movement rustled the corn shucks in the mattress , a tiny seismic disturbance of their small , warm universe .
the corn shucks under them crackled loudly with a noise like a thousand distant firecrackers , all going off down the length of his spine , waking him to full awareness of an urgent , nearly painful arousal .
i blinked , eyes watering slightly from the miasma of the corn liquor .
over this miscellaneous collection i had poured the fermented corn liquor , allowing the whole to steep during the day - and with luck , to dissolve any actual raw penicillin from the garbage into the alcoholic liquid .
they had been girdled and left to die , the corn planted in the open spaces between them .
with the trees dead , enough sunlight came through the leafless branches for the corn below .
for now , though , they stood , an eerie band of black scarecrows , spreading empty arms across the corn .
the corn itself had been gathered ; flocks of mourning doves foraged for bugs among the litter of dry stalks , and a covey of bobwhite took fright at roger 's approach , scattering like a handful of marbles thrown across the ground .
he gave roger a gap - toothed grin , and nodded toward a barrel in the corner of the shed , that gave off the sweet pungency of fermenting corn .
` ` i heard tell as he tried to pass himself off as a peddler , but he 'd taken a load of corn from a farmhouse on that road , and the farmer swore himself purple that christie 'd been in his yard no more than three days before , wi ' a white cockade on his breest .
brianna stirred in the bed , and he heard the corn shucks squeak as she lifted her head with a noise of groggy inquiry .
he sighed deeply , smelling the lingering scents of fried corn - mush and onions that hung in the corners of the cabin .
you have a test in a couple of hours and i ' m just about ready for little corn .
` ` little corn .
jared informed me that from the big island , there would be a water taxi that transports guests to little corn , but the smal boat would n't be possible with the crates of expensive surveil ance equipment .
we arrived on corn island in the early afternoon , and i began peeling layers .
although both instances would be moments i would forever regard as precious , corn island was magical .
jared and i shared our time in little corn , and lil ian rushed over to look at my ring , kissing her son on the head in approval .
jared 's smile matched mine , and he took the ring from the box and lifted my hand , pul ing the silver band from corn island off , and slipping the delicate gold band onto my finger .
` ` when we went to little corn during spring break , we found a little chapel on the island .
` ` i feel like i did at little corn . ''
he held up two dusty picture frames ; one with the black and white picture of me he took the day he fel in love with me , the other of us playing at the beach in little corn .
a half - hour later , the boat docked at the smal pier of little corn , and i sighed with relief .
it reminded me of the first time jared and i had experienced little corn , and it was heartwarming to see the island make beth and chad feel the same way .
we did n't talk , just walked hand in hand , listening to little corn .
just like our last visit to little corn , the week went by too quickly .
with everything that had happened in little corn , it was easy to get lost in that other world , and pretend real life in rhode island was just a bad dream .
that was one thing very different from our last trip to little corn .
we enjoyed our late - night dinner , teasing one another about our last few days together before jared and i left for little corn .
` ` we went to little corn . ''
` ` it 's almost like being back in little corn . ''
no matter how tight jared wrapped his eyes around me , or how hard i tried to pretend we were in little corn , thoughts of demons , and sasha , and bombs plagued me .
in one corner were several feed bins , various barrels and a small pile of sacks filled with corn .
he led her away from the house and out to the edge of the corn .
tall stalks of corn parted as something big came closer .
whatever was out there in the corn was getting closer fast - it was only fifty yards away now .
it careened toward the field , and she aimed it at the paths two of the monsters were making in the dry corn .
a second one sprang from the corn , shooting its barbs as it went .
frantically , she scanned the area where she 'd last seen zach and saw nothing - not even movement in the corn or the tip of his blade reflecting above the stalks .
lexi pulled the truck to a stop , worried that zach might be hidden in the corn .
the car plowed down head - high stalks of corn as it bumped and thudded across the furrows , clods of dirt flying in all directions .
broken corn stalks scraped his back , and tiny insects buzzed around his ears .
on the way home , they stopped at a farmer 's road stand , where they picked up some fresh corn .
he would go there almost every afternoon , and they would spend hours wrestling in the corn silo , riding tractors and horses , and harassing the pigs and cows with bb guns .
he paused whilean overweight couple waddled past him , eating corn dogs , their faces red and blotchy .
` ` that ear of corn is gross .
she heard him laughing quietly behind her , and she knew they were both thinking of the girl she 'd been - the one who could n't stand to lose at anything , even a pop corn dare like ` ` race you to the park . ''
the corn on the cob had been shucked and wrapped in tinfoil ; the store - bought macaroni salad was in a pottery bowl and ready to be served ; and the salmon was seasoned and layered in slices of walla walla sweet onions and lemons .
she herself had had a lovely conversation with lord moorland about agriculture - not that she knew a great deal about it for that matter , but her uncle george , who 'd managed her parents ' estate before their departure from england , had spoken to her at great length about various varieties of corn , when to harvest , and how to determine what to plant for the following year 's crop .
at caledonia correctional in halifax , north carolina , he worked on the prison farm , helping to grow corn , wheat , cotton , and soybeans , sweating beneath a blistering dog - day sun as he harvested or freezing in icy northern winds as he tilled .
` ` 'cause they ' ve got corn dogs , '' michael said , very quietly .
` ` i do n't see why summer would want us to come here , '' audrey said when they stopped to buy corn dogs .
` ` we paid thirteen ninety - five apiece to get into that park , not to mention all the corn dogs michael ate .
without looking up , she stabbed a fork into the corn bread pudding , mixing it with a roasted - corn salad .
without looking up , she stabbed a fork into the corn bread pudding , mixing it with a roasted - corn salad .
she grew tomatoes and onions , turnips and beans , cabbage and corn , and in the summers , it was impossible to see the road that fronted the house from the living room .
i was , then , just an unfinished corn - fed country girl , decked out in cut - off jean shorts that daddy would n't have approved of , but he was dead so i wore them to spite him for leaving me .
the first time i 'd had turkey , pumpkin pie and corn casserole .
the air smelled sweet , of roasted corn and dry earth .
a skip drone was supposed to arrive on a daily basis , too , with mail , and news and new shows and songs and stories and other ways that we could still feel that we were part of humanity , despite being stuck on a colony , planting corn .
she was sitting on the sofa , tying her shoes , her blonde hair , dry now , hanging like corn silk in front of her face .
` ` instead of things like research and development and public relations , noble 's boys handled things like corn acquisition and midnight distribution . ''
it 's clear that chloe performed the operation in a controlled environment like biology class , and did n't just take advantage of a defenseless creature while skulking about the farmlands with her friends , the children of the corn . ''
the sound of the corn popping served as a distraction , and once the large bowl was filled with the puffed kernels , the two of them moved into his living room and began making decorations from opposite sides of his couch .