she 'd forgotten to pick up more corn on the cob , the bison 's favorite food , too .
i forgot your corn . ''
they all headed for the kitchen where she 'd already placed a basket of fried chicken in the middle of the table , a bowl of salad , a tray with corn on the cob and a steaming bowl of mashed potatoes .
she reached for a head of romaine lettuce and threw it into the cart on top of the bag of potatoes , tray of sweet corn and the big green watermelon that she planned to devour later .
still , after much cajoling and wheedling , she got him to agree to prepare a simple meal of chicken stew with mashed potatoes and sweet corn .
` ` fried chicken and corn on the cob .
that evening she decided to try her hand at the wife thing and spent a couple of hours in the kitchen fixing a meal of meatloaf , mashed potatoes and corn on the cob .
as they made themselves comfortable he headed off to the kitchen and within minutes was back with a tray laden with a soup tureen and bowls filled with steaming vegetables , potatoes and sweet corn .
he ordered a corn beef on rye and had a beer to help his anxiety from boiling over .
mitch immediately took a warm corn muffin and buttered it , handing it to her and pouring her a glass of red wine , which he 'd also ordered while they were being seated .
as claire ate the corn bread and sipped the wine , she could feel her insides getting warmer .
darcy was n't overly concerned about the rooster , knowing that matt or dave had already fed the little beast but he wanted more and thought he could sucker her into giving him an extra handful of corn .
for today , she had prepared for herself a huge helping of mac and cheese and grilled corn on the side .
which put amy in such a high state of sexual arousal , she barely tasted the gourmet food circulated by the hostesses ; smoked salmon with a sprinkling of caviar , swordfish wrapped in chinese spinach , little cups of sweet lamb curry and rice , deep - fried corn fritters , tandoori chicken kebabs .
in between dutifully checking their progress , she cooked a lamb ragout , made the sweet corn and sour cream dip her family always devoured first at parties , wrapped slices of prosciutto ham around melon balls , opened a packet of brie cheese and laid pitted dates beside it , prepared the snow peas and florets of broccoli for last minute microwaving .
that one there is money bags : crispy , deep fried pastry purses filled with minced pork , dried shrimp and corn wrapped in cha phlu leaves . '
she pauses , and , picking up a pair of chopsticks , reaches for and expertly captures the dried shrimp and corn wrapped in cha phlu leaves .
and i ' ve got some great corn chowder here , too .
he poured each of them a cup of the steaming black brew , then watched as daisy pulled a cook pan closer and dumped her corn chowder into it to heat .
` ` a carrot is an orange vegetable ... like ... like corn is a vegetable , '' she added .
we cheered when they came back with plates heaped with lobsters , boiled potatoes and ears of corn .
the biggest problem with wearing luis 's clothing was that everything smelled like luis , an aroma that reminded gage of sweet boiled corn and scented hair product .
he 'd use them in large rectangular baskets , with small gourds and dried corn he 'd found at a market in new york .
after two cups of strong black coffee and three corn muffins loaded with butter , luis 's fists finally unclenched and he began to feel a little guilty about the way he 'd attacked blaze .
` ` you sound like someone pissed in your corn flakes . ''
maybe i should bite some corn on the cob to prove it . ''
so do n't piss me off or i 'll cream your corn . ''
the alarm upgrade was complete , and now he placed a chilled bottle of wine , grilled steak and corn on the cob on the picnic table outside .
chicken tacos with corn salsa and avocado .
i showed him how to put on some chicken , the corn salsa , a drizzle of sour cream , a sprinkle of shredded cheese and a couple slices of avocado on the tortilla and fold it .
when niall 'd finally cleaned the monstrous iron contraption to her satisfaction , she 'd put it to good use by preparing some juicy steaks , corn on the cob , and baked potatoes on it .
she tasted like kettle corn from the movies .
i ca n't believe that last week , my idea of a good time was a netflix marathon and a bag of kettle corn .
tristan pulled over and bought a big pot with three different colors of flower plants , a bunch of indian corn and several decorative gourds .
tristan gathered the autumn flowers and handed me the paper bag that held the corn and the gourds .
` ` creamed corn . ''
while he manned the grill , edgard fried potatoes and heated a frozen bag of corn .
edgard noticed chassie had been picking at her corn more than eating it .
she could plant corn in the furrows his frown created on his forehead , they were so deep .
really , i ' m not an escapee from children of the corn .
a bowl of corn nuts sat on a scuffed - up oak table in the office situated at the end of the hall leading to the restrooms .
when krit had been so excited over corn dogs and grapes , i decided to forgive rock for spending his money on us .
` ` i did n't think you were going to make it , reese , '' she says in a breathy voice , leaning forward to peck my cheek , much like i 'd imagine a chicken pecks at a piece of corn .
the real stuff , not that lizard shit with the corn syrup in it . ''
vivian looked up from her corn chips , clearly eager to answer , but ivy was quicker .
not - joe digs his hand into a bag of corn chips on the counter , asking , ` ` it must be weird hanging out at a party with your ex . ''
chicken fried steak with pepper gravy , and some fresh corn .
naked , i leaned against the sink and gripped the edge of the granite counter , feeling hotter than a bag of fresh kettle corn .
` ` just this afternoon , for example , the universe led me to a very sad girl - sweet as bag of kettle corn .
i made kettle corn ! ''
he picked up a corn chip and held it near his mouth .
as i pour a bowl of corn flakes , i count how many times someone in this house apologized to me for flushing while i was in the shower .
while mom carves the turkey , dad dishes the carrots and corn and mashed potatoes and gravy into their respective bowls , and i fill the water glasses with ice cubes and water .
it turns out adam picks up most of our fruit and vegetables from local farm stands nearby , which is plenty eco - friendly for me , and as for the rest of it ... well , chalky tofu is no match for susie 's corn fritters .
` ` let 's get out of here before i hurl a pound of candy corn .
drake comes in and nearly falls on his ass once he spies the ode to sugared corn flakes .
inside , the party rages on even though emily , herself , is probably in the shower , trying to remove the sticky residue of corn syrup i just baptized her with - and if my gut is correct , she 's not alone in the endeavor .
she glares at me as she guzzles some water and then opens a bag of fritos and shoves a handful of the salty corn chips into her mouth as she hops up onto a stool at the breakfast bar .
* wednesday afternoon ... clarisse was in the kitchen to grab some corn chips when her dad 's phone rang .
see , making matters worse , i 'd had nothing but a corn dog and a slurpee for lunch and i was starving .
even jake helped and he did this by ordering amber to assist with putting the peas , carrots and corn in bowls and working alongside her , putting the warmed rolls in a basket .
he moved us into the living room where there was a football game playing on jake 's extortionately large television and children all around consuming orange dip with red and green bits in it , doing this utilizing corn chips .
` ` corn chips that are awesome normally but these ones are especially designed for dipping which increases their awesomeness exponentially mostly because i have n't yet met a dip i did not like , '' i replied .
` ` black bean dip , '' the bartender announced , oblivious to the public foreplay , pul ing us out of the moment and putting a bowl of dip and some corn chips in between our beers .
snatching the last square of corn bread , he was busy buttering it when the ring of his phone broke the easy atmosphere .
fortunately , she spotted a plastic dish with what looked like dried corn in it that the chickens seemed to have an inordinate interest in .
i pointed to the correct cabinet , and he pulled out two , sat them on the bar , and then began spooning out potatoes , gravy , corn , and dividing up the chicken .
he almost looks as if he 's a popped kernel of corn with all his bulging muscles .
i open the bag of corn chips and dump them into the dish .
silently gloating in his discomfort , i reach across the table and snatch up a handful of corn chips , crunching away through a sly smirk .
just cheap ol ' kettle corn .
i like cheap kettle corn , btw .
whenever they visited grandma and grandpa 's house , grandpa had let brianna help him husk corn or snap peas or tinker in the garage .
she 'd bought tri - tip , roasted vegetables , corn on the cob and some thick - sliced bread from a place called just like mom 's .
` ` i ' ve got steaks and barbecue beans and corn , '' his mother said .
remembering her trip to gabe 's cabin and her initial glimpse of him rolling toward her , freshly showered , the white of his shirt stark against the golden - bronze of his skin , his eyes the aquamarine of a caribbean sea , hannah felt a nervous excitement and whirled to put some frozen corn in the freezer .
one addressed two women huddled next to a wheeled cart where an old man was selling drinks and corn .
there 's a plate made up with steak , potatoes and corn ready for me and i nearly groan .
canned corn , peas , sloppy joe sauce , powdered milk , rice , kidney beans , and vegetable oil .
in the evening , mason heated three cans of corn on the stove .
my body had long ago burned through the canned corn i 'd eaten yesterday evening for dinner , and i could not continue hiking without food .
i found a can of corn , peas and carrots , some frozen mixed veggies and half a pack of broccoli .
i poured myself a huge bowl of corn flakes and then went to the sugar bowl and dumped half of it on top of my cereal ( weight watchers points = who freaking cares ) .
i grab a bag of frozen corn and drop it into the cart .
` ` i want kabobs with my corn , '' i announce when i spot a bag of skewers on a shelf .
grilling had always been something that i was good at , so i picked up some corn , zucchini , and chicken and got to work .
cotton candy , kettle corn , caramel apples , corn dogs , deep - fried twinkies .
jake put the phone down on the counter and went back to flipping the blue corn pancakes on the griddle .
he asked the herald who took their orders for croissants and corn bread .
gabe set his coffee and partially eaten corn bread down on the table and took one of the chairs .
dishes were brought and passed around the table : roast beef and mashed potatoes , green beans , corn , iced tea and lemonade .
determinedly honor picked up her fork and took another bite of the corn tamale she had been eating when the newcomer had walked through the door a few minutes earlier .
she dished out the eggs onto two chipped pottery plates and added a corn tortilla to each .
` ` i 'll have the chicken cordon bleu and a baked potato and corn , please .
i went to a restaurant where they made sweet corn tamales in squash blossoms .
but diego was whipping up a batch of eggs , peppers , cheese , and broken fried corn tortillas he called chilaquiles .
` ` my dad was never big on family vacations , '' peter was saying now , half hidden by the tablecloth as he smuggled his share of corn bread to the hungry dog .
the blue checkered tablecloths were almost completely hidden by trays of food : clams and oysters and shrimp , but also hot dogs and hamburgers and chips , potato salad and corn on the cob and chocolate cupcakes .
she was sitting cross - legged across from ellie , a paper plate with a cob of corn on her lap , and it rolled onto the blanket as she straightened , her whole body going tense .
frank 's interviews with around the world 's staff resulted in all of them saying they 'd never seen jennifer , yet here she was , dancing naked under the stage name of candy corn while still one year too young to legally even be let in the door .
` ` you act like you love fresh corn and that waffle iron more than me . ''
i popped the last of the corn bread into my mouth and wished desperately that the meg special came with more meat so i 'd have something else to do .
` ` i 'd love a corn dog and a coke , '' sky said .
he bought sugar and flour , salt and pepper , cans of corn and carrots , peaches and soup , a bag of rice , a variety of drinks .
she stirred the rice , turned the fire down low under the corn , and let out a shriek when she turned around and saw rane standing in the doorway .
savanah bustled about the kitchen , setting the table , filling a glass with milk , spooning rice and corn onto a plate , adding a chicken breast .
i took a large bag of corn from the counter and followed mary back out onto the porch .
i fixed baked apples stuffed with raisins and cinnamon and butter and popped them in to bake and i flavored some canned green beans and some canned corn and put them on low heat .
he went straight to the freezer , grabbed a bag of frozen green giant corn niblets , set me on the counter , ripped the bag open with his teeth , pulled my panties straight out like a cash drawer and dumped them in .
in my frenzy to get at the corn , i fell off the counter and onto the floor , landing with a loud splat .
it had been the bags of organic frozen corn .
dogs tended to smell like corn chips , and while i enjoyed a good frito like everyone else , i did n't want to smell like one .
` ` i know what you meant , and i agree , '' he answered , nibbling me like an ear of corn .
small fingerling potatoes , corn , and a grain salad of some kind .
` ` no need to call now , '' i said , taking a seat and grabbing some kernels of corn .
it was kettle corn , which i adored .
and so it began , i thought , the first wave of a revolution against oppression , fought with corn syrup and chocolate .
little guys just like corn and bread . ''
he had n't meant to be that obvious , but it just came spewing out , like corn from the thresher .
i look down at my plate as he scoops some mashed potato and sweet corn on it .
she rifled through the frozen goods , pitching bags of peas , corn and waffles in the sink before sighing .
he waved the corn in the air as he spoke .
he popped a caramel piece of corn into his mouth , then gestured toward her baking ingredients .
` ` i use skim milk instead of regular or soy , and have special k instead of corn flakes for breakfast .
karen shook her head as she bit into her corn on the cob .
zach watched her lips wrap around the corn and had to force his gaze away .
karen swallowed her lucky corn and wiped her mouth .
i serve up spaghetti , which is the easiest meal on the planet to prepare , and garlic bread and corn .
` ` here , '' realm says , putting a piece of corn bread on my tray .
when lunch arrived , i found out that the smitten kittens were having a squad meeting ( that i was n't invited to ) , and i was left to hurry through my test , then plop down in the cafeteria among the smells of processed meat and steamed corn .
but for a second , i wanted to tell him to meet me somewhere else altogether and maybe go for corn dogs .
kettle corn !
but it alright , they are also grilling burgers , corn on the cob , and ribs . ''
` ` i love burgers , corn , and ribs . ''
gunner was sitting at the table husking corn .
` ` corn that 's been cooked .
we all played along , but usually , after the second or third microwave corn dog , you kind of wanted to throw up .
but we ' ve run through what corn we brought in our bags , and mr . murphy 's got the keys to the pantry store . ''
the sight of the coop brought mrs . bug suddenly to mind , though - the vision of her scattering corn from her apron , crooning to the silly things .
my own piece de resistance was stew - which , lacking onions , garlic , carrots , and potatoes , had devolved into a sort of pottage consisting of venison or turkey stewed with cracked corn , barley , and possibly chunks of stale bread .
she nodded to me and tossed the corn in handfuls .
entirely justified , too , for she dropped the last handful of cracked corn and , with it , all pretense .
the upshot of this conversation - and many like it - was that i made an arrangement to help with the keeping of the kitchen garden in return for a share of ` ` sass '' ( as mrs . landrum puzzlingly referred to green stuff like kale and turnips ) , beans , and dried corn , as well as a small plot where i could cultivate medicinal herbs .
tools , hides , live animals , feed corn , tobacco , and hogsheads of everything from salt fish to molasses were to be found in the outbuildings , while comestibles and dry goods were in the main building .
` ` i ' ve never seen sae many outlandish - looking people in all my born days , '' she said , making no effort not to stare as a pair of cherokee braves in full regalia rode up to the trading post , followed by several women on foot in a mixture of doeskins and european shifts , skirts , breeches , and jackets , these dragging bundles of hides on a travois or carrying huge cloth bundles full of squash , beans , corn , dried fish , or other salables on their heads or backs .
i shove a forkful of corn into my mouth .
haley turns an adorable shade of red and she traces a make - believe line in her corn .
after mixing the flour and corn meal together , i had jake start rolling the chicken .
` ` oh , yes , definitely large corn on the cob .
i lifted my corn on the cob that jesse had grilled to perfection and bit into it just as nik raised his beer .
wyatt lumbered his way across the room and systematically dumped steaming plates filled with giant hunks of steak , corn , and baked potatoes on our table .
chapter 37 : suffering that fucking moon was yellow , an ugly globular corn kernel sagging in the sky .
the added corn sweetener in the sports drink should have made it undrinkable ; it was nectar .
turkey , ham , and cheese sandwiches , mashed potatoes , corn , broccoli , assorted cheeses , and assorted drinks were all on the table .
i ' ve munched my way through the sweet corn and beans and my lettuce patch looks like the slugs have been at it .
markman sat at the kitchen table sprinkling a spoon full of sugar on his corn chex as cassiopia eyed him with a disapproving stare .
i also noticed that what substituted for chickens had leathery wings but feathered bodies and feasted on scraps of flesh rather than corn or meal .
one strange thing i had noticed about the diet of human children is that all of their most stereotypically hated foods were in actuality the healthiest food they could consume , while the food that most excited them was whatever contained the highest amount of carcinogenic chemicals and high - glucose corn syrups .
my flashlight picked out the main greeting counter , yuki 's the snack bar to our right selling takoyaki and corn dogs .
i happen to enjoy poached cod with corn cakes and cucumber salad , replied lord lodge , pulling out his cutlery from the folded napkin .
like the house itself , it was modest , and everything was homemade , from the taco - like fry bread , to stews made of dried corn and chili .
were having pork roast , green beans , and creamed corn .
he crunched the corn chips as he said , got us enough to get through the night .
pigs and ears of corn were roasted right beside the dance floor where armed mercenaries put aside their differences to hunt young women with jerky but strangely effective dance moves .
the centerpiece was a rich - smelling roasted pig with a glazed head and milky eyeballs , the innards replaced with spiced sugar - corn , raw cinnamon - powdered apples , and thick noodles laced with green herbs and stuffed with dripping yellow and red cheeses .
we both know that i wo nt be able to share the turkey , the corn , mashed potatoes and gravy , the sweet potato pie that she always cooks for me and no one else , the cranberries and the delicious pumpkin pie .
she filled the cart with cans of beans and corn and chili , and then , pasta , coffee , sugar , creamer , dried fruit , nuts and beef jerky .
it 's dried corn with the last of the chicken i had the other day with some sage for seasoning .
i said through a mouthful of sushi and corn chips .
two days earlier , after a dinner of pork chops , corn on the cob , a beet salad , and peach cobbler at the house cafeteria , darrel and i had checked out a basketball and walked to a lighted park six blocks away .
she handed maria a cob of corn to shuck as she cut some fresh green beans .
um thanks , maria said as she boiled the corn as well then turned back to the steak .
maria confessed before picking up the corn , eating it messily , coating her face in butter .
sitting there with that steaming tray of potatoes , beans , and corn was torture .
he imagined cans of corned beef , green beans , and corn as well as cereal in the pantry , and lunch meat , tomatoes , and cucumbers in the fridge along with a gallon of milk .
he grabbed a can of corn beef , opened it , and walked to the kitchen .
as graham carried a bucket of freshly steamed corn towards his friend 's apartment , he dodged bags of dirty laundry and bins of sorted garbage left in the halls .
graham shook those dark thoughts of the past away , grabbed one of the ears of corn , and said , okay .
then he laughed and said , ` ` though i would like to take you up on that offer to taste the corn hooch you were talking about .
there was a pretty large selection on offer and he chose a can of corn , with some canned chili for a quick meal .
tell them you ll trade some damn corn and orange cabbage for your sisters ?
venison steak , potatoes , corn and homemade bread which was slightly stale .
bates was smiling now , in a manner that he hoped was infectious , but ryan was still staring blankly and morosely out of the visicom , as though the whole grand idea of fake corn curls at a party was completely beyond his comprehension .
i opened up the lid and saw spanish rice and beans with corn tortillas .
other soldiers held open their packs and i saw all kinds of food , from corn to sausages to cereal bars .
she bought her corn at a farm stand .
how s corn flake ?
but corn flakes under anaesthesia .
poor liddle corn flake has a boo boo on his leg , she said , putting her arms around flaker even more tightly .
thank you so much for taking care of him , she said when she had finished lavishing corn flake with post - trauma affection and assurance .
kaitlyn stood in the doorway , with a little less corn and grass on her now .
minor ones , o.k . , but all corn and maltor grist as some would have itto the mill .
i tried introducing high fructose corn syrup into the base waffle batter to save me the trouble of breaking the bonds between the fructose and glucose in the sucrose , but the balance of fructose and glucose is wrong in the corn syrup and i also like to leave some of the regular sugar in the batter .
i tried introducing high fructose corn syrup into the base waffle batter to save me the trouble of breaking the bonds between the fructose and glucose in the sucrose , but the balance of fructose and glucose is wrong in the corn syrup and i also like to leave some of the regular sugar in the batter .
a quick search revealed only a can of tomato paste and three boxes of corn muffin mix , all of which they bagged up before leaving .
chopped pieces of roast pork , small flat noodles , some vegetables that look like corn and onions , and a creamy sauce .
ribs , chicken , corn and wedges ok ?
tinned soups , peas , sweat corn , noodles , soya mini hot dogs , pilchards , beans , corned beef and lastly a tin of spaghetti os .
the villagers do not ask anything of me , and i am content to let them talk amongst themselves , of harvesting corn and storing squash .
roast pork was served with peas and corn and gravy .
veragones goes back , calderon calls him off and catches it like a can of corn .
it 's really simple ; spit roasted lamb with potatoes and corn and fish wrapped in tin foil cooked in the embers .
10 bags of potato and corn chips 10 containers of dip 1 ' boombox ' 40 paper party hats and masks ( one for each girl and guard ) 1 ' twister ' party game 1 package of party balloons and last , but not least : 1 can of budweiser beer for each girl present !
it was out of place , cheap - looking , like the things you used to get from omar the mystic a kids serial harvey could have pulled in from the thirties that night by sending in ten box - tops of kelloggs corn flakes plus twenty - nine cents .
i ' ve never heard of someone offering so much for an ear of corn . ''
fried chicken , mashed potato with butter , peas , gravy , corn .
apparently canned beans and corn on a daily basis do kill you before term .
there is traditional white corn - meal in it also , as well as some beans , wild onions , and various herbs .
mary asked , as the four token white - people sat around their table for lunch , which consisted of some sort of tasty combination of squash , corn , and beans .
` ` some extra cheese , maybe some beans and corn .
that last word seemed to remind him of the open bag of candy corn on the coffee table , and he leaned forward to grab a handful .
` ` candy corn ? ''
` ` the weather changes all the time , smarty - pants , '' he said , scooping his keys and another handful of candy corn from the coffee table and rising to his feet .
scraped up a dark handful that was more sludge than corn .
` ` it 's one of the pouches of corn that is part of the sacrifice that comes with a new elantrian , '' karata said .
` ` not just corn .
` ` the rest of the offerings do n't interest me - only the corn .
he reached inside and pulled out a dozen small bags of corn .
pushing a few kernels of corn around in his palm .
raoden smiled , passing the corn to his friend and placing his hand on the dula 's shoulder .
galladon nodded , putting the corn back in its hiding place .
the elantrians could turn stone into corn and dirt into steak .
he dropped one fruit in every bag , followed by some steamed corn , various vegetables , and a small loaf of bread .
they turned one of the walls blue , then changed it back , and raoden managed to convert a smile pile of charcoal into a few grains of corn .
a tall , spidery woman with corn yellow hair seemed to appear by his elbow , towering over him by a good ten centimeters .
` ` i do n't have anything but corn and beans , '' he said .
the gunslinger asked him as brown dropped three ears of hot corn onto his plate .
` ` coming here , and once to sell corn .
he filled his tote sack with corn meal , dried and roasted corn , and half of the raw hamburg in the cooler .
he pulled back , realized it was a box of corn flakes .
then it seemed to him that time had folded back on itself and it was ruth herself lying there with a can of creamed corn rolling free of one relaxing hand .
or it would n't be if his head resembled an empty can of creamed corn , the only kind of target i was used to .
there 's beef jerky and corn on the cob !
` ` please , mother , may i have another ear of corn ? ''
7 eddie thought the meal , he ate that day was the best he had had since the mythic birthday feasts of his childhood , when his mother had made it her business to serve everything he liked - meatloaf and roasted potatoes and corn on the cob and devil 's food cake with vanilla ice cream on the side .
because mills that ground grain or corn never permitted any open fire or flame inside - not even a candle .
if they lingered here much longer , roland realized , they would be popped like corn .
` ` dried corn and dried blueberries , soaked in whiskey , '' said augustus twofeathers mccoy .
i vomited a foul - smelling thin yellow liquid ; in it was a dog 's paw - my guess was a doberman 's , but i ' m not really a dog person ; a tomato peel ; some diced carrots and sweet corn ; some lumps of half - chewed meat , raw ; and some fingers .
housebot has solved the problem by producing a bowl of tinned sweet corn .
we have run out of tinned sweet corn .
i had to walk all the way to carnaby street before i found anything open and then all the way back carrying ten tins of sweet corn .
ahead , sam noticed that the women who had been cooking at the stove were now spooning out roasted corn and stew into stone bowls .
reaching the head of the line , sam was handed a bowl of steaming stew topped by a ladle of mashed roasted corn .
kane took the artifact from her , lifting it like it was a stalk of corn .
had more than corn been harvested from there ?
possibly making the corn dangerous to consume . ''
` ` eventually even the media will wise up , so viatus continued its own research into the compounds - to incorporate imd into our corn . ''
amos watched them go , then went to the tea - and - coffee stand , bought a cup of black coffee and a corn muffin .
` ` enchilada soup , tamales , and corn casserole . ''
she had been rising out of bed , but instead she hesitated , lips corn ' pressed , and then collapsed heavily to the floor .
his mighty horse , bucephalus , charged into the crowd of onrushing soldiers , tossing them to the sides like stalks of corn .
there were crows ' nests atop the broken tower , where no one ever went but him , and sometimes he filled his pockets with corn before he climbed up there and the crows ate it right out of his hand .
say , got any corn ?
he had a raven on his arm , and he was feeding it kernels of corn .
the lord commander shook his head , gathered up a fistful of corn , and whistled .
mormont smiled and gave the bird some corn from his pocket , and that was how tyrion left him .
he wanted to climb the broken tower and feed corn to the crows .
for the past week , the travelers had been thick as flies upon the kingsroad ; knights and freeriders , singers with their harps and drums , heavy wagons laden with hops or corn or casks of honey , traders and craftsmen and whores , and all of them moving south .
` ` corn !
he offered the raven a handful of corn from his pocket .
` ` i want me a bird that talks , and eats corn from my hand . ''
six coppers for a melon , a silver stag for a bushel of corn , a dragon for a side of beef or six skinny piglets .
they were screaming in the old tongue as they stormed the barricade , jabbing with their spears , swinging their bronze axes , spilling corn and blood with equal abandon while crossbow quarrels and arrows rained down on them from the archers that donal noye had posted on the stair .
when it got neither corn nor answer , it quorked and muttered , ` ` kettle ?
no sooner had he entered than mormont 's raven flew at him demanding corn .
` ` val sent her to plead for mance again , '' jon lied , and they talked for a while of mance and stannis and melisandre of asshai , until the raven ate the last corn kernel and screamed , ` ` blood . ` `
she winces as she breaks up some frozen corn kernels with the flat edge of a knife .
he fills his cart with soups and pastas , with corn and peas , with even , he 's delighted to find , custard .
` ` tell me about it , '' regine grumbles , handing him a bowl that 's half creamed corn , half some kind of noodle - filled chili .
` ` there is corn and chili again for breakfast , '' tomasz says .
` ` hot dogs , creamed corn and chili con carne . ''
right now it 's mr turner who did n't hand over enough of his corn yield to ` ` the good use of the whole town '' , which just means he did n't give no free corn to mr prentiss and his men .
he bit into the snake , ripping into the raw flesh as if it were an ear of corn .
he reached into his parfleche and pulled out an ear of corn .
glass held out the corn for a long time as the woman continued her wailing chant .
she mumbled something that he could not understand and pushed the corn to her mouth .
glass saw that she had no teeth , pressing the raw corn between her gums .
he threw corn into the pot with the dog meat and continued his search through the village .
he pulled corn from the pot and ate that too , saving the broth and the boiled meat for the squaw .
i had learned to drive our car short distances by nailing cans of corn to my church shoes so i could reach the pedals .
she hissed and took a swipe at the can of corn under my shoe .
the other is as sweet as corn syrup and as high - pitched as a little girls .
i killed those flamingos for eating my corn .
wbots serves a platter of beef , corn , rice , fruit pears , bread rolls , and a tiny sliver of chocolate cake for dessert ( more , babe ) .
wings grow like indian corn up towards the heavens then expand outwards like rose bush thorns into two beautiful objects of pure white desire and pleasure .
i wo nt keep you long because our lovely dinner of beans and sweet corn awaits us .
the deli counter is empty - as expected and the glass that once protected the food underneath has been smashed , shards of glass fill the little metal containers that once held sweet corn , lettuce and other sandwich fillers .
my curves helped me out in the beauty department to compensate for my lack of hating all food but the occasional ramen noodles or can of corn .
but were also having potatoes , pasta salad , and corn on the cob .
he had wispy hair the color of summer corn , a slightly crooked nose spotted with light brown freckles , and a wide , friendly smile full of perfectly white teeth .
i throw the tomato rinds and corn cobs on the ground , and listen as the dog happily gulps them up in her teeth .
she has my favorite meal in the works , country style steak , mashed potatoes , corn , and homemade rolls .
i load the corn onto the gator and then take off .
i put out the corn and hear a four - wheeler in the distance .
as i begin to pull the bag of corn off the gator , i look over my shoulder to see cash approaching .
after we finish putting out the corn , cash follows me to the stand .
i had come here with axel and leaving with another guy was pretty low , however when his ex showed back up , handing him an ear of corn which he took , my bad feelings were replaced with irritation .
` ` corn dogs and funnel cakes , '' he replies .
dad , probably , figuring he d sneak up to the attic one day and gorge in his own private candy corn heaven , without mom ever finding out he d cheated on his lifelong diet .
i look around at the evening crowd , a full lobby , lots of happy people heading into theaters munching corn .
its the typical state fair scene ; lots of bundled up folks eating kettle corn and candy apples and cotton candy and elephant ears slathered in chocolate pudding .
hey look , he said , ears of corn .
he was holding two ears of corn to his head , obviously reprising an old joke , and making her laugh .
she thought her ability was lost after fighting mr . corn before .
at midday , dagdron waited while his father crept into a farm to steal corn and apples , unsure whether they would be able to find food deeper in the forest .
they ate the remaining apples and corn .
chef barig encouraged everyone excitedly as students and visitors alike loaded up their plates with meat , corn on the cob , different kinds of potatoes , rolls , fruit , and bowls of chicken soup .
with sweet corn in the mix ?
grandma mary made us fried chicken , mashed potatoes , and corn on the cob .
the smell of freshly popped corn , hot dogs , and pizza assaulted me .
starting the party at three in the afternoon , daddy provides kiddie pony rides , hay wagon rides , a bouncy foam house exhibition for the young kids of the farm workers and for the pre - teens there are bow and arrow fun and a long horse trail lead by the responsible teens as well as serving folks with tons of fresh pork bbq , thousands of gallons of baked beans , hundreds of corn - on - the - cobs , big containers of fresh sliced potato salad , oceans of sweet tea , and batches of freshly home - baked rainbow - colored sprinkled cupcakes that s really for the younger kids then at precisely five all the children go home to watch tv or to sleep as the party entertains the adults with a hoe down .
i slowly jerk the binoculars back to beck as he still smiles and chuckles staring at his plate of five pieces of fried chicken , a mountain of mashed white potatoes that covers in yellow butter , a bigger helping of brown pinto beans beside an equal height of yellow sweet corn as beck stirs two of his vegetables together which makes me really hungry .
he lifts the plate , spinning it around as his mixture of beans and corn face him then he consumes the heap in four bites using a spoon to gather the delicious sweet juice of the corn then mops the residue with three pieces of golden brown cornbread as he chews then smiles then chuckles then swallows then chews , again .
he lifts the plate , spinning it around as his mixture of beans and corn face him then he consumes the heap in four bites using a spoon to gather the delicious sweet juice of the corn then mops the residue with three pieces of golden brown cornbread as he chews then smiles then chuckles then swallows then chews , again .
i finished the chicken , before shovelling a pile of corn into my mouth using my hands .
carda grimly shoveled corn flakes into his mouth .
jason often did the same and his mom usually made the best second lunches for him consisting of a spread of steaks , roasted potatoes and corn on the cob .
i asked , scooping up a bite full of his corn just to get him off my back about eating .
to natalia , billy was a juicy prime - rib example of how bovine growth hormone ; high fructose corn syrup ; monosodium glutamate ; and us red food dye # 6 ( not to mention ' sunset yellow # 4 ' ) had combined to ruin american society in the modern age .
there was a big loaf of bread , steaming piles of corn , and whole head of cauliflower smothered in cheese sauce .
adam rushes in holding a family - sized bag of smart food pop corn , my favorite snack .
plates of hot dogs , bags potato chips , bowls of salad , and plates of hot corn on the cob were placed on each table .
cory picked up an ear of corn and bit into it .
looking like the cowboy printed on one of the very , very old cans of corn that routinely showed up in our pantry .
the tacos , corn , and double fudge chocolate cake would definitely do the trick .
she was still eating those disgusting tacos and corn .
the wrinkly fungi , studded in a bowl of vegetable rag like glistening jewels , were served and consumed , together with wooliwog steaks , sunflower crabs , tiger corn soup and an array of stews and comfort food .
you can have roast beef , mashed potatoes , creamed corn , meat loaf , stewed tomatoes , salad , macaroni and cheese , chicken divan , butternut squash .
i picked roast beef , taters , corn , mac & cheese , angel food cake with whipped cream , pepsi and ice pops for my throat .
charlotte will just throw a bowl of corn flakes at him later and call it brunch .
the aroma of sweet kettle corn , roasted hot dogs and grilled hamburgers filled the air making fionas mouth water .
spider shoveled another spoonful of corn into his mouth .
there were nine of them grouped at one end of the table , and besides bread , they were feasting on barbecued chicken , beans , veggie kabobs , and a tomato , corn , and avocado salad .
royden said through a mouthful of corn flakes .
there 's a dozen other distilleries dotted around the country , all making a product sold behind the label ' mctavish ' from various sugar sources corn , barley , fruit .
two rainbow trout , a dozen or so new potatoes , baby corn and mange tout , were placed onto a foil lined tray .
the baby corn and mange tout were dropped into the boiling water with the new potatoes , while kevin sauted the pepper and mushrooms , and turned up the heat on the sauce .
ketzah munched slowly on a tiny ear of corn boiled in vinegar and oil , and stared at nenus , who drank deeply from a gilded cup .
paw bo smiles at the couple , holds up a small can of corn , excitedly , as if her life depends on it .
ah , the memories of long - gone endless days as a politician , mike thought as he sloshed through a milky cereal breakfast of corn chex .
i think that this a day for a celebration , how about if we make some green beans and creamed corn to go with it .
i would love some creamed corn .
a good choice , for a corn or rice distillery was in action and a villager only to keen to ask wil if he wanted a sip .
you call this the corn clown castle ?
the day before , you drank about six cans of red rover , your drink of choice , and god knows how much coffee , but no food that anyone can remember outside of the corn flakes that no one saw you eat either .
i cleaned up the kitchen and put together a tray of chowder , corn bread , and iced tea .
let me get another drink for each of us and ill get the grill going and throw on some crab and corn .
i stood at the grill making a mess of flipping the crab and corn shakily .
she ran the corn on the cob over the block of butter in the dish between us and salted it .
his wife was dressed in a striking two - piece black suit with corn yellow collar and cuffs .
but , when the second main course of slow roasted chicken , seasoned with secret special seasonings that mrs . dyebuko concocted up herself , and the corn along with the delicious snap peas , well , the people of riverwolf pass just simply could not stop eating , no matter how full they actually were.the food tasted better than any of them had ever tasted before and they were all waiting with baited breath for the dessert to come out so they could gobble that down too .
above the chest freezer was another shelf stocked with several large commercial cans of baked beans , corn , a few five - pound cans of skinned tomatoes , and smaller cans of other greens .
if we kick in the door , and he 's sat there in his underwear eating corn flakes , then there 's no need to use your weapon .
greetings were exchange and lunch consist of fried chicken with mashed potato , corn , and garlic bread was passed around .
or a sprig of corn . ''
` ` well , who pissed in your corn flakes ? ''
in my mind i took a quick inventory of non - perishable food - stuffs in my pantry , and wondered how long i could get by on top ramen and cans of corn .
occasionally , betty would bring over a basket of sweet corn or okra .
she noticed a bag filled with shiny yellow corn hanging on the fence .
she threw the corn in his direction .
lots of times the main dish would be fried chicken , rice and corn , with a slice of sweet corn bread .
many of these farms have many acres of farmland , growing corn , wheat , potatoes , various dairy products , and other foods stuffs .
` ` well , the rest is basically giant bags of wheat , corn , and frozen fruits '' , answers menendez , looking over at the meal in mccarthy 's hands .
you were such a wonderful big sister and never got upset with jemma , even when she called you candy corn .
tonight they had fried chicken , corn , mashed potatoes and sweet tea .
he removed a frozen tv dinner - fried chicken , corn , mashed potatoes , and a brownie .
she glared at me as if i had just shat on her corn flakes .
at the moment of my ingress he was holding out a handful of corn to his pet rocking horse .
sighing and replacing the corn in the bowl at the horses feet , he stepped away and moved to the other side of his dark , wooden desk .
do you know i even found him putting corn out for the rats that inhabit the vestry ?
i want to get something to eat , says veronica , walking to the kitchens to get a sweet white corn .
she made some cornbread from scratch , her own concoction with sage , onions , black pepper , corn , and pork rinds .
on it were a generous slab of the salmon that had been cooking outside , buttered corn on the cob , a bun of white bread , and a large dollop of something that looked like creamed spinach .
the chief limped to the picnic table and let his hands wander over the fifty pound sacks heaped like so many big - bellied white sows beside cardboard boxes of canned peaches and corn , cartons of lucky strikes , a 5 - gallon stand of lard .
october was brown and yellow and crackly and tasted like candy corn .
puppy teeth , kitty fangs , fishy nubs of cartilage , orange bits of beak like candy corn .
he had sunken eyes and teeth that looked like he had forgotten to swallow his corn .
i take a big bite of creamed corn .
but , inevitably something new and sweet and cheap would come along to derail his noble ambitions , and send him drowning once again in a bottomless void of high - fructose corn syrup and hydrogenated oils .
she shot me a pair of goo - goo eyes , all sugar and corn syrup .
but this time the trip was the object and not the shell - corn in the wood barrel on back of the wagon with priss and merry gay .
inside , bernice was politely but loudly dickering over the price of milling corn .
they all shared a final meal of canned corn together .
we ate a stew of potatoes , carrots , chicken , cabbage , corn , and peas .
i do nt think i want them touching my corn .
cody lived and worked on the work farm for one year , six months planting corn , wheat , and cotton crops attending and graduating high school then completed college with an engineering degree at the age of seventeen and one - half years , classifying him as a genius teen smartass .
they shake out bed - sheets and blankets from their front porches ; they scrub their twin black iron skillets together at the shrinking channel , now more mud than water ; they swap food , a can of corn for a can of peaspeaches , do you have peaches ?
they ordered : number 8 combo with enchiladas , tacos and tamales , beans , rice and a side of corn tortillas for archer , two tacos for josie .
do you suppose they have corn on the cob ?
he would not have looked out of place with a piece of corn or wheat sticking out of his mouth as he nonchalantly chewed it .
the menu would include steaks , corn on the cob , and peach cobbler for dessert .
it 's not wheat or corn , although we will find ways to work commodities into the equation .
i do nt see any corn or anything ; just trees .
gran hovered near the stove , checking the corn bread , stirring the potatoes , okra , and corn .
as i reached for an ear of corn , i saw something between the stalks that stopped me cold .
she and gran spent hours during the summer and early fall putting up vegetables from our garden - tomatoes , peas , beans , okra , mustard greens , and corn .
for lunch thursday , the coffee shop offered the daily special of country - fried pork chops , turnip greens , and either candied yams , creamed corn , or fried okra .
so now you can earn your corn by helping us out a little . ''
they went off around the room like popping corn .
jennifer and ken bailey disposed of the bottle of corn syrup on the way back to the office .
he was about to start boiling some corn when the doorbell rang .
roast , potatoes , corn , snap peas , rolls , and iced tea .
the august he spent , age fifteen , working in the barbecue restaurant of a fairground ten miles south of camden , delaware , learning to ask customers , ` ` would you like some of our fresh corn on the cob with that ? ''
the room smelled of fermented corn and spilled beer .
this consisted of buttered fresh corn tortillas and scrambled eggs with peppers and onions , drenched in an orange chile sauce that just about incinerated the lining of marks 's mouth .
i ' ve been in italy for four days now , and i ' ve had nothing but corn chips and sandwiches .
backman dipped a wafer into a $ 500 pile of caviar and stuck it in his mouth , like a teenager with a corn chip and salsa .
they hear only their own voices , and maybe abraham 's if he 's got a code ring out of a box of corn flakes ! '
two other mills provided corn and wheat .
a large black skillet was hidden in the center of the table , and when she pulled the napkin off it there were at least four pounds of hot corn bread .
she and miss callie compared notes on the different recipes for things such as corn bread , brunswick stew , and even collard greens .
it was not a soup kitchen ; the plates were filled with corn , potatoes , a slice of something that was either turkey or chicken , fruit salad , bread .
more corn than a sane man ever wants to see . '
i was doing a story about corn prices , of course .
in extreme slow motion , the cinderblock wall begins to smoke ; small particles of mortar and concrete begin to jump lazily upward like popping corn .
either that or i had eaten a bad batch of corn chips and salsa .
as he quizzed harriet on her studies , gloria nibbled on a piece of corn bread and stole glances at her husband .
everything from crust to corn .
he sipped the cold corn chowder .
and i ' m just pleased as corn on the cob to agree to it . ''
he had two boys with him-'shine runners by the look of them , smelling of corn , sour mash , and methanol .
alcohol , cuban food , shellfish , nuts , and corn were forbidden .
there was no maple syrup in the microwave , but a bottle of corn syrup was warming in a pan on the stove .
i licked corn syrup off my finger , wondering how sound had anything to do with gravity , space , or anything .
head down , i ducked out from his hands , going to the table and recapping the corn syrup as if nothing had happened , but my shoulders were cold , making it feel as if he was touching me still .
i cajoled as i slid the corn syrup in next to the cornflakes and shut the door hard .
i went through another can of fruit slime , a can of creamed corn , and a small tin of sausage links the size of my finger , before i finally slowed down enough to think .
and the fringer street rat in me cringed whenever i threw perfectly good meat into the bushes or dumped half a can of corn down a dark hole , but what could i do ?
ruth and martha were ladling stew into bowls and passing them around , and a large bowl of corn muffins sat on the table within easy reach of everyone .
mom cooked my favorite food : chicken , roast potatoes , corn on the cob .
the air smelled of cotton candy and grilled corn on the cob .
if he 'd wanted to , he could have ripped their throats out in the blink of an eye ... then thrown the carcasses on a spit over a fire , basted them for a couple of hours , and had them for dinner with an ear of corn and a bag of chips .
rome is so dependent upon egypt for corn that the emperor wants to prevent the country from ever falling under the control of a powerful traitor .
flowers had packed salads and breads and desserts for them , as wel as meat and corn to gril on a hibachi stefan had brought from the boardinghouse .
blaise was eating candy corn with one hand and scribbling on a yellow legal pad with the other , all the while listening attentively .
she stirred the candy corn with long , elegant nails .
blaise ate another piece of candy corn .
the early - evening fresh air smelled deliciously of sizzling steak , barbecue , and grilled corn on the cob .
from the refrigerator he pulled out a giant baking dish full of what looked like corn husks and a smaller one full of noodles .
dinner was hamburgers and smoked salmon , corn and broccoli and salad , with berry pie for dessert and thomas kemper 's old fashioned birch soda to wash it down .
` ` the corn or the sugar ? ''
dinner is hot dogs , in my case , the veggie kind , corn and sweet potatoes roasted on the fire .
meat loaf , mashed potatoes , two bags of corn chips , a fruit roll - up , chocolate ice cream , and a pop - tart . ''
now let me really taint your corn flakes by reminding you that if something has found him and they manage to take his powers , they alone will have the ability to kill you .
last year , the principal hung candy - corn lights around her office door , which also had a sign that said , in green shaky letters , boo !
me , i 'd eat it cold : corn on the cob and shrimp were good cold anyway , and i was hungry enough to stomach the cold potatoes and sausage .
` ` shrimp , sausage , corn on the cob , and potatoes .
sean helped me bring out sandwiches , corn on the cob , napkins , and paper plates .
bright square packages of frozen pizza , bags of corn , peas , and normandy mix .
the dark - haired woman grabbed a six - pack of del monte canned corn from her cart and hurled it at the creature .
she passed the dish of corn to him .
she grabbed the closest one to her - an old cast - iron skillet of jo - jo 's that i baked corn bread in - and came at me again .
dobson snorted in disgust and let the second freezer lid fall and whomp back into place , since it was full of innocent things like frozen packets of corn , bags of cranberries , and tubs of summer strawberries that jo - jo had added sugar to and frozen to eat during the winter months .
he ignored how every kings ' gaze but king venclaire 's flashed in instant frustration and irritation , and he picked up his silverware to scoop up corn .
he chewed slowly , scooting his corn around until he scooped up another spoonful .
he wrinkled his nose with distaste when she bought a bag of kettle corn .
` ` a corn dog and a root beer . ''
all regan 's qualms about what might be served were swept away when she was handed a large plate heaped with what she hoped was a steak , potatoes , and corn on the cob .
she moved along the food tables , filling two plates , one with roast beef , turkey , and ham , the other with mashed potatoes , corn , and a blueberry muffin .
he turned at the sound of erik 's voice , his gaze moving over the corn and potatoes on erik 's tray .
munching on a slice of bread smothered in butter and honey , she wondered if he ever missed real food - meat and potatoes , fresh peas and corn , hamburgers and hot dogs , potato salad , freshly baked bread warm from the oven , cakes and cookies , pie and ice cream , grapes and strawberries , malts and sodas and all the other good things to eat and drink that she took for granted .
she did n't have time to think about how hot steve was , or how his kiss had melted her insides like butter on a steaming ear of corn .
it 's half price tickets and free pop corn ! ''
when rachel got downstairs , she saw mashed potatoes , corn and gravy , too .
` ` you 're awfully quiet over there , '' rachel looked up from her plate , swallowed her bite of corn and said , ` ` fine . ''
at one time he 'd even struck up and down her arm much like someone eating an ear of corn .
dori dropped a spoonful of salsa on a buttered corn tortilla , covered that with a little queso and rolled it up before biting into it with a happy smile .
trace had introduced them to the tasty goodness of warm corn tortillas as an appetizer .
the day before i left her family , there was a feast in celebration - lamb and mint jelly , roast corn , biscuits and honey , baked sweet potatoes with brown sugar , berries sprinkled with sugar .
phoebe had swiped half a bag of candy corn from the journalism room , and we each took a handful .
fin returned with the popcorn , which was actually kettle corn , which was even better .
the pantry boasts a box of stale cereal and an equal y stale bag of corn chips .
turkey , mashed potatoes with gravy , butter beans and creamed corn , sweet potatoes with marshmallows , honey ham and biscuits , pumpkin and lemon meringue pie , which , after my evening in the swamp , i was pretty sure she was making more for uncle abner than the rest of us .
` ` sara , hand me those packages of broccoli and corn .
sean asks innocently as he reads the label of a can of corn vivian had bought .
it 's obvious he 's avoiding eye contact because what else would be in a can of corn besides corn ?
` ` that would have been easier if i had n't had to listen to you two bicker outside my door for the last half hour like two old woman fighting over the last can of corn . ''
my favorite food is corn chowder with bacon .
i think we are having corn chowder with bacon again , because that 's what we have the most of , so we have to save the other types of food for special occasions like birthdays , and mine 's coming up in a week or so .
people kept walking by carrying corn dogs and caramel apples - lots of calories on sticks - and i suddenly remembered that while our chef makes an awesome creme brulee , his corn dogs really do leave something to be desired .
people kept walking by carrying corn dogs and caramel apples - lots of calories on sticks - and i suddenly remembered that while our chef makes an awesome creme brulee , his corn dogs really do leave something to be desired .
` ` i had a craving for a corn dog . ''
hundreds of people crowd around the trucks and knock each other down to get one bag of corn .
mom final y brings the corn and bread to the table , and we dig in .
she made baked chicken with lemon , corn on the cob , and cornbread .
i ' m using gramma 's hashbrown chicken casserole recipe , but i make it my own by switching out the corn flakes for frosted flakes .
not corn fritter . ''
` ` corn and a big , juicy steak . ''
we cook githeri , a simple dish of corn and beans .
ai n't drunk nothin ' but good corn likker since the day they pulled me offa my mama 's teat , i ai n't .
hell , ol ' mama , torty fink , which was her given name , liked her corn , too , so i figure the mother 's milk i was gettin ' outta her was a good fifty proof .
oh , ` ` corn whiskey , corn whiskey , corn whiskey , '' i cry , if'n i do n't get corn whiskey , i surely will die !
oh , ` ` corn whiskey , corn whiskey , corn whiskey , '' i cry , if'n i do n't get corn whiskey , i surely will die !
` ` why , that 's straight corn likker with some sugar in it !
` ` well , i know how much you like that wedding movie and it always makes you laugh , so i figured we could watch it with some kettle corn .
he 's no longer pecking the candy corn , just kind of throbbing back and forth .
avery was only five foot one , and standing next to her made heather feel like the jolly green giant on a can of corn .
a rail - thin girl with a long , hangdog face and goth - pale skin was picking at a plate of plain penne noodles , and a pudgy redhead with a noticeable bald patch above her right ear was nibbling furiously on an ear of corn .
mtv 's my super sweet 16 blared in the background , and the house smelled like the baked chicken and corn on the cob mrs . dilaurentis had fixed for dinner .
today jemimah has prepared arroz con pollo , with side dishes of conch chowder and a corn pudding .
she sat with them at dinner , ripping herself some corn on the cob when no one was looking .
ok , '' i began , pushing the corn casserole around on my plate , afraid to look anyone in the eye , lest anyone else get upset or jealous , ` ` i do n't get why i have to go to india for this whole eternal walk thing .
` ` canned corn , canned mushrooms , a can of gravy , green beans , pimento , rice and ... . cookies .
she looked like a piece of candy corn , a shock of white - blond hair piled on top of her head with a yellow barrette .
i let you have the extra cob of corn , like i always do .
my mom made fried chicken , mashed potatoes , corn on the cob , and rolls with cinnamon butter .
in several porcelain dishes sat fried chicken , creamed corn , mashed potatoes and biscuits the size of my hand .
` ` i do n't have any corn , you wretched things . ''
argent knows that these thoughts will fill his head for months to come as he mindlessly scans canned corn and pocket - damp coupons .
bam is going to have to make sure the guards know enough not to talk about anything with hayden that does n't involve spam and canned corn .
` ` our corn fritters are legendary and addictive . ''
it 's fresh , and has corn in it .
the rest of the counter was covered with bowls of broccoli and rice casserole , cranberry sauce , green beans , corn , gravy , mashed potatoes and to my surprise , spaghetti .
truth is , the average high school class runs on pop - tarts , corn pops , and red bull .
it tasted like there was sausage in the cookie , and corn , and raisins .
the only one without a gun was wolf girl , who held a corn knife instead .
i tried to remember the second half as i crunched through the entire bag of corn chips , hoping to get rid of my stomach pains .
any time you start mentioning corn dogs , you know it 's time to end the e - mail .
` ` it 's a wiener wrapped in corn bread . ''
` ` maybe i should have asked before i bought you the corn dog , '' i said .
a quechua lady with a huge smile was waiting in the school with a breakfast of sweet purple corn drink and boiled eggs .
sweet corn mixed with white cheese and anise wafted from the kitchen , where dona filomena , the quechua lady who wore perpetual smile creases around her obsidian eyes , was boiling humintas in an enormous dented pot .
mashed potatoes were everywhere and corn was flung at them .
surrounding it are various partially or fully eaten side dishes of candied yams , mashed potatoes , corn on the cob , pan fried noodles , potato salad , and macaroni salad to name a few .
such things as corn , green beans , spinach , beets , spaghetti sauce , soup when i had satisfied the list down to rolled anchovies with capers , i started on the other goods .
he gingerly made his way down into the cabin then emerged a few seconds later holding a can of corn and said to the big guy , hell there 's enough food down here to feed a fuckin army .
now , joe is feeling like a character in a fairy tale , except that instead of marking his trail with kernels of corn , he has been leaving behind dribs and drabs of courage .
in a fairy tale , when a path is longer than the bag of corn is deep , problems , serious problems result .
dierde had roasted another chicken in anticipation of her homecoming and served it with mashed potatoes and canned creamed corn .
its a fiery clear liquid distilled from cooking corn mash in a copper kettle .
i picked up an ear of corn the rat was eating on and threw it after him .
these leaders had corn in abundance , and would not let them partake of it ; they adopted as a maxim -- for they , too , had maxims -- that it was of very little consequence that men , children , and old women should die , so long as the women who were to defend the walls remained strong and healthy .
the railcar was piled high with what anderson was sure were bags of corn and other agreed upon items of trade such as bicycle tires .
what 's that , some type of corn ? ''
said duke manfist , pelting him with a prop ear of corn .
chris only grunted as he breathed in the aroma of the stew and corn muffins that had been set in front of him .
roasted ham , mashed potatoes , corn on the cob and biscuits .
by the time hanna had finished her rows and had moved onto another packet of seeds , chris was just finishing his first row of the sweet corn .
there was salve to put on wounds , a little parched corn and cornbread to keep their strength up .
the meal was a soup made from the fish , tuber roots , green corn and hominy , boiled in a ceramic pot that had been put in the coals of the fire .
they not only put corn in the crib , but also beans and other storable food items .
that day he picked corn and played with the family until dark .
she would pick several baskets of corn .
she would feel the ears corn to make sure they were full .
my father grew corn and raised dairy cows .
now nate spent most of his evenings sipping corn whiskey and telling stories to the people of herrickstead .
he had a glass of crystal clear corn liquor on the arm of his rocker from which he sipped every other pause in his story .
once he got a sip or two of his fathers corn liquor in him , though , it was difficult to get him to shut up .
thorn nearly choked on a bite of corn casserole when he looked up to see the finger was pointing squarely at him .
he provides his customers around his store with the rice or corn , the fish , the salt , the vinegar , the spices needed for the daily cooking .
it is a fact within judicial notice , which courts of justice may not properly overlook or ignore in the interests of truth and justice , that there exists a general feeling on the part of the public that alien participation in the retail trade has been attended by a pernicious and intolerable practices , the mention of a few of which would suffice for our purposes ; that at some time or other they have cornered the market of essential commodities , like corn and rice , creating artificial scarcities to justify and enhance profits to unreasonable proportions ; that they have hoarded essential foods to the inconvenience and prejudice of the consuming public , so much so that the government has had to establish the national rice and corn corporation to save the public from their continuous hoarding practices and tendencies ; that they have violated price control laws , especially on foods and essential commodities , such that the legislature had to enact a law ( sec .
it is a fact within judicial notice , which courts of justice may not properly overlook or ignore in the interests of truth and justice , that there exists a general feeling on the part of the public that alien participation in the retail trade has been attended by a pernicious and intolerable practices , the mention of a few of which would suffice for our purposes ; that at some time or other they have cornered the market of essential commodities , like corn and rice , creating artificial scarcities to justify and enhance profits to unreasonable proportions ; that they have hoarded essential foods to the inconvenience and prejudice of the consuming public , so much so that the government has had to establish the national rice and corn corporation to save the public from their continuous hoarding practices and tendencies ; that they have violated price control laws , especially on foods and essential commodities , such that the legislature had to enact a law ( sec .
i thought about that all my life , that kid and his corn flakes .
i think we have enough for an ear of corn and a piece of chicken , his father said checking the change in his pocket .
she then picked up a rock called a corn pounder and began to show angie how to grind corn on a large worn rock .
then she handed the corn pounder to angie and went into the teepee , leaving angie to sit alone , wondering why halona was so mean .
` ` but i ' m hungry , '' matthew mumbled around a mouthful of corn .
` ` we ' ve got chicken , corn and fried potatoes .
her southern drawl was smooth and sweet , like butter melting on a hot corn muffin .
after some time of watching practice , she opened her bag and took out a carrot and a slice of samani , the traditional breakfast bread made of corn flour and curcuma .
it made me want to keep the corn cakes from the evil governess .
i picked up some steaks this morning , and corn on the cob .
the girl wanted to laugh at the familiar sound of complimentary corn , but she saw that rodolpho 's face was sincere .
with one good snatch , he yanked him backwards , slamming the second target into a pine tree , where he flopped on the leaves like a burlap bag full of shucked corn .
the kid rearranged several bags of seed corn .
she would cook salted beef , steamed potatoes , corn and even pastries for dessert .
rego nodded to him as he ate his corn .
i do believe in almighty god and brother jesus and like my new bank account , but your story is running on corn fumes or maybe outer space farts .
the real bank checks to antebellum house in black ink that has now turned more like a light turd - looking yellowish - brown when i get sick from eating too much colonel corn candy .
the men would be hungry after their fast so the women were busy preparing fry bread , corn , swamp cabbage , turtle , deer , wild boar and their traditional corn drink , sofkee .
nice plump corn , good for roasting .
her heart skipped with joy as she grabbed a handful of corn from the leftovers and offered it to him .
furble grasped onto mollys little finger and steadied himself before eating the cracked corn from her hand .
at the banquet table havi had gone all out on the food and there was corn on the cob and fresh baked bread with barbequed chicken , even pot roast and chopped steak which eliza stuffed herself with like a hungry orphan from the musical oliver !
black smoke and flames billow skyward as one car after another continues to pile corn , coal , chemicals and fuel upon the pyre of flaming railway wreckage .
they pay the lunch admission , get a table then help themselves to plates of fried chicken , french fries , meatballs , ribs , ham , mini - corn dogs , salisbury steak , hush puppies , macaroni and cheese , hash browns , corn , onion rings , and stuffing .
there were freshly baked rolls soaked in butter , grilled chicken with lemon sauce , corn on the cob , mashed potatoes with chunks of garlic - all of it delicious .
alright , matt whispered back , stuffing a can of creamed corn in his backpack before zipping it up .
his phone rang while he was eating a bowl of corn flakes and reading the back of the cereal box , flabbergasted at all of the shit that went into making a half inch piece of pressed corn flour .
his phone rang while he was eating a bowl of corn flakes and reading the back of the cereal box , flabbergasted at all of the shit that went into making a half inch piece of pressed corn flour .
he sat crunching his corn flakes and thinking about tiny , and antoine , and elly .
would you like an antifreeze glaze on your corn ?
give tours of the toxic waste dump and sell ears of irradiated corn as souvenirs . ''
before i could retort , teel made his voice as sweet as the corn syrup we used to make stage blood .
` ` corn and asparagus soup , '' she said .
as if for good measure , i turned over jules 's soup bowl , sending her half - finished corn and asparagus flying across the table , toward my unsuspecting chest .
jules and maddy both looked at my vegetables suspiciously , but i was truly pleased by the bright green of the pea pods , the soft yellow of the baby corn .
to commemorate the role , maddy popped a batch of kettle corn in the microwave .
one single handful of kettle corn , stretched out over an entire hour . ''
the chicken , buttered corn and peas , roll , and the little dish of pudding went untouched until they had grown cold .
cabbage , ham , potatoes , corn , carrots , and some secret spices .
the market was split into three main groups : corn , vegetables and meat .
they were not the same as his normal corn .
zachery and danniella watched anxiously as he took a bite out of one corn and chewed thoughtfully .
i yelled ' you have corn ! '
' what is corn ? '
i rushed towards the fire , quenched it and removed the corn .
euphina spat again , trying to remove every particle of corn in her mouth while i chewed my corn hastily .
euphina spat again , trying to remove every particle of corn in her mouth while i chewed my corn hastily .
' who would take care of your corn now ? '
lila showed me my corn and i saw that the stalks were now taller than me .
i was watering my corn stalks when morriah came .
i put down my corn and gladly tagged along , leaving azadus with morriah .
i mean he eats corn ... !
wow , there was so much corn to eat that i would become one big , fat mouse if i did n't watch my diet .
it was the sweetest , juiciest corn i ever had .
they will all be made from corn , of course , since it is the great corn harvest festival that day .
it was n't that he was disagreeing with it , he was just too busy listing out foods that were made with corn .
you may win but i wo n't go easy , i told him as i dumped my basket of corn on the ground , leaped into the air and crammed it down on his head .
you will have to excuse me , but i need to get home , cheryl is making corn chowder tonight and i never miss her corn chowder , the judge said before turning and walking back out the door .
you will have to excuse me , but i need to get home , cheryl is making corn chowder tonight and i never miss her corn chowder , the judge said before turning and walking back out the door .
` ` with corn and okra . ''
damn ole deers eating all this fellows corn and he s trying to scare em away with music .
he watched tidwell crane up a volkswagen sized blob of guacamole on a trio of blue , six dollar a bag corn chips .
examples in the commodities market are investments such as wheat , soybeans , corn , gold and silver etc .
he was given a new route , and he looked at a map on his kitchen table as he drank coffee and ate corn flakes for dinner to make sure he could find the quickest way to the new streets .
twelve of them : each presorted into a threesome , moving into their assigned spots , for the moving plan was detailed according to astrological exactness ... each selected according to zodiac sign , each located according to star - point ... groups representing the elementals : fire , air , earth , water ; others , the four winds ; add the sacred numbersthe day , itself , was an equinoctial celebration : proportional of light and darkness dalores was number thirteen : catalytic , cabalistic , alien , a cloud of unknowingherself , the transforming agent ... what was the corn about but transformation in terms of a transubstantiationof flesh into mind into soul into spirit intothat is why they came ... to discover and explore the sequential into .
water - boys and corn sisters ... sisters and fellows ... heaving to the houses gangway : hauling - up anchor ... letting loose the sailsshipping out : plucking .
he fed the bird a piece of corn as he spoke : ` ` what can not be eluded must be embraced .
karsgoth fed his crow a piece of corn .
` ` i recall you were dreadfully fond of that horrid sticky candy corn .
when others went to bed in hay , fern , or feather , close in the inglenook they laid their heads together , old tom and muddy - feet , swapping all the tidings from barrow - downs to tower hills : of walkings and of ridings ; of wheat - ear and barley - corn , of sowing and of reaping ; queer tales from bree , and talk at smithy , mill , and cheaping ; rumours in whispering trees , south - wind in the larches , tall watchers by the ford , shadows on the marches .
he eyed the stalks the heads were mounted upon ; they looked flimsy at a glance , like boiled corn .
they throw corn into a deer enclosure , cross a hanging bridge and peer out through a quarter - a - throw binoculars at a view that promises them seven states on the rare sunny days when the air is perfectly clear .
it gave us salmon and corn and buffalo and passenger pigeons .
he ignored zoe 's echoing protest , plopped down in a recliner , and tore open a bag of corn chips .
it 's like carrying a corn husk or a nautilus shell when the inhabitant has vacated .
` ` we could watch some trigun , pop some corn .
i hope y' all like corn bread . ''
' well , ' said peavie , uncomfortably , ' what you do is , you take some corn , and you put it in , say , a number 3 crucible , with some cooking oil , you see , and then you put a plate or something on top of it , and when you heat it up it goes bang , i mean , not seriously bang , and when it 's stopped banging you take the plate off and it 's metamorphosed into these , er , things ... ' he looked at their uncomprehending faces .
' what do you call the things that grind corn ? '
he took a handful of corn out of his pocket .
within a few seconds the trays were waving stands of young corn , their heads already beginning to fill out and bend over .
raoden himself could turn garbage into fine corn .
on the city 's border an enormous bank of slaughterhouses stood behind a newly raised wall , with a plaza open beside them , and a handful of cows on spits roasting ; a dragon was sitting there eating one , holding it on the spit like an ear of corn .
marsh put away a big plate of roast lamb in parsley sauce , a small pigeon , lots of irish potatoes and green corn and beets , and two pieces of toby 's famous pecan pie .
they were passing the potatoes and the corn , and looked like they were discussing their respective days .
two bits of corn , and he 'd eventually have a massive shipment of grain sailing to the farmost dominance markets .
diana nibbled on the end of a corn muffin .
at first the book struggled against the stone , rattling and thrashing , and the crystal shook over its pages like a kernel of corn in hot oil .
charlotte sliced a loaf of corn bread into thick squares while samuel doled out crisp - looking cobs of yellow corn .
charlotte sliced a loaf of corn bread into thick squares while samuel doled out crisp - looking cobs of yellow corn .
they would bring him golden ears of corn and flasks of spiced wine , a lamb without blemish , the meager contents of the town 's treasury .
chapter 7 bill brockton turned out to be the sort of guy that people want to race to the nearest restaurant and fill up with potatoes and sour cream , fluffy biscuits awash in gravy , a mountain of fresh corn and a whopping slice of chocolate cake .
the specialty of the house is squab , he announced , it comes fried with a spicy black bean sauce , potatoes , zucchini and corn pone .
mrs . abigail chilcott , robins wet nurse and their housekeeper , was at the large fireplace frying corn cakes on a three - legged spider skillet .
robert said , breaking up a corn cake for robin .
robert shrugged his shoulders while finishing off his corn cake .
he had been feeling so good he had even given sally a peck on the cheek as she served him fresh , hot corn fritters .
a scattering of smoky fires told him some of the servants or their women were still about , frying corn mush for supper .
their colorful descriptions of its beauty and culture were reinforced in conversations i held with merchants that arrived in the granary ships , filled with barley and corn , lovingly describing what was the most wondrous place in the world .
ioanis had told me that he had called before , and also of the rumor that the romans wanted to fix the price of some products , corn mostly , due to recent mutinies in alexandria .
he s staring at a huge red t - bone steak surrounded by a wreath of potatoes , corn , bread and butter , broccoli , jelly , a couple pieces of carrots and celery .
hers was a prototypical small town , midwestern storybook life , complete with riding ponies and eating sweet corn at picnics after dips in the lake .
moreau brought blueberries and corn , both important additions to a diet that had been almost exclusively meat for the past months .
on the morning of day fourteen and counting before his land options came due , buck unenthusiastically dragged himself out of bed wearing a two - day - old beard to face a breakfast of soggy corn flakes , stale toast and warmed over coffee , when the phone rang .
the chronology went something like this : 1721 jolliet brings down one boat with some corn and fruit .
well , in 1725 it was mostly about the price of corn , dubois responded to my mumbling .
the last thing i wanted was a spicy louisiana meal , but i did take a couple ears of corn and three bottles of lemonade .
then she poured the corn into a small sack , and wrapped it again in a dishtowel .
after the meal , which consisted of the meat that the longhunter had in his game bag and some beans mixed with corn that he had fried in a little fat over the fire , they fell to talking , after cleaning up the remains of the meal and packing away their gear .
this is where joe took his corn to have it ground into corn meal .
he had brought his wagon along with some fried chicken , corn , green beans , and cornbread .
becky had baked a ham with green beans , mashed potatoes , and corn on the cob .
he threw some cracked corn to the chickens , but instead of watching the birds entertaining scramble for the treats as he normally might , he turned immediately and brought the eggs inside .
like corn , peas lose their sweet flavor very rapidly .
however , abozi just laughed at him , imitated his mannerisms satirically , and said that one corn cake did n't make a meal .
not only was the mill a place for the locals to get their corn and wheat ground in to cornmeal and flour , it became a favorite meeting place known simply as scarburg mill .
since the current war started , the mill was still operating ; however , most of the local corn and flour was being impressed for the southern cause .
i ve got a good hot pot of coffee brewing ; its roasted corn kernels , but it ll warm your innards .
a boatman on his way , with a barge full of corn , headed to the scarburg mill to get it ground in to cornmeal .
i waited a while and a pretty bargirl in a brilliant long blue dress brought me a glass of cold milk and a plate of steak , beans and corn to eat .
the cook put a plate in front of him , with a lump of spam , canned corn and peas .
one day , her blatant disrespect for my position as leonardos wife bothered me so much that without meaning to , i let it show when i handed a corn tortilla to my husband much too roughly .
it was a mixture of corn and fat from whatever game had been taken recently .
i went up with him several times before i went to college , and we ate well , although he tends to wild rice rather than corn .
so now claude has something to trade his wifes corn .
margaret served fried chicken , corn on the cob , mashed potatoes and gravy , green beans that she had canned during summertime , biscuits topped with apricot preserves , and apple pie for dessert .
as always , mrs . olson prepared a feast : roast ham topped with brown sugar and raisins , sweet potatoes , green beans , corn , rolls topped with butter and apricot , strawberry or rhubarb preserves , and apple pie for dessert .
rod pondered the advice as he finished his turkey , dressing , sweet potatoes , corn , and cranberry sauce .
hot corn !
get your hot corn !
she pointed at the hot corn vendor .
julia owen looked up from the corn she was grinding and pushed back a loose lock of dark hair .
marie watched them go , then forked up a bit of chicken , put a corn cake on her plate , and drenched it with honey .
instead , i gave this up for corn pone and buttermilk , beatings , imprisonment , and house - burnings .
miniature portions of toast , mashed potatoes , something that was supposed to be some kind of meat with gravy , and corn , all of which tasted like water .
there were cans of chicken noodle soup , corn , green beans , carrots , potatoes , and even a couple cans of chili .
` ` i love corn dogs , '' bunny said .
people came into the break room to fill their plates with the green bean casserole , corn , corn bread , rice and baked french fries .
it was dry , kind of bland and reminded him of cheap corn chips , minus the salt and with a hint of meat flavor .
the corpse he d dragged in to instill terror , and which has resulted in paul being called to the scene , ended up being nothing more than a mangled foam rubber dummy , the bullet wounds accented with corn syrup and ketchup .
aunt rose jumped out of her chair so fast she knocked over her bowl of corn flakes .
one of the two remaining hams sat in the middle , framed by bowls of mashed potatoes , green beans , and corn .
somehow , the canned corn and beans ended up tasting like they d just come out of a garden .
yesterday , when she passed the creamed corn , he distinctly said , thank you , momentarily raising his eyes and making a kind of brief eye contact .
she made a bowl of popcorn and put tape number one in the new vcr and sat on her comfy brown couch and gave ivy her piece of corn .
they d work for a handful of corn and a shiny dollar at christmas if i told them to .
george grabbed a large can of corn and threw it at the guard in the bloody doctors coat .
about twenty feet from the campfire he saw his dad 's pack of cigarettes , a plastic bottle of blood ( made out of corn syrup and red dye ) and a flashlight lying beside a stump .
they had better pull their head from the fermented corn juice they d been drinking and think again .
upon realizing that his entire stock of expensive drinking whiskey lay at the bottom , a stream of vile obscenities gushed forth and he turned to give her a sound thrashing for her insolence but a shovel seemed to come out of nowhere and hit him square on the forehead , sending him crashing to the bottom of the hole like a sack of wet corn .
the creature raised what appeared to be an ear of corn to its mouth and , with a ravenous appetite disposed of it outright .
you tryin to steal my corn missy .
sorry mom , she s one with the corn now .
pork chops with mash potatoes and corn on the cob was the usual sunday dinner .
not wanting to spoil his appetite for corn on the cob , strip steak , coleslaw and potato salad , ( his absolute favorites ) , he decided to munch on some pretzels and beer .
all she needed to complete the meal plan was a can of sweet corn .
she read the corn label and thought , why in the world do they label it sweet corn .
elliott was sprawled on the couch in the living room , her feet kicking at the air as she munched on a bowl of corn flakes .
that night i made katies favorite , english muffin pizzas , and after dinner we popped some corn in the microwave and watched a movie of her choosing .
rachel was supposed to be selling corn , but she was surrounded by clan wives as they laughed and probably gossiped .
saturday , they ate all his tomatoes and some of his corn .
in the filthy kitchen he found and opened a can of corn .
staring at the small brown plastic bottle of hydrogen peroxide , as he chewed and swallowed the cold corn , he felt uncertain what to do next .
opening the bottle of aspirin , he laid five white pills on the counter and used an unopened can of corn to smash them into powder .
he looked like the total all - american kid as he pedalled his twenty - six - inch schwinn with the ape - hanger handlebars up the residential suburban street , and that 's just what he was : todd bowden , thirteen years old , five - feet - eight and a healthy one hundred and forty pounds , hair the colour of ripe corn , blue eyes , white even teeth , lightly tanned skin marred by not even the first shadow of adolescent acne .
dussander 's outward calm had had its effect on him and now he worked silently , his head bent studiously over the card , like any american boy who has set out to do the best by god job he can , whether that job be planting corn , pitching a no - hitter in the little league world series , or forging grades on his report - card .
a kernel of corn popped - ponk !
he finished popping the corn , dumped it into a big plastic bowl , melted half a stick of margarine , poured it over the top , salted it , and said , ' let 's go in the living room and watch some tube .
there is a fishbowl full of candy corn inside the pub .
he was now on kurtz 's private corn channel .
in it are kernels of last night 's corn ( lamar clarendon believes passionately in the virtues of canned food when it comes to camp cooking ) and strings of last night 's fried chicken .
did wireman step on a corn there ? ''
some deep mental clock attached to her metabolism suggested it might be around three in the afternoon , eight hours since she 'd sat in the breakfast nook slurping up corn flakes , five since she 'd started off on this endless idiotic shortcut .
starting in july , there was picking as well as hoeing - peas and radishes first , then the lettuce and the tomatoes that had been started in the shed - boxes , then the corn and beans in august , more corn and beans in september , then the pumpkins and the squash .
` ` and since you got me going i wo n't hold you to it ... but the next time you sit down to a big plate of corn on the cob , spare me a thought . ''
the pot skidded off its burner and tipped over in midair , dousing guy from the waist down with what looked like corn , rice , and maybe two gallons of boiling water .
paul added four of the mini - snacks to the growing stash in his lap , plus single - serving boxes of corn flakes and wheaties .
brian slipped into his chair and poured milk on his corn flakes .
after his father left for work , brian dumped the soggy corn flakes into the garbage pail and then crept upstairs to his room .
we unpacked our newest treasures , ranging from more packs of condoms to cans of corn .
they ate in the breakfast nook and she ate four thick slices of the roast , two potatoes , and two helpings of the corn .
7 at quarter past ten , eva miller went down cellar to get two jars of corn to take to mrs norton who , according to mabel werts , was in bed .
she got her preserves , neatly labeled corn in her own careful blue script ( a slice of red pepper on the top of every one ) , and continued her inspection , even squeezing into the space behind the huge , multi - duct furnace .
reggie and bonnie sawyer are having a rib roast of beef , frozen corn , french - fried potatoes , and for dessert a chocolate bread pudding with hard sauce .
the light of an early summer afternoon as it slipped toward dark had so many good things wrapped up in it : baseball at the little league park , where fred had always played third and batted clean - up ; watermelon ; first corn ; iced tea in chilled glasses ; childhood .
that 's what there is , along with some corn and a big bowl of slaw .
she screamed and the force of her cry seemed to break the room apart , to let in darkness , and she was mother abagail again one hundred and eight years old , too old , my lord , too old ( but let thy will be done ) , and she was walking in the corn , the mystic corn that was rooted shallow in the earth but wide , lost in the corn that was silver with moonglow and black with shadow ; she could hear the summer nightwind rustling gently through it , she could smell its growing , wholly alive smell as she had smelled it all her long , long life ( and she had thought many times that this was the plant closest to all life , the corn , and its smell was the smell of life itself , the start of life , oh she had married and buried three husbands , david trotts , henry hardesty , and nate brooks , and she had had three men in bed , had welcomed them as a woman must welcome a man , by giving way before him , and there had always been the yearning pleasure , the thought oh my god how i love to be sexy with my man and how i love him to be sexy with me when he gets me what he gets me what he shoots in me and sometimes at the instant of her climax she would think of the corn , the bland corn with its roots planted not deep but wide , she would think of flesh and then the corn , when it was all over and her husband lay beside her the sex smell would be in the room , the smell of the spunk the man had shot into her , the smell of the juices she made to smooth his way , and it was a smell like husked corn , mild and sweet , a goodish smell ) .
she screamed and the force of her cry seemed to break the room apart , to let in darkness , and she was mother abagail again one hundred and eight years old , too old , my lord , too old ( but let thy will be done ) , and she was walking in the corn , the mystic corn that was rooted shallow in the earth but wide , lost in the corn that was silver with moonglow and black with shadow ; she could hear the summer nightwind rustling gently through it , she could smell its growing , wholly alive smell as she had smelled it all her long , long life ( and she had thought many times that this was the plant closest to all life , the corn , and its smell was the smell of life itself , the start of life , oh she had married and buried three husbands , david trotts , henry hardesty , and nate brooks , and she had had three men in bed , had welcomed them as a woman must welcome a man , by giving way before him , and there had always been the yearning pleasure , the thought oh my god how i love to be sexy with my man and how i love him to be sexy with me when he gets me what he gets me what he shoots in me and sometimes at the instant of her climax she would think of the corn , the bland corn with its roots planted not deep but wide , she would think of flesh and then the corn , when it was all over and her husband lay beside her the sex smell would be in the room , the smell of the spunk the man had shot into her , the smell of the juices she made to smooth his way , and it was a smell like husked corn , mild and sweet , a goodish smell ) .
his voice came on the sea - breeze with perfect clarity , as did the mouthwatering smell of hot food - roast corn as well as meat this time .
she walked downtown to the market , got some ground meat and two ears of fresh corn for her dinner , and spoke pleasantly with madge tilletts at the checkout counter and dave rutledge , who was sitting in his accustomed place at the front of the store , caning a chair slowly with his old , bunched , and arthritic hands .
halleck had put away his usual lumberjack 's meal -three hamburgers ( with buns and fixin 's ) , four ears of corn ( with butter ) , half a pint of french fries , and two helpings of peach cobbler with hard sauce .
he picks up some of those dr scholl 's corn pads and he 's taking them to the cash register when the high - bloodpressure machine catches his eye .
at a long trestle table there were at least four dozen people , passing platters of corn on the cob and dishes of home - baked beans - pea beans , soldier beans , red kidney beans .
salty chicken and dumplings , a puffy corn casserole , greenbeans with mushrooms and crunchy onions on top , cornbread , and for dessert a peach cobbler that makes her want to run her finger across the plate to get every last bit of it .
tom was so tall he merely walked up to the tank and picked the corn off the supports with little effort on his part .
with rubber bands , i affixed corn kernels to the wire .
first , i was required to tie the corn onto the wire with rubber bands and demonstrate to my dad , grandparents , and anyone else coming around , how well i had trained tom .
one year , my pa lost some good corn from wind damage .
everyone knew that they all were nt washed so the broasted corn sales fell to zero .
i got some damaged corn free .
he has the looks of someone who enjoys eating corn on the cob and collecting matchbooks , someone you can trust .
corn on a stick , no need to burn your fingers while enjoying delicious corn and my personal favorite , which i just know you ll enjoy .
and hiram , or the colonel as he preferred , who d never seen a sober day since he washed out of boot camp in 1925 , reeking as usual of corn whisky and unearned perspiration .
open up a can of corn , too , will you ?
how am i supposed to raise my corn if i m not there ?
i had poured myself a glass of pinot grigio and was making my own kettle corn .
the sugar , just at the point of turning amber , was perfect , and i poured it over the corn , glazing and separating the pieces in hungry anticipation .
i hung up and sat down on a seat that was my own until a man who smelled a bit like corn chips sat beside me .
i ended up ordering the baked - ham dinner , which the menu described as a thick slice of fresh , country ham , mashed potatoes and corn .
i d always hated creamed corn , mainly because i thought it looked like throw - up .
` ` i ' m familiar with the adage , yes , '' i replied , removing a half ear of corn from inside my shirt .
nobody at the american institute of corn porn ( pornography made entirely from corn -- for when the ethanol subsidies end !
think creamed corn -- and cobs ! )
for example , he d sit quietly by the fire smoking his pipe for hours on end and then he d suddenly look up and see me a - playing with my corn dollies and say , my dear little pammy , just remember my love , better off at sea in a broken - masted crabber than ever owl - blasted like nathan trewatha .
bombay mix bombay mix noun the generic name used for a traditional indian snack consisting of a variable mixture of spicy dried ingredients , which may include fried lentils , peanuts , chickpea flour noodles , corn , vegetable oil , chickpeas , flaked rice , fried onion and curry leaves .
however , i must admit i had a penchant for corn flakes and liverwurst .
bits of chicken , corn , and mashed potatoes glided together on the ground creating a big mess of mush .
bomber waved a bigger one back at him , his corn chip buckling under the weight .
add taco seasoning , corn , kidney beans , diced tomatoes , tomato sauce , and jalapeno peppers .
at the station next to him , shorty emptied his pockets of coins , three packages of crackers and cheese and a sack of candy corn , and walked through the arch .
they had nearly finished the bag of candy corn when the pilots voice crackled over the intercom .
cracked corn and other seeds bounced across the plywood floor , a few bounced hard enough to hit charles in the face .
the seeds resemble large black pepper corns , but black pepper they are not .
stonewall does n't have a restaurant for breakfast , so we hit the tiny country store for gasoline , cakes , cookies , candy , chocolate milk , coke , coffee , and potato and corn chips .
ground up white corn , butter , and shrimp , all mushed together .
jinny got up from the table , went to the counter , ordered himself another plate of corn oil and garlic sauted potatoes , and another czech beer , and brought them back to the table .
the good people are not ignorant of this adulteration ; but they prefer it to wholesome bread , because it is whiter than the meal of corn [ wheat ] .
the little ones took turns popping corn .
fifty shekels for a little bag of exploded corn and a cracked amphora of fermented goat 's milk !
old - money gazabians have no need of genders ; they procreate by filling water balloons with corn syrup and passing them around at charity balls .
he started with the corn chowder , cooked with potatoes that were also local .
i do nt know how they made corn chowder taste so good .
i wo nt be able to eat corn on the cob , popcorn , sticky candy or chew bubble gum .
nobody at the american institute of corn porn ( ` ` pornography made entirely from corn -- for when the ethanol subsidies end !
think creamed corn -- and cobs ! '' )
he gave me homestyle mashed with twisters on the side , not to mention buttered corn and whipped - cream chess pie .
asked the tomato , sitting at the kitchen table with jed , martha , and red , shucking corn for dinner .
mind you , he did not find it funny when i had picked up my baby sweet corn from my main course and ate it just as if you would with a normal sized one for a laugh .
she turned at the door and said , do n't be late for lunch , mother , we ' ve got your favorite corn chowder .
mercy smiled and winked , i 'll add an extra can of corn and some more milk .
them in town got to get their corn and thangs from the store and they all in cans and when you open em up its like they forgot to put the flavor in .
she imagined the large leafed vines dancing around the garden like the designs that framed the mirrors of the oak dressers her father built and carved , and she planned how she would plant the corn stalks and then arrange the tomatoes around them so the tomato vines could climb the corn stalks .
he was a thin man of average height with blonde hair under a cap with an ear of corn pictured on it .
an ocean of corn , she laughed .
burdell comes over with his team on the gravity box , as if on cue , and the two of them start down the row , the picker spitting , spilling the ears of corn into the box as burdell walks his patient team up close to the clacking monster of the picker and keeps them at it .
two hogs got some of his corn each morning and the rest went to the chickens , most of it thrown out into the yard where they would soon go .
he threw more corn on the dirt of the chicken pen for the laying hens before collecting the eggs .
joe was relieved when thomas wife came in to invite them to file singly through the myriad rooms to the kitchen where she served corn and bean soup with bread and an herb that tasted like a mint and a hot pepper .
they ate turkey legs and munched on kettle corn while they walked and then , feeling lighthearted , rode one of those whirligig things that only children should have anything to do with .
hamburger patties , potatoes and corn .
then we all sit down to a meal of roasted chicken , mashed potatoes , gravy , carrots , corn , and , of course , bread .
this one says corn really depletes the nutrients .
we color pictures and play a board game , and that evening when we sit down to a meal of mashed potatoes and canned corn , we go around the table to share what were grateful for .
lex shifts his knees and feels a small satisfaction as he realizes that the blood , which has begun leaking through his skin , has glued pieces of the dried corn to his flesh .
the illinois that budda saw now was nt at all forbidden - looking , unless a guy was allergic to corn or other grain crops .
about how he sat there in the woods , blood pooling and pooling all thick like corn syrup , and all he ever thought about was her and how sorry he was and how could he ever have been so careless ?
so the afternoon passes , until by 4:00 there are dozens of loaves of fresh warm bread , big bowls of potato salad , big platters of fried chicken and sweet corn , a bit of tomato and lettuce salad , two trays of carrot sticks , scallions , pimento - stuffed green olives and cubes of a very mild cheddar cheese garnished with fancy toothpicks , all the makings of a gala home - cooked dinner .
` ` this is our favorite vegetable , frozen sweet corn . ''
the other two women accept the offered corn .
` ` anybody want some corn ? ''
charlie asks , and picks up the serving bowl with the corn .
she puts a little more corn on her plate and hands the bowl on to shelley .
` ` frozen sweet corn .
he puts salt on the corn and turns to eating his dinner .
` ` yes , it does , '' doug agrees , inhaling the fried corn and salsa smell as his mexican plate is set down .
i think you re right about the corn .
when thomas finally got around to waking up , he and julia drove to the store to pick up the creamed corn and peas that hannah had forgotten the day before , having been preoccupied while she was shopping .
plates filled up with mashed potatoes , cranberry sauce , creamed corn , and yams , and when hannah emerged from the hallway the conversation turned to david .
that 's the thing with death row prisoners ... just like momma used to bake , he requested a last meal of fried shrimp , baked potato , salad , boiled corn , cheesecake and a cherry soda ... -a cherry soda from the parlour , sir ?
now , deborah , my father began , reaching for his creamed corn .
she laughed too , and my dad slugged me on the arm while passing the corn .
through it , she saw broccoli spears , an ear of corn , seasoned potatoes , and a cut of dark meat that she knew must be steak .
no one had noticed elaine leave , but she returned with a bag of frozen corn .
would you go down in the basement for me and get some corn and a couple of pounds of hamburger out of the freezer ?
josh knew better than to get into another session about menus , or that proper chili does nt have corn in it , so he agreed .
` ` besides , '' she added , tossing the corn to the ground , ` ` do n't you want to go to the fort one more time ?
` ` for knocking down ray 's corn .
calves being born , grain bins plump , another helping of garden mashed potatoes and sweet corn - this judd wanted for his own .
grimly he walked back to his own lines a rifle shot away ; past the bodies of the crusaders , past the bodies of men mown down like ripe corn ; through the devastation and destruction he walked , a survivor of a massacre .
were parked at the kitchen table with fried chicken , corn , mashed potatoes , green beans , and cornbread muffins .
well , whoever it is , i hope he s hungry , i say , reaching into the back of the cupboard for the can of libbys corn beef hash that blake left behind .
i knew i wanted a dinner with mashed potatoes and corn in it .
i helped make the corn dish and apple pie .
i might make some loaves i make bread with a can of creamed corn , enough flour to make dough , and then a small handful of caraway seeds .
a farm that yielded corn and cabbage til he d sold the land off given the fishing industrys first crash .
jamie and betty allen went to the west high football game , and afterwards planned to attend the senior corn roast , where peter greeley would join them .
succotash was nt that lima or shell beans cooked together with corn in a sweet broth ?
before people all genetically modified food was internationally outlawed including the monsanto corporation , seths dad was the cornking and he made a fortune killing bee populations and feeding people shit gmo corn .
as she handed out plates of spicy chicken chow mein with fresh greens , carrots , corn , bok choy , and bird peppers , she was careful not to stain her new frock .
they ate a simple meal of corn and biscuits , but talked little .
how you going to harvest your corn ?
i stole your corn .
so now , i just need to ask you to forgive me for stealing your corn .
a young woman sold kettle corn from a cart .
the hardwood floor was littered with pop corn , the nonstop calliope music deafening .
bowtie macaroni , sweet potato , peas , carrots , corn , sliced apples , chicken livers and ground turkey .
she tossed the meat and caramelized apples into a large bowl then mixed the steamy food with a can of sweet peas and corn .
the waves splashed on the giant rocks below jo and rico as they sat on the concrete promenade stretched along the length of roxas boulevard , eating peanuts and grilled corn on the cob .
he was supposed to go to the granary across the river all day today and sell his corn from last fall .
it looks like your uncle sold his corn today .
he handed the guard a fresh bag of corn , complete with spittle from a dozen or so other prisoners and more salt than any one man should eat .
i m tom robinson when i m not making cooked corn for everyone .
occasionally they caught shrimp , crab , or crawfish , and his mother would prepare them in a boil with cayenne pepper , potatoes , and corn on the cobs , a recipe she learned from her cajun neighbors .
they had mashed potatoes , corn , and roast beef .
james noticed dinner was the same as it was before his father left , corn , mashed potatoes , and roast beef .
this time , the corn was on the cob and when james ate it , he thought about how it did not just taste like the corn , it tasted like the pepper he sprinkled on it , like the butter he rolled it in .
this time , the corn was on the cob and when james ate it , he thought about how it did not just taste like the corn , it tasted like the pepper he sprinkled on it , like the butter he rolled it in .
it was one of the only things he ate , well , besides corn chips , and now , according to his first grade teacher , starburst candies .
ill get you some corn chips , the doughnut shop sells them , she pleaded with tommy , not liking the desperate tone of her voice .
hell just have a bag of corn chips , said willow , as she rummaged around in her wallet for enough cash .
her meals rarely changed : a bowl of corn flakes for breakfast , with coffee , then one slice of bread with tea - sausage for lunch , then a bowl of canned cream of mushroom soup for dinner , with coffee .
flying like corn flakes in a blender .
a red - haired round - faced woman gave mclean her change offering a plastic bag for the corn .
summer had pulled a chicken out of the freezer for supper , made dumplings for her world famous chicken and dumpling casserole , added salad and corn on the cob .
i picked through candles shaped like skulls , candy corn , pumpkins , black cats , and ghosts .
my wife is making my favorite , roast beef , mashed potatoes and gravy and corn on the cob .
i could taste it on your corn fritters .
sam ripped open the bag of corn chips , took one and scooped up guacamole with it .
bending over , i tried to dislodge my foot , willing my corn dogs to stay put in my stomach .
` ` corn bread ? ''
` ` yeah , i got corn bread . ''
he brought me a plastic spoon to eat corn and meatloaf .
kelsy had known shannon from when they both hoed corn that summer at jakes farm , and she told us a mutual friend had texted her about shannons suicide .
an hour later , delaney reached into the oven and pulled the tray of cornbread from the oven , the sweet scent of corn billowing in a hot cloud around her face .
using the cornmeal ashley ground for her from her garden corn , she made the bread once or twice a week .
it was full of canned goods , mostly creamed corn and chicken noodle soup .
` ` not while we still have that corn salad and those rolls , '' frannie scooped another helping of the corn and snagged a roll as the basket passed .
on still another occasion , they polished off a dozen ears of sweet corn soaking in a bucket , leaving only the husks .
i had marinated pork chops for last night and a little extra surpriseearly sweet corn .
smote came out carrying hot corn on the cob and placed it on the plastic white and red check covering of the table .
stagmatter does nt have many friends , for sure , agreed tench , with a smile , as he picked an ear of corn .
jason took a spoon and carefully tapped on the crust that had formed on his corn chowder .
the corn was wrapped in silver foil and the scent was heavenly .
when i woke up , the last of the apples and corn had been eaten and half the day was gone .
i replenished the apples and corn from a well - stocked barret in the corner , closed up , and trudged back to get ready for chesters funeral .
ten minutes later we sat down to fried chicken , canned creamed corn , and mashed potatoes .
i wo nt be around much tonight , i said , spooning creamed corn onto my potatoes .
i lifted the upper part of the corn bun when she had her back turned , making tea out of some weed that someone decided was a herb .
i mixed canned corn and canned tuna onto a plate , and handed phil half .
then a small flash of light , no bigger than a corn kernel , exploded and then refracted in an instant .
instead she improvised a main - dish saladblack beans , corn , tomatoes , rice , sweet onion , romaine , and avocado in chili - lime vinaigrette .
* * * monday morning , i fixed a bowl of corn flakes , and while i ate , i made a list of people who might , for whatever reason , be waging a hate campaign against foxdale .
that night , the men showed up with fast food chicken , coleslaw , corn on the cob , macaroni and cheese , biscuits and orange juice to ensure everyones good health .
titles in the nathan hale parker series : death comes in the morning , published 2011 dying at a premium , will publish in early 2012 scheduled to die , will publish in late 2012 learn more : www.nathanhaleparker.com contact the author : nathanhaleparker @ gmail.com he looked like the total all - american kid as he pedalled his twenty - six - inch schwinn with the ape - hanger handlebars up the residential suburban street , and that 's just what he was : todd bowden , thirteen years old , five - feet - eight and a healthy one hundred and forty pounds , hair the colour of ripe corn , blue eyes , white even teeth , lightly tanned skin marred by not even the first shadow of adolescent acne .
she was holding the bobcat guy like an ear of corn , her claw driven through his skull , pinning his jaw shut .
jack was working late again , so when they got home , grace quickly made max and emma dinner - veggie chicken nuggets ( purportedly healthier and , once dipped in ketchup , the kids can never tell the difference ) , tater tots , and jolly green giant frozen corn .
lord introduced akilina to fried chicken , mashed potatoes , corn on the cob , and iced tea .
his staff must have evacuated for this college party , not wanting to be swept up in a hurricane of puke and candy corn .
i gape , an image of a chubby kid 's corpse popping in my head , his cheeks stuffed with candy corn .
` ` i never liked that barbara , '' she confided in me as she put corn flakes up onto the belt .
i do n't like the way you saunter down the school halls like you own the place , and i really do n't like the way you throw corn kernels at the band table every day .
we fired up the grill and had a lovely domestic moment grilling burgers and corn on the cob together .
it 's guy 's middle name , '' raven says , and shoves a fist full of corn chips in her mouth .
sure enough , it was full of some thick , viscous red fluid that i suspected was more like dyed corn syrup than blood .
this usually meant having to conjure a mealtime miracle with only an orange , two eggs , a tin of creamed corn and a packet of chicken noodle soup from nineteen - ninety - four .
a smaller bowl of corn and a basket of rolls follow .
she takes a bite of my corn and then my roll , finally washing the food down with her tea .
` ` it would be fun because i would be able to hold in all that candy corn i ate , '' i say innocently .
at the table , ella 's dad , lila , and ethan are sitting quietly around bowls and plates full of corn , stuffing , chicken , peas .
` ` fuck that , give me the corn nuts . ''
there were bowls full of mashed potatoes , creamed corn and green beans with bacon .
i shat pieces of corn this morning older than you . ''
buttered or kettle corn ? ''
the answer is kettle corn . ''
will ferrell is a comedic genius , and the fact that you have recognized this cosmic truth means the kettle corn is on me too . ''
he carried his corn flakes to the table .
when mom and dad were off work , we all headed over there and had a family meal that consisted of breaded and fried pork cutlets , fried potatoes and corn fried in butter , all of these prepared in mom 's three ever - present cast iron skillets .
` ` do n't know the bitch and do n't wan na know a bitch who puts out bowls of peanuts , no honey roast , no salt , just motherfuckin ' peanuts with the motherfuckin ' skins still on them and some corn chips for a party and then she gives me a sliver of cake .
there was a bag of unopened sweet corn in the freezer .
` ` it 's probably a hoax , '' vince said , trying to ease his fear but it was n't working and worse , penny herself appeared from the living room , munching on one of her repulsive ice cream , corn chip , and mustard concoctions that she swore was delicious .
dylan asked her as she ducked into the pantry for a box of corn flakes .
kind of like jackson ... sighing , mia pushed all thoughts of her clients ' sexy neighbor from her head and focused on grabbing a box of corn flakes from the cupboard .
well , nolan was popping about twenty pounds of corn when i left , and fin was breaking out the sodas and chocolate bars .
they bought thick steaks , corn on the cob , two baking potatoes , chili beans , and sodas .
they packed a small ice chest with sodas , the steaks , corn , and potatoes .
when the coals were ready , mandy put the foil wrapped potatoes and the corn to roast on the edge of the grill ; later , buddy began grilling the steaks .
i doubt a bit of corn will cover all my debts .
i noticed there was a couple making out on the couch , but i figured i would nt disturb them if i slipped in there and popped some corn real quickly .
the head chefs voice beckoned me back to the counter where the steaming portions of fried chicken , grits , corn on the cob , and greens sat waiting for a hand to carry them to the customers .
during the day they were hastily fed a noonday meal consisting of corn pone with water before being prodded back to the fields under the vigilant eyes of the mounted overseer brandishing his ever present whip .
to him , it meant ribs slathered in sauce , pork with beans , grilled corn , and various kinds of mayonnaise - based salads .
oh , yeah , i ca nt wait for some corn chowder .
i like the corn chowder .
we can throw on some corn on the cob and baked potatoes for dinner .
you missed the dance , and you would never dance again or eat candy corn and black jelly beans .
i m not a movie star , rae said , sitting down on an unopened box of canned sweet corn , and i can feel the house calling to me , please tell me about the marys and then point me in the right direction so i can make an effort to own it because honestly , i ve been wishing for something extraordinary to happen in my life .
he was seventeen going on hulk hogan , which seemed impossible since our last meal consisted of two cans of creamed corn that we shared .
we ate roasted chicken , roasted potatoes and canned corn .
an empty ice cream carton , grape stems , and a lone chunk of cheese lay amid assorted bags and boxes of chips , crackers and a bowl with a few unpopped kernels of corn .
he cracked his head on hardpan and popped around like corn in a hot skillet , useless to do anything but endure the riot underneath .
dustin brought the first course of crusted bay scallops and corn soup with crab .
my daddy was throwing rocks at his car and breaking his windows , granma lucy mae and granma betty lou were sitting on the sofa on the staring out my folks big ol picture window at the show , eating their caramel corn , granpa was stuffing his face with niggertoes ( alright i said it , i m bad , ill just go to the place where bad people go ) , and mama was screaming at the door that somebody spilled her liquor , and uncle willie , with this gleeful look on his face , was blowing away at his bagpipes like he piping the boys up the hill for one last shot at those english sons - of - bitches , and all the time i m screaming at poor abe , get outta here .
if i m lucky , dan will share his corn chips with me , but that s as far as it goes .
an hour later , they were all sitting down to chicken , broccoli , creamed corn , and homemade biscuits .
amidst greetings and hugs , mae made them a full english breakfast consisting of eggs , sausage , black pudding , and corn bread as the boys ate heartily .
dads making his famous corn fritters .
we stumbled indoors and fiona cobbled a sweet corn omelette together for the collective kids present while nickie found cotton wool , bathed her chin and realised she needed stitches .
the store where she picked up the last of the things she thought she needed for college had novelty unicorns , that apparently farted candy corn , sitting on the counter .
noah laughed and nearly choked on a bite of bean , cheese , and blue corn shell .
she dunked a piece of corn bread into her chili , imagining a car full of kids , tussling and laughing their way up the mountain with a mom and a dad together in the front seat .
nate ordered a rack of ribs with coleslaw and a little corn on the cob .
jenny was testing bubblegum flavored toothpaste that had the consistency and sugar content of corn syrup .
once it was a tree remarkably taller than the others , once a sack of corn flour on the bottom shelf in panda , another time a new lamborghini , but usually the floor is the safest and most convenient destination for the eyes when he they are not wanted .
i thought i d pair it with a cheesy rice corn mixture .
ezra shrugged and silently helped her finish lining up the lemon - pastries , chocolate croissants , bran and corn muffins , as well as everything else the customers today had rejected .
why did the manager insist they bake corn muffins ?
she had piled potato salad , corn on the cob , baked beans , ribs and chicken on her plate .
cheyenne asked maggie before biting into her corn on the cob .
sarah ordered filet minot with spicy potato wedges and corn on the cob while jeremy order barbecue chicken breasts , a slab of baby back ribs , a stuffed loaded baked potato and coleslaw .
the instant i felt the corn around me , i also picked up the signatures of twenty uniques , who were nt with our group .
joel apparently had been working on shucking corn all day with his frat buddies .
` ` all right ... ... sweet holy shitstickers , it tastes like you 're washing down a bite of corn with a pint of lighter fluid . ''
and she 'd even made dinner again - black - bean soup , corn bread and a salad .
` ` or hamburgers and corn . ''
shuck the corn .
` ` if you 'd just bring him some cracked corn like i do , he would n't chase after you , '' george said , not even attempting to hide his amusement .
frowning , she grabbed the tip again to hold it steady while she nibbled along the side as if on an ear of corn .
she no longer nibbled on him like he was an ear of corn ; she - helen stopped suddenly and raised her head to peer at him .
` ` two dialects , '' troy said around a mouthful of corn chips .
instead ellen said , ` ` chili and corn bread . ''
next came chilaquites , which seemed to be some kind of tortilla casserole , followed by corn tamales , chili rellenos and another dish lillie did n't hear the name of .
` ` meat loaf , mashed potatoes , corn on the cob and a fresh salad . ''
` ` meat loaf , mashed potatoes , corn . ''
she watched the corn chip until it was no more and was tempted to light another one , but instead she carefully monitored the little fire and let it die down before she fed it another small stick .
an ear of corn had no need for a cell phone , whereas her ear definitely did .
within minutes , they 'd covered it with food -- a bowl of pasta salad , ears of corn wrapped in tinfoil , and a loaf of homemade garlic bread .
i 'll make my famous kettle corn to help us through the boring slide shows your dad will show .
julia laughed as she shucked corn for dinner .
julia waved a cob of corn in the direction of the stairs .
he took the corn out of her hand and set it aside before clasping her hands in his .
smitty was shoveling creamed corn into his mouth at an alarming rate , talking at the same time about the rifle range .
she 's not a little deer who is going to come running just because i toss some corn down . ''
` ` do these deer throw the corn right back in your face as my darling sister tosses any of my offers of assistance ? ''
abby simply gave him more corn and said , ` ` who are you trying to convince , me or you ? ''
mostly peanut butter , but also clearly some corn .
lara scooped up a forkful of canned corn and held it above her plate , moving her mouth to it and bowing her head toward her lap as she took the bite from the fork - a quiet eater .
candlelight flickered above the battenberg lace cloth , casting slippery shadows on the sterling silver dishes that held all of natalie 's favorite dishes : homemade macaroni and cheese , hot crescent rolls with honey and butter , and corn on the cob .
the aroma of the steaming fritters reminded her that she had n't had any supper , and she made her way after jemmy to the table of food , where lizzie , in her role as almost - daughter - of - the - house , helped her importantly to sauerkraut , sausages , smoked eggs , and something involving corn and squash .
or chanting , at least , the words to a very bawdy scottish song , about a miller who is pestered by a young woman wanting him to grind her corn .
` ` he flung her down upon the sacks , and there she got her corn ground , her corn ground ... ... '' roger was chanting hotly in her ear , his full weight pinning her to the ground and the stars spinning madly far above .
the goat was still getting room service , though , in the form of kitchen scraps and a little cracked corn .
before i could react , it had seized a fragment of corn muffin and darted off , so quickly that i could scarcely believe i 'd seen it , save for the racing of my heart .
i let the remark trail off , bending over the rail to pour corn and scraps into the wooden feed trough .
several clusters of dried maize hung above him , festively colored by comparison with the sacks of grain sold in edinburgh - and yet corn nonetheless .
blackravenblackhairshiningbreastbudsthighssoroundohyesohyesohemily ... she set a warm bowl in his hand , and the rich aroma of rabbit and corn and onion rose up into his nose .
at that , he 'd heard no complaint ; the water was clean , the biscuit was not moldy , and if the allowance of ` ` corn '' was not generous , neither was it niggardly .
still more heartening , lizzie had been downstairs when she returned to the inn toward sunset , being cosseted by the landlady and fed morsels of corn pudding and chicken fricassee .
we scrape hides , we dry the meat and the corn , we press the oil from sunflowers and put it in jars ; we take heed for the next season - always .
and i had the corn ; it would ha ' brought six shillings , easy . ''
it 's all i can do to stop kenny a - puttin ' it on his corn bread and porridge of a mornin ' . ''
casting a bleary eye over the assorted crumbs and dirty crockery , it appeared to me that himself and his companions had probably accounted for at least two dozen corn muffins and an entire loaf of salt - rising bread , accompanied by a pound or so of fresh butter , a jar of honey , a bowl of raisins , and all of the first milking .
jamie choked on a bite of corn dodger .
i sat frozen for a moment , until heat from the fresh corn dodger i was holding seeped through the cloth round it and burned my fingers .
` ` and the haggis to follow , wi ' cullen skink , and a bit o ' corn crowdie ... and a great raisin tart wi ' jam and clotted cream for sweeties ! ''
the keg was half - filled with decaying corn , the resultant murky liquid rimmed with floating islands of blue mold .
` ` nice pig , '' roger said politely , waiting while kenny poured cracked corn into the trough for the sow , a big mottled creature with one ragged ear and a nasty look in her eye .
focusing on keeping my tone casual and unaffected i replied , ` ` yep , we had boiled shrimp , corn on the cob and salad .
there were mashed potatoes , peas , corn and gravy to go along with not one , but two roasts of beef .
i have some chicken salad in the fridge , corn on the cob and black - eyed peas , and biscuits on the stove , keeping them warm .
he shoved a three - dimensional paper jack - o - lantern out of the way and grabbed a handful of candy corn out of the dish .
appetizers included curried corn - crab cakes , sesame shrimp with a miso dipping sauce , and skewered spiced pork and red pepper with a spicy mango sauce .
when she turned back to face him , he was sitting at the wooden table in the sunny breakfast nook and shaking a huge amount of corn flakes into his bowl and when he realised that she was watching him , he lifted the box enquiringly .
she 's making the corn casserole and pumpkin pie for tomorrow . ''
her dad would dig a hole and fill it with hot coals to cook corn ; hot dogs would be turned on the grill , and rose would put out a huge bowl of potato salad and deviled eggs to die for .
i took the foil off the plate and the smell from the meatloaf and corn hit me .
after they 'd placed their order for swordfish with cachupa - a mixture of corn and beans - mari leaned back in her chair , appearing far more relaxed than the woman who 'd taken refuge in his suite the night before .
they took all of us to navy pier one day , and we stuffed ourselves with corn dogs and cotton candy and rode all the rides . ''