i was going to be without her for two weeks while she travelled outside the country for a eight night show .
apparently we 'll get a good view of the country club 's annual fireworks display just down the river .
dharr hokum qudama the third , sheik of ashir , the most powerful middle eastern country with oil reserves beyond the imagination , found himself at a loss for the first time in his life as the stunningly beautiful woman in front of him slowly started falling to the earth .
i ' ve heard that some parts of the country are pretty dangerous . ''
and a king to one of the wealthiest countries in the world with oil reserves so deep and vast that they were as yet untapped in some cases .
she admired him for what he 'd done with his country and how he treated two , small , orphaned children .
` ` he 's mentioned traveling to several countries lately , but he told me he 's originally from duban . ''
it seemed strange that the man she 'd laughed with and made love to throughout all hours of the night , who was the secret father of her children was actually ruler of one of the wealthiest countries in the world .
he might be a rat in the romance department , but these little guys represented the future of his country .
he was nothing but the father to her sons and if she wanted to keep her children here with her , and not in some foreign country , she had to be firm .
they 'll need to come back to duban and learn to rule the country .
she knew others in his country would need a dna test to prove paternity , but malik had just accepted her word .
she asked , not wanting to hear the answer , wishing he could just stay here with them , never going back to the country that had taken him away from her before .
he knew now that he should have done things differently in the past , not given in to his father 's pressure and found a better way to solve the problems of the country rather than marry his ex - wife .
he 'd led their country out of a potentially violent civil war with very little bloodshed , had united their tribes and had demonstrated that , through his leadership , their country could be a powerhouse in the world .
he 'd led their country out of a potentially violent civil war with very little bloodshed , had united their tribes and had demonstrated that , through his leadership , their country could be a powerhouse in the world .
i went home that weekend and was told about an uprising in the north of my country .
i was cornered and it took me all this time to work a solution for the tribes in the northern area of the country to get along without the marriage .
he was nice , normal and did n't rule a powerful country .
however tired she was at the end of each day just trying to get a party together , he was probably pretty wiped out after having to deal with the problems of an entire country .
he was ruler of one of the wealthiest countries in the world and this tiny little female , the one he 'd walked home to protect from mean little bullies , was offering to lend him money to get out of the bad state of affairs she thought he might be facing .
` ` i ' ve been mostly out of the country , '' he replied evasively .
his adopted country had been through a lot and he 'd worked hard over the past sixteen years to get it back to health .
not the head honcho of the whole , darn country !
she was in his blood and he needed to figure out how to get her back to tusain , into his bed and safe in his mind so he could get on with the business of his country .
perhaps zayn would simply head back to his country and let her carry on raising max herself .
all i understand is that we have a son together and i ' m in a foreign country .
` ` ella , i ' m in charge of the whole country .
king what '' s - his - name was only a face in a far away country .
` ` just to be clear , you want me to quit my job that i just started a few weeks ago , move to a strange country into an apartment i don '' t own and be at your beck and call for whenever you deign to visit me .
he couldn '' t be a king , and definitely not the king of one of the wealthiest countries in the arab world !
i '' ve never been to this beautiful country and , it doesn '' t appear that i '' m needed here . ''
as the future queen , i '' d like to see what the country is like . ''
her appearance was known all over the country now and she '' d easily be recognized .
she was still in a foreign country where she didn '' t speak the language , she had very little cash , but thankfully still had her passport with her .
the furniture was dark and heavy , very masculine but it fit the man who ruled this oil rich , powerful country .
no , that one would have to remain a secret since it might get her fired from her current role and probably tossed out of the country .
number one is the fact that your country 's wealth is resting on the oil underneath your ground and that 's a fossil fuel that is changing the whole weather pattern of the earth and i 'd much rather drive an electric vehicle than damage the environment any longer ... '' she knew she was n't getting through to him and her voice slowly faltered to an awkward halt .
okay , so he ran a country .
literally ran a country .
now that she sat in on meetings with him , she understood both the power he wielded as well as the enormous responsibility he had for his people and this country .
while other kids are learning their alphabet , we 're learning to defend our country . ''
he ruled a country while she was a lowly secretary with no family and no ties to anyone who could help him .
with a sigh , she looked up at the ceiling and thought about the small things she needed to pack before heading out of the country .
trying to execute the queen was a very bad thing to do in hassan 's country .
we have details to go over and i ' m not going to chase you all over the country in order to do that . ''
could that person have convinced him that he should support upgrading the country 's educational system and schools ?
he definitely would n't want her who had run away at the first sign of frustration and lived out her life in a foreign country , seeming to reject everything that she 'd been brought up to believe in .
being the crown prince to one of the wealthiest countries in the world gave him enormous power , no matter where he was in the world .
basir was one of the richest countries in the world because of its oil and industries .
` ` are n't you ruling a country or something like that ? ''
` ` i have a great staff who continue to find other useful people to help run the country .
he was one of the wealthiest men in the world who ruled one of the most powerful oil producing countries .
what if he made her leave the country immediately never to see kalil again ?
the marriage of a royal prince of basir is a very special event and the whole country is getting ready to celebrate .
malik had resisted the idea , preferring to concentrate on keeping the country growing .
his country had grown in education , economics , technology , innovation and tourism under his rule and he intended to expand that growth even further in the future .
he had enough money stored up for several lifetimes but there was just something about investing , in drawing conclusions about where a company or even a country or commodity was going to go .
if he flew off to some other country , or even another state , there was no way she could track him .
` ` that would be true in other parts of the country perhaps .
brianna was missing , nikki could n't reach rachel , she and her new husband were still out of the country doing something wonderful , and the only link nikki had to brianna was an e - mail she 'd received just recently .
i believe that is considered breaking and entering in your country .
and in the midst of all of this , you somehow not only sneak into my country , but you also manage to slip by the guards at the gate , the motion sensors on the walls , the guards in the monitoring room that are supposed to be alert enough to see anything that even approaches the palace walls , then you even got through the heat sensors and who knows what other kinds of security measures that have been installed . ''
by rights , she should be scared out of her mind because she was now in a more precarious position than she 'd been in yesterday after sneaking into the country .
now she was trapped in a palace in a foreign country , avoiding the relentless , aching need one tall , strong man created within her and trying to figure out how to ride a horse .
he made a mental note to personally go through all the orphanages and sporadically check the foster homes in his country .
` ` free country , '' he mumbled .
actually i ' m out of the country . ''
` ` out of the country ?
hell , she left her country for me .
how had she gotten fake papers , and how on earth did she maneuver in such a dangerous country ?
lisa tried to track him down , but his wife said he was out of the country . ''
if he lived on the east coast , he 'd be high over some city in a penthouse office , but no one built skyscrapers in earthquake country .
she 'd spent her first twelve years in this country , but that seemed very , very long ago .
she 'd be nothing more to him than a reward for good behavior , for his patience in moving to an infidel country and waiting there to be of service to his brethren back home .
everyone had heard of aria cruz , the american woman who campaigned for the rights of afghani women on her yearly trips to their country .
after a bone - rattling journey across the pitted and pockmarked back roads of her country , they pulled into kabul just as the sun was setting again .
i 'd have to move rose all over the country if we stayed together , maybe all over the world .
for the service he was doing for his country . ''
the taliban do n't just let people go - certainly not some woman who knows details about their operations in this country .
born in connecticut of afghan parents , raised as american as apple pie for her first twelve years , she 'd traveled to the country of her parents ' birth to attend the funeral of her grandmother and there disaster had struck .
it was obvious that fila loved the food of the country her parents came from , but her time in captivity had left deep scars - something she did n't need to be reminded of each day when she came to work .
my country .
they still love their country .
everything about this country is beautiful , '' she said , keeping her eyes down and concentrating on cutting the vegetables .
` ` what country is this ocean next to ? ''
` ` i have houses in both countries , '' he said , matter - of - factly .
he 'd been discovered by his father , sheik of tasain , and brought back to his country to learn to rule .
they all gave a conspiratorial smile to each other when helen explained that edith 's boss was out of the country for at least a few more hours .
` ` but they are so opposite , they ca n't even live in the same country . ''
i 'd come to richmond from one of the top trauma centers in the country .
` ` i ' ve never even been out of the country , '' i confessed quickly .
no wonder her bed and breakfast is one of the best in the country .
she wanted to visit third - world countries and would spend hours telling me about her dreams and aspirations .
you know i hate country ! ''
staying across the country for a few days was definitely the most adventurous thing i had ever done .
moving across country and finding out i had a son kind of took precedence .
unfortunately , the country had been in an economic shithole , and building and construction had hit an all - time low .
` ` the one at the country club ? ''
it makes getting out of the country a little difficult .
lots of foreigners come to this country and then decide they 're never going home .
by the end of the first day erin had submitted applications at twenty - one establishments including subway , mc donald 's , whole foods and tim horton 's , the most popular coffee shop chain in the country .
storm was one of the richest men in the country .
` ` the manner in which you communicate with your team is very different from the norm in this country . ''
you are not lonely all by yourself in this great big country ? ''
it did n't take long for asia to realize that they were on the way to fisher island , the wealthiest neighborhood in miami - dade county , and also the wealthiest in the entire country .
there were eighteen doctors in the group with specialties ranging from epidemiology to neurology but they all had one thing in common - an intense love for their country which manifested in a shared dream of doing what they could to restore health to the people of that ravaged nation .
she would certainly want to see them before leaving for a country so far away .
for me , it all started two years ago when i visited the country to launch hudson broadcasting corporation in johannesburg .
it had been run by missionaries who , for whatever reason , packed up and returned to their countries .
all my adult life i ' ve been dashing from country to country , working for various non - profit organizations , feeling good about myself for helping others .
all my adult life i ' ve been dashing from country to country , working for various non - profit organizations , feeling good about myself for helping others .
` ` they serve the best french cuisine in the country . ''
rock followed dana 's example and took a sip of his soup and as he ate she explained to him how she and her mother returned to england when she was seven but then the next eleven years were spent moving from country to country but every two or three years they would end up back in england .
rock followed dana 's example and took a sip of his soup and as he ate she explained to him how she and her mother returned to england when she was seven but then the next eleven years were spent moving from country to country but every two or three years they would end up back in england .
` ` zena was my first serious girlfriend back in high school then we went to college in two different countries .
` ` they 'll pick zena up before she leaves the country .
firm in the country .
always in a different country .
you 're going to a new country to meet your family - to - be .
` ` i have not visited that country in a long time .
then i 'd never let her out of the country . ''
all across the country , it 's so big .
i actually think he is still in the country , which seems strange to me . ''
probably florida as it will have easy access to the bahamas to get out of the country quick once the money comes in . ''
while on a picnic , a helicopter dropped off her favorite flowers from a distant country .
you realize that we are in a foreign country right ? ''
felipe asked , his accent making my home state sound like a foreign country .
` ` american soldiers will be in country august 7th .
the fountain said that if you step foot in that country , your fate is sealed .
we were ` ` his girls , '' and we traveled from base to base across the country wherever the army sent him .
we had moved all over the country when my dad started his new business , and our phone numbers kept changing .
i did n't see how a good - for - nothing , brand new lawyer with absolutely no trial experience got to go on an all - expenses paid trip to watch one of the best criminal defense lawyers in the country work while the paralegal that had been promised , and actually could help , had to stay home .
i ' m the other side of the country , not the globe .
or perhaps you would like to try my country 's equivalent , prosecco ? ''
` ` no , i ' ve never had the opportunity to travel out of the country . ''
i can leave my past and all the horrific memories behind and start a new life in a new country .
do you expect me to believe that you just happened to meet him on your first day in the country ? ''
she 'd gone mental on him , racing over to his office and berating him in person for abandoning his bride in a foreign country where she did n't speak the language .
he 'd brought her to his country and then virtually abandoned her .
he was still finding it hard to believe his wife 's resilience , although he should have known from the way she 'd adapted so quickly to life in a foreign country .
and all from different parts of the country . ''
at the moment , he had to put the fear of god into one country casanova .
it was amusing to think that he owned over two dozen of the finest animals in the country and he 'd never been on the back of horse in his entire life .
his bank handled the accounts for hickory hills and he was n't going to waste his time with a lowly farm manager when he could schmooze with the owner of one of the premier stables in the entire country .
mandi was n't sure she could handle the embarrassment of being caught skinny dipping , even if the country was more relaxed about those things than the states were .
he 's actually going to get the jet fueled up to go fly me out to corn country ? ''
` ` i 'll just be glad when the both of you stop making me want to leave the country .
` ` maybe i ' m going to use you in my next book - the selfless heroine risking her life for her country . ''
she was wounded fighting for her country , and today she put her own life at risk to save a little girl who was drowning . ''
once back in her room , she made a quick call to jess - found out zach was fine and he 'd already left the country .
of course you had already fled the country . ''
she would have been in a strange country , without any family for support .
her sister was n't all that supportive when she was in the same country .
probably half of the country but i ' m not interested in keeping track of him or his material assets . ''
and leaving the country ?
montenegro industries was worldwide and jason 's business acumen was reported on almost daily in one newspaper or another , depending on what country he was working in at that moment .
he loved this country and his family had always been the center of his life .
the few nights he was out of the country were wonderful because she was able to simply fall into bed and sleep until she had to wake up the following morning .
everyone laughed and clinked their glasses together , even james who was more than willing to show them how to burn hot dogs and hamburgers , light off fireworks and celebrate freedom from their country .
she was n't alerting him to the fact that she was going anywhere , much less leaving the country .
perhaps he could show her around his native country .
` ` i thought you were out of the country . ''
would n't you prefer to have someone show you the sights so you can really get to know the country ?
emma loved hearing him talk about the country and the culture .
it was asking a lot for her to give up everything familiar here in london and follow him to his country but apparently she was more than willing to do so if her expression were any indication .
she would end the relationship , leave greece , the country she 'd come to love so quickly , and allow dimitri the space to find someone who would be able to give him the children and family that he needed .
you live in one country and i live in another . ''
and i can bring you to my country and we can continue to enjoy each other with much more privacy . ''
` ` and he made a wonderfully huge donation to the cause , is going to sweep you off your feet to some wonderful foreign land and make you his princess where you can apply your sweetness and grace to a whole country instead of one small part of our esteemed city . ''
she did n't think that was something he needed to know since he 'd head back to his country and she 'd get back to her life .
he 's some sort of sheik of that huge country that has lots of oil and unimaginable money .
he 's ruler of some country and i ' m the director of a recreation center .
she would n't see dharran , he was too busy running a country and selling lots of oil .
they will be carefully chosen among the best and most loyal in the country . ''
will you marry me and share my life and bear my children with me and help me grow this country to something modern and wonderful ? ''
emma was in some foreign country , married now to a gorgeous sheik and helping him run his empire .
and when he 'd found her , living on a farm only a few miles from his house , he 'd been amazed that she 'd been so close all the time when he 'd traveled from one corner of the country to another and even to london to track her down with the various leads he 'd unearthed .
they were all over the country in both the rural areas and cities , in back alleys and old warehouses , anywhere a group of brutal , nasty people could gather and bet , make noise and jeer on the dogs that were beaten and starved prior to the fight night to make them more vicious .
according to the gossip columns , you 're either in rehab , having another tawdry affair , or are in the horribly dirty jail of some small country . ''
that 's too much money for an event , and it 's even out of the country . ''
` ` what country does that house reside in ? ''
` ` i have no idea why anyone would hie off to some foreign country just to find you , '' he teased .
and she could n't reach emma easily right at the moment either since she was in another country , on the other side of the planet .
she 'd gone to the police and filed a report , but their initial search had shown that andrew had already left the country , his passport number showing him leaving the unites states through the miami airport yesterday afternoon , heading to grand cayman .
there was n't much there , but she found a few stories about the man 's father who was reputed to be one of the biggest mob bosses in the country .
` ` well , your designs are across the country now , are n't they ?
he forced his mind to start listing the capitals of each european country but then her hips moved and he almost yelled out with how good she felt .
his construction business did n't falter during his hospitalization , mainly due to the fact that he 'd hired many very good employees and they were fully capable of continuing the work on the multiple projects that he had going on across the country .
he actually had created one of the largest construction companies in the country with his headquarters based out of chicago .
` ` he 's extremely handsome , tall , a wonderful dancer which i ' ve experienced myself , a strong military man , which i have n't experienced , thank goodness , and he 'll be a wonderful ruler over a beautiful country .
he was strong and opinionated , smart and had a genuine love of his country .
she was a princess from a small , mountain country that was strategic but not powerful .
` ` what country ? ''
perhaps she would agree to come back to his country .
that is a small country , '' the ticket agent said .
gorgeous country ! ''
he hated the idea of traveling to some other country right at the moment when he had so many more important things to do other than get married to a woman he did n't know and could n't care less about .
glad to see you in our country .
` ` and her family and her country .
` ` basically , i ' ve done it all so you now want me to give up the easy life of a ceo who can pretty much come and go as i please in order to serve my country and become embroiled in the security of an entire people as well as the royal family of cordova . ''
sam loved this country and knew he would have to step in and fix things .
he could n't let his beloved country flounder .
it cares for the children of the staff who then help run this country .
i ' m forced into a situation that no other person in the world has to deal with and yet i ' m trying to make the best of it because i have an obligation to my country and a great deal of respect , not to mention fear , of my father . ''
` ` i ' ve been to all the continents and almost every country in europe .
i ' ve also been to canada , mexico , china and several other countries .
that side of the country is severely vulnerable . ''
you ca n't honestly expect me to choose a bunch of landless animals over the safety of the country , do you ? ''
now that the threat was over , sam was eager to show off his new bride , proud of her heritage and her dedication to the people of this country .
max would need to marry someone born to help him rule the country and knew all the ins and outs of politics and organizing large functions to make the country work more efficiently .
max would need to marry someone born to help him rule the country and knew all the ins and outs of politics and organizing large functions to make the country work more efficiently .
` ` the problem is that you 're the crown prince and you need to get married , have little princes and princesses and rule a country .
will you marry me , have children with me and help me govern this country at my side ? ''
she smiled at his formal words which were softened by the melodic accent but , coming from the united states , she suspected that perhaps most of the people in this country were pretty formal .
he could tell her he was from tasain and only here on business , or he could name one of several other countries where he owned property .
` ` i heard it 's a pretty harsh country .
` ` it 's actually a very beautiful country , if you know how to live in the dessert . ''
there had been the calls from his finance minister about the military exercises in the north of his country , a discussion with his environmental minister about the solar stations and the improvements his scientists were making with the solar panels that would help the world transition from oil energy to more environmental options because he perceived the wave of the future to be non - fossil fuels and he wanted his country to be a resource for those products .
there had been the calls from his finance minister about the military exercises in the north of his country , a discussion with his environmental minister about the solar stations and the improvements his scientists were making with the solar panels that would help the world transition from oil energy to more environmental options because he perceived the wave of the future to be non - fossil fuels and he wanted his country to be a resource for those products .
by talking to her about the horses , she would still see him as an individual man , a human being instead of a powerful ruler of one of the wealthiest countries in the world and he could still maintain their romance as if it were n't tainted by his title , protect her from the sometimes vicious politics that constantly surrounded him on an almost daily basis with everyone inside and outside of the palace trying to gain power by claiming a closer relationship to him than is real .
he 'd been called back to his country to resolve a potentially armed dispute in one of the northern territories and by the time he 'd rounded up the illegal renegades and ensured their prosecution , he 'd gone back to find sidra , only to find that she was nowhere to be found .
even the friend she 'd been visiting was out of the country .
i thought it was because your friend was out of the country on an assignment , but perhaps you 'd given her instructions to keep that information away from me ? ''
her heart was pounding painfully in her chest and she had no idea how she was going to deal with the new information that the man she 'd made love to next to a beautiful stream was actually ruler of one of the most powerful oil producing countries in the world .
the regulations , the hierarchy within the palace , the assistants ' names , the advisors ' names , the various agencies , the laws and culture of the country , it was all drilled into sidra throughout the day .
rashid was proud of his city and equally proud of his country .
isla was probably a sister as well since she piped up and offered other suggestions on ways to irritate the man who ruled their country .
` ` there was an emergency and i could n't be out of the country during those kinds of issues .
hussan el - hamin was an enormous man who ruled the neighboring country of silaria .
it had once been a beautiful , lush country , very prosperous with oil revenues that equaled and sometimes surpassed those of tasain .
but the previous ruler , el - hamin 's uncle , had oppressed the people , destroyed a great deal of the infrastructure and sucked most of the money out of the country with his profligate ways .
no one knew what was happening though , because visitors were no longer allowed inside the borders of the country .
she shared her love of her country with her family , wished that her parents were still alive to see their only son married , but knew that life went on and things happened .
she was looking for him , but knew she could n't ask anyone who he was or what his position might be , not even from which country he hailed .
people who could organize like this and make such a difference , create so much good will with the local populations , they could be a huge asset to his country and help everyone get back to where they were a decade ago , before this ridiculous war tore the country apart .
people who could organize like this and make such a difference , create so much good will with the local populations , they could be a huge asset to his country and help everyone get back to where they were a decade ago , before this ridiculous war tore the country apart .
at the time , he 'd turned rashid down , not sure what the future of his country might be .
but since then , things in his country have changed .
what country had been in turmoil and was now doing better ?
he 'll treat you well and he 's proven that he can rule a country wisely and protect you . ''
you do n't know what it 's like in that country .
you ' ve never even been to his country . ''
every pre - wedding interview will be a news conference on how horrible the conditions are in that poor country with all the people suffering .
the civil war had caused a great deal of damage and , although his country was not poor by anyone 's standards , they were troubled by a broken infrastructure that would still take years to build up to former levels of efficiency .
he 'd been focusing so much on getting his country running and back to productivity , he had n't realized how little amusement he 'd had in his life recently .
in fact , a part of her , only a small part though , actually admired the man for his selflessness in trying to fix the country 's infrastructure before seeing to the creature comforts of the palace .
she knew the dangers he was facing but considered them to be minimal at the current time since not many people knew that she was even in the country , and even fewer might suspect her future role with hussan .
the schools were the heart of a country 's future .
` ` i 'd also like to see more of the country , if it can be arranged .
after spending two days in this man 's country , she could n't reconcile the man 's evil reputation with the man she was getting to know and the reactions of his people who appeared to adore him .
and why would n't he allow reporters into the country ?
as she watched , she realized that hussan was n't just leading the country , he was teaching the others how to lead .
his patriotism and integrity would n't allow his lovely country to be raped by his uncle so he 'd done what he had to do .
what impressed her the most was that he not only had goals for almost every area in the country , he had detailed plans to reach all of those goals .
hussan thought about telling her that the rumors had already spread across the country about her previously secret team that would sneak into villages and bandage up the wounded , or smuggled desperately needed medicines to various doctors .
as expected , they 'd all been interested to learn more about her and her country , but thankfully they had n't changed the way they treated her .
it was done all over the country .
it might be antiquated , but it made things work in her country .
but which country ? ''
if she told him where she was from , he could do an internet search on the country .
she 'd helped so many people in the village to increase their business and get them online so their presence could expand , but right now , hearing the prime minister talk of a potential top down , country wide banking policy change , her mind was distracted from alicia 's conversation as she tried to come up with reasons why she should be part of the men 's discussion .
she loved her home in tasain but had been raised to know that she would be married off to a ruler , to live in another country .
they can tell me if she 's gone through customs yet or if she 's still in the country . ''
` ` what if she has n't left the country ? ''
he 'd contacted his friends in the uk border agency and found out that zarah had probably left the country several hours ago .
she already had that without the excitement of visiting different cities and foreign countries which this job offered .
` ` i ' m eager to see different parts of the country , '' victoria explained , leaning forward slightly .
victoria tried to hide her sense of excitement but the idea of traveling to so many cities and countries , working on so many different projects had drawn her out of her job inertia initially .
it is march madness and duke is down at the halftime in the playoffs so i ' m a little frustrated , '' thomas said , referring to the men 's ncaa championship tournament currently being played out all over the country .
the only piece of clothing that was n't complete ` ` country '' was his white button down shirt which was obviously tailor made but still suited the whole look .
the country itself is poor but incredibly beautiful .
being just off the coast of south america , she assumed the country was basically a tropical island .
i know they run one of the largest conglomerates in the country .
travel all over the country ?
they went through the san antonio store then flew off to denver , las vegas , los angeles and san francisco then flew back across the country to the new york city , hartford , connecticut and finally the miami , florida store .
on the third day , when she was told by carlo that they would be moving across the country to the other stores , kate took several hours to shop for more clothes , but that was her only time off and , unfortunately for her peace of mind , her only time away from carlo .
` ` how is the rest of the country doing ? ''
carlo led her out of the galley before answering , ` ` he runs a country , '' he said casually .
but carlo eased her fears by introducing her to everyone , including their host , prince jamil ali hassan of hurtrain , a relatively small country in the middle east that was strategic for it 's oil reserves and it 's place in the mediterranean sea , if kate 's geography knowledge was correct .
you 're friend had to head back to his country on some sort of emergency and is allowing you go island hopping at his expense ? ''
we ca n't have staffan grace every premiere in every country -- - '' ` ` and i ' m not asking you to do that .
` ` what i propose instead is for staffan to have a special video created for each country where his fan clubs are organizing premiers .
from the gossip rags , i also learned that he had left the country to sail with his friends , two other billionaires who were almost as gorgeous as he was .
through the office grapevine , i learned that he had to fly back to his home country for a get - together with his family .
and she 's going to school clear across the country , so it 's not like i can just hop on a plane and show up on her doorstep , '' heath grumbled , then paused his game to grab a handful of chips .
hell , last year the man had dated the princess of some european country he could n't remember the name of , their images splashed on every magazine and online gossip blog .
` ` not since what you americans call middle school or whatever it is in this country that masquerades as public education . ''
maybe do both , then go on a long honeymoon in a country that did n't extradite criminals .
ca n't remember the country right off hand .
as in they have homes on the opposite sides of the country .
look , i ' ve a plane to catch , a documentary to film about a war torn country and a tremendous amount of friends to reacquaint myself with . ''
i was helping a man document the horrors going on in that country .
he 'd stepped up and had taken over , establishing the charity in several foreign countries .
or pay off her back taxes and flee the country .
you 're in london , not some third world country . ''
` ` foreign country , foreign - to - me customs .
isabella 's spare time consisted of mission trips to third world countries , running faith - based food pantries and volunteering at women 's shelters .
` ` last week , but i fail to see- '' ` ` were you out of the country ? ''
i 'll take you and the baby to every tourist trap , in every country in the world that does n't involve heights . ''
maybe she should have done like her sister , and gotten married in a foreign country .
her only choice was to clean out her checking account , and purchase a bus ticket to the other side of the country .
they both had , but she 'd run away to the other side of the country to go to college .
but daisy and sebastian were out of the country for one last trip before their baby would be born .
they 'd married , and she 'd moved clear across the country to be with him .
so as soon as we graduated , i went to college clear across the country .
right now , she could n't imagine leaving this bed , much less the country .
` ` what country in southeast asia ? ''
` ` now i ' m all alone and pregnant in a foreign country , '' she said , sniffing .
` ` unless i ' m out of the country . ''
actually , the government does n't have time for petty kidnappers when their country is on the brink of civil war .
the other wore the traditional clothes of the men in this country who made their homes in the rugged mountains .
he watched her as she took in the streamlined office furniture , the framed awards from the city and the professionally done photos of the other bradley department stores across the country .
growing the company until it was the biggest of its kind in the country .
i 'll hire the best nanny in the country to help me out .
why he 'd had to go and put half a country between them .
he could afford the best lawyers in the country .
` ` i ' m off doing my job , serving my country .
serving his country filled that need .
had n't he given everything to his country ?
they 'd never evac the country without him , but it would be up to him to make it to the rendezvous point .
papi means daddy , but it was widely used as an endearment , in other spanish speaking countries , mostly in a sexual situation .
and it did n't hurt that she has vast connections in the country .
you should tell me every time you plan to leave the country .
i just needed a few years out of the country to study , and then i planned to be back here again , with him .
` ` how come your boyfriend let you study in a different country ?
in between bites of belgian waffles , i asked , ` ` the woman that you 're seeing at the moment ... is she okay that you 're taking me out of the country ? ''
i ' ve heard from luce that blake 's been extremely busy , flying to a few different countries on a weekly basis .
when he saw my raised brow , he explained , ` ` blake knightly is not only wealthy , but he 's one who has a lot of influential connections in the country .
she constantly visited england , but most of the time i would be out of the country or busy with work , therefore we never really got the chance to see each other often .
they quietly exchanged words in spanish , and since i was n't fluent with the language and could only manage around the country with knowledge of the basics , i ended up trying to figure out what they were discussing .
hell , we can even consider the thought of relocating you to a different country if it would make you feel better . ''
i had never thought i would feel that way , but saying goodbye to this country brought melancholy to my previously upbeat mood .
i did n't talk to them too much these days since both lived out of the country , but when we did see each other , it was as if the absence had never been there .
` ` i ' m actually even considering going out of the country for a year , maybe work and travel at the same time . ''
i will take my luce out of the country very soon . ''
with my mood quite settled , instead of paying attention and taking part in the discussion they were having about the war going on in middle east and eastern european countries , i found myself more consumed by my thoughts than the conversation .
if she was n't with me , i worried , but as much as i wanted to protect her with a security team , she insisted she did n't need one unless she left the country .
these random ramblings from him here and there , whether he was in the country or out on business halfway across the world , never failed to let me know i was never far from his thoughts .
best not to drive her into that direction whilst i was out of the country , thousands of miles away , to avoid the damage she could cause .
` ` everything here seemed to be going well with tyrell , and they 're one of the top interior design firms in the country .
now this sounded more like the man who 'd finagled his way into business with some of the most luxurious boutique hotels in the country .
france had charged him with international crimes , for reasons she did n't want to know , and he 'd never be allowed in that country .
his description of this country was what i 'd always wanted .
if you think an inconvenient verdict would prevent trevor from getting into the country , you 're dead wrong . ''
some online when available , a full load when he was out of the country on assignment .
` ` i love my country .
` ` i was out of the country .
she 's never been outside the country . ''
i had never flown out of the country before and could n't keep my excitement from ramping up .
` ` i have some business to attend to before we leave the country .
leaving the country with three men she 'd known for less than a week might not be construed as prudent .
` ` it 's your country .
` ` you would n't be the first property owner to get kicked out of this country , '' tasha said .
` ` they would not seriously suggest that i marry someone just so i can stay in the country . ''
but i promised your brother that by the time i left this country , you 'd either be married or returning home to france with me .
not that she planned to leave the country , not just yet anyway , but she was n't sure she was coming back here either .
i like my country and our culture .
robert was a conscripted soldier , sent to do his duty by his country , then treated like dirt to be swept under the mat when he returned .
' perhaps it is because they are from a country which is detached from everywhere else ... i have found australians to be strangely independent in how they think and act .
realising she now had to explain more , emily offered , ' you must know about the political problems in that country .
' you have no attachment to your home country ?
the process of reclaiming their country from foreign settlement is a priority with that government . '
she had thought zageo looked spanish but maybe his bloodline came from a neighbouring latin country .
the doors were originally made by indian craftsmen who brought the design from their home country centuries ago .
the pressure is on for malcolm coleman to give up his farm and leave the country but he is persisting in resisting it .
it will allow him to leave with his pride intact , giving him the financial stake he might need to start over in another country and still be successful in the eyes of his wife and children . '
perhaps it can be used as barter for the colemans 's safe passage out of the country .
their journey through africa had been amazing - so many different facets of the country from wonderful wildlife to highly cultivated wineries - but it was coming to an end now .
i was out of the country and did n't hear the news when it happened , karen .
every doctor and nurse in the country will want to see it . '
` ` the stars shine more brightly here in this country than anywhere else in the world . ''
being in this club was like being in an exotic and erotic foreign country .
australia had become his home country .
it 's her home country . ''
a very private , painful story that drove her into exile from her home country .
in actual fact , she probably had n't wanted to marry a brazilian and settle in a very foreign country , anyway .
nadia kilman had been the only child of very poor immigrants to australia - people who 'd striven hard to give their beautiful daughter every possible advantage in their new country , only to be cheated of revelling in her glory , both of them dying while trying to save their home on the outskirts of sydney from a summer firestorm .
i have n't even been outside this country .
they had residences in new york and london , villas in france and italy , but these were only places for their family to live when work demanded they be in other countries .
and her travels through other countries ... looking for colour , wanting it .
there was no need to , particularly in this country .
no family wealth behind her , he reflected , as she described her travels , scrimping on lodgings everywhere , endless walking to save money , yet the walking had given her an in - depth experience of each country and its culture that transcended the usual take by well - funded tourists .
' it 's a fine country .
' a big change for you from life in the outback , ' he remarked , possibly thinking if she could adapt to that , she could adapt to moving to another country .
this had been one of the richest countries of south - east asia and its past glories were abundantly evident .
' i thought i 'd take a look at mandalay while i ' m in this country .
but he 'd been born in australia , a seven - year - old boy when he 'd been taken from this country .
she 'd been an on - the - make young office clerk , sleeping with her much older boss , committing adultery , and now because his father had been knighted for services to his country and she was his wife , she could call herself lady .
an egalitarian australian even at this tender age , ari thought , remembering his own experiences of the people 's attitudes in that country .
and all this has to be a drawcard for tourists , bringing money into the country . '
australia was their home country .
six years ago he was in australia on a three - month tour of the wineries in our country .
' once upon a time a prince from a faraway country travelled to a land on the other side of the world . '
he wanted to be with her all the time and she wanted to be with him so they were together while he was in her country .
after a few years the sister of the princess was to marry a man who came from the same country as the prince , so her family had to travel halfway around the world to attend the wedding .
tina listened carefully to the list of property investments the zavros family had made in many countries as far apart as spain and dubai where ari had so recently been checking up on an estate development .
after tea , fleur and me climb into the bentley and tom takes us to a hairdressing salon that belongs to one of the top hairstylists in the country .
my mother was educated in a different country and she was from the middle class so she taught me middle class values .
' i will increase the amount to two hundred thousand pounds if you will leave the country .
' i went to the apartment where he keeps her and paid her to leave the country and never see him again .
left the country . '
they closed ranks and kicked you out of the f**king country .
once many months ago when i first left the country i was reduced to crawling on the floor , but that intense pain passed .
i left the country for a year .
' but honestly , ' he continues , ' what the devil possessed you to go live in that godforsaken country ? '
now he is going to a dangerous war - torn country and he may never come back .
' because he is leaving for a war - torn country .
' you get to choose a leafy english suburb or if you prefer even another country .
come on , i 'll tell you all about my country if you 'll tell me all about yours . '
it almost feels as though i am in a different country .
a : i make the clothes in england and sell them as exclusive designer gear in rich people 's shops , or b : i reduce the quality so they can be mass produced by slaves in some third world country and flog them to ordinary people .
a sad smile curved her mouth as she realized what an idiot she had been to think that a man like nathan would want to give up his travels to exotic cities and countries in favor of settling down in a tiny town like this one .
` ` this is , as you americans are so fond of saying , a free country , is it not ? ''
if he leaves the country and keeps his mouth shut , i wo n't press charges . ''
marian cornice , only daughter of victor cornice , a man who owned many of the country 's largest private airfields .
marian 's father owns several well - placed airfields around the country .
a lot of beach in this country though .
` ` most swimsuits in this country and , hell , everywhere else , are designed and created for the so - called ' ideal ' woman .
no point in laying out your heart for him to stumble over on his way out of the country . ''
leaving the life i love , my friends , my family , my country , should be a lark ? ''
so garrett would n't leave ireland until he 'd turned the country upside down to find the answers jeff wanted .
garrett and his twin griffin owned and ran the country 's foremost security company , and in between working for the idle rich , spoiled celebrities and the occasional royal ... they did jobs for the family .
for god 's sake , he owned the most respected security company in the country and here he was haggling with a five - year - old .
not only did he not even know her last name , but he had n't been able to pin down what country she was from , either .
duty to my country , to the citizens of cadria and to my king .
yes , cadria is a small country , but she 's proud and it 's our duty to protect her .
this is a wonderful country , and i ' ve been met with nothing but kindness and warmth . ''
` ` but this afternoon , a private jet will be taking her back to her home country .
he went to the law chambers himself to see that the country 's charter was rewritten to allow for a commoner as queen . ''
they 'd gotten past his security and out of the country almost before he 'd known he 'd been hit .
it 's like exploring an amazing new country . ''
he 'd thought then and still did that a man served his country best when there were no other distractions in his life .
brant died for his country , but with him gone , i was so alone .
and now , because of all that , she was forced to we d her enemy ; a brutal english warrior whose armies had oppressed her country , a man who had captured her , held her prisoner , taken her virginity , and destroyed her reputation .
i am living in sin with a man , in defiance of my family 's wishes , my country 's wishes , and god almighty 's wishes .
even now , she could recall every word of his blistering tirade when she confessed to him the sin she had committed with royce westmoreland : ` ` you shamed your father , your country , and your god with your uncontrollable desires for this man .
his brutality has gained him enemies in his own country , and those enemies are busy spreading those same stories everywhere .
jenny swallowed the lump of humiliation in her throat and nodded , cringing inside at the realization that everyone of importance in two countries evidently knew she was an unwanted bride .
she exclaimed in pretended triumphant delight , but what had begun as a jibe directed at him , now seemed to jenny like a painful joke on her , and her voice shook with bitterness and pain , despite her valiant effort to speak in the same bright , satirical vein as she continued : ` ` you could marry me , and in so doing , take me away from my home and country and bind me to a life of public humiliation and scorn at your hands .
the shears in her hand hung like a heavy symbol of what she had just done : from the moment she 'd tied her banner on royce 's lance , she had severed all her ties with her country .
and if , by some chance , she was n't thinking about the fact that she 'd lost family and country today , he did n't want to say anything to remind her of it .
in the city , she had seen the face of widespread poverty and hunger - things that had seemed rare in the country .
he was so beautiful - in a dark , manly way - that it was difficult not to stare at him and even more difficult to believe he 'd actually chosen her above all the women in his own country .
inwardly stephen winced at the reminder that she 'd had to be told what country she was in , which was also his fault .
and she 's also aware that she 's never been in this house , or even this country before , because i ' ve assured her of that too .
` ` i am longing to talk to someone from my own country .
` ` he immigrated to this country from ireland and started a horse ranch , '' julie told her , standing up and beginning to clear the table .
she was young and pampered and he was going to a foreign country where many common necessities would be luxuries .
she told herself he was writing about these things not because he was losing interest in her , but because he wanted to keep her own interest piqued in the country she 'd be visiting .
mentally vowing to somehow force her father to undo the damage he 'd done to matt in those two places , she said quietly , ` ` i want us to get a very quick , secret divorce - preferably out of state or out of the country - and i want the fact of our having been married to remain secret . ''
` ` to any major retailer in the country ! ''
ignoring his attitude , meredith reached out and pressed a button on the computer screen that showed sales in the past four hours in all the departments under his supervision there and in the branch stores across the country .
the same man who cosmopolitan magazine named as one of the country 's ten most eligible bachelors - the man who dated movie stars and famous models and who women drooled over - that same man was having to pay his own wife five million dollars just to see him four nights a week for eleven weeks .
zack spent the time in a restless stupor , while the police refused to give him any information and the news media spewed out a steady stream of it for the entire country .
by now , his face was already plastered all over every television screen in the country , so he could n't possibly hope to rent or buy another car without being recognized .
he 's the best picture book man in the country .
wherever he is , it 's somewhere very remote and it 's not in this country .
as a result , there are 200 million people in this country who ' ve seen that film of him being beaten in mexico city , and now they blame her for it .
according to the article , kate had been chosen for the honor partly because of the overall excellence of the dining experience at donovan 's and partly because of a program she 'd instituted whereby donovan 's chef and sous - chef exchanged places four times a year with their counterparts at equally famous restaurants throughout the country .
the amber alert goes out , we 'll start getting calls from all over the country that children matching danny 's description have turned up .
his assailant was waiting for him in the parking lot at gleneagles country club when he finished playing tennis tonight . ''
any one of us could carry on without andre , but his lordship demands the best - and andre is the best chef in the country .
` ` in my country , mr .
` ` gently bred girls do not marry against their families ' wishes in this country . ''
` ` perhaps that explains why we always defeat you in war , '' victoria suggested sweetly , goaded into defending her family and her country .
she had met a kindred spirit in this seemingly unfriendly country , she realized , and her spirits soared .
` ` in my country , a lass is eager for her wedding night .
however it was done , it could n't be a dreadful thing , because english couples obviously did it often enough to keep the country 's population growing .
` ` surely , you do n't expect an intelligent grown man , who has fought bloody battles in two countries , to have the courage to look a woman in the eye and simply ask her in a calm , reasonable voice why she did n't want to spend the night with him ? ''
since fledgling dukes and earls are rather scarce , particularly in this part of the country , he grew up here in complete isolation . ''
` ` it is not your fault , and therefore not your responsibility to apologize , for the deplorable lack of roads and conveyances in this heathen country . ''
his smile faded , however , as his mind refused to stop wondering why elizabeth would n't want to attend a ball after being banished to the country for so long .
if one of them told her one the country 's most desirable man had showed up on their doorstep she would n't believe it either .
she 'd been especially helpful planning the wedding which had all of the paparazzi in the country interested .
thanks to the sherbrooke name and the media , most of the country thought they knew him .
she 'd met people from all over the country and everyone regardless of where they came from had some type of accent , but not him .
mr . quinn had put his country and fellow man ahead of himself .
when jake 's secretary said he 'd flown out , charlie assumed she meant that he flew to somewhere in the united states not to another country .
i might make plans to be out of the country when you do . ''
but since they are leaving the country tomorrow it 'll be a while . ''
both were beautiful countries she 'd visited many times , but neither were places she 'd pick for a honeymoon .
she 'd heard of people moving from colder areas of the country to warmer ones , but it did n't usually happen the other way .
her mother 's grandfather , giovanni d'ambrosia came to this country and opened the first ambrosia pastry shop and cafe on federal hill .
we had more than one heated conversation about how it was everyone 's duty to serve their country . ''
organized by a former governor 's wife , it attracted celebrities and wealthy individuals from around the country .
it contained miranda 's birthday , parent 's name , and several address around the country .
` ` my manager arranged this audition for me before i knew i 'd be leaving the country .
` ` this song is one i wrote when my best friend and i traveled out of the country several months back .
i spoke with your wife several months ago when the blake phillips case went before a judge for arraignment but i 'll catch you up , as you are now her husband and you both live in another country .
and though in catalonia we have the same king , and a constitution that declares ' the indissoluble unity of the spanish nation , ' we were the first to be recognized as a nacionalidad and a comunidad autonoma or a distinct historical nationality and an autonomous community , along with the basque country and galicia .
she felt she 'd be secure if the whole country fell into the sea .
either the king won , and she was thrown out of the country , or fareed won , and he kept her here .
` ` what i am , '' she seethed , ` ` is a very annoyed guest in your country , sir , and i demand that you live up to the legendary chivalry that you advertise as your most prominent quality .
this is all built by damhoorian funds , providing gao with a site to pool resources , human and otherwise , to engineer emergency and long - term operations , to equip , man and deploy them , as well as a destination for those in need of help , medical or otherwise , who gao ca n't help with any reliability or continuity under the conditions in their countries . ''
i guess i needed a new foundation , and just five days ago i made a decision to use the money he 'd saved for me to come here , find my roots so to speak , in the country i lived my life dreaming i 'd one day live in , with a miraculously healed mother , a father and siblings .
once it 's over , i 'll leave this country , where i ' m clearly not welcome . ''
he hoped enough drops would become a healing shower , prayed he 'd have the wisdom to deal with this country 's rulers , to one day solve these people 's ongoing problems .
with me he 'll be a ruler at war with his own country , finding no peace , ending up with strife on his conscience , even blood on his hands , and i'm - i ' m not w - worth that , n - nothing is ... '' she wept .
a whole country paid for his .
anyone who 'd known she 'd been to damhoor had wanted to relate news of the country and its exciting new hunk of a king .
she 'd shut herself out , unable to bear hearing any mention of him or his country .
suppressing tremors of anguish and anxiety , she murmured , ` ` contrary to what you 're used to in your native judar where your word is law , this is a free country , your highness .
she knew she was no match for him , even in her own country .
` ` i - i ca n't travel ... my passport is n't valid ... . '' ` ` i do n't need one to take you out of the country and into mine .
he 'd snatched her from her home , from her country , from everything she knew , had soared with her to the unknown .
i ordered my chef to prepare my favorite dishes from my country 's cuisine for you to sample . ''
` ` this - uh , tuareg garb is how you usually dress in your country ? ''
` ` yeah , but we 're two american girls in a foreign country .
having his son go to the top law school in the country makes him look good .
it paid for my brother and his life on the other side of the country .
or maybe he just was n't that worried about it , being across the country and all .
i wished he was n't across the country .
my jaw clenched at the mention of ben , and for the first time since he 'd moved across the country , i was glad .
while norma was being spanked by her boyfriend and the rest of the country ooh 'd and ah 'd over colors in the sky , i 'd made my way to the four seasons .
` ` it 's a long time out of the country .
from deciding to take a shoot in another country to answering a question in an interview to sending a tweet on twitter to whether or not i send flowers for valentine 's day . ''
my only hesitation is the time spent out of the country . ''
it was hilarious considering his bank account could clothe a small country .
` ` this is going to sound ridiculous , but i do n't even know how to travel out of the country .
if celia were to follow us across the country ... no , i have to keep her here .
i was going to leave after three months , and i thought you 'd still be onboard , or at least in a different country .
dylan pulled out his cell and scrolled back through the calls he 'd had yesterday until he found the country code he was looking for .
the prosecution must carry its burden of proof beyond a reasonable doubt , the highest legal standard of proof possible in this great country of ours .
` ` yeah , from one end of the country to another . ''
a month later , she was packing her things and heading across the country , terrified , but exhilarated to begin this adventure .
his heart is broken because the love of his life , or so he thinks she is , left him and left the country .
` ` son , i know you want to help them , but you just ca n't tell someone they have to move across the country . ''
i ' m just saying that i ca n't imagine being on the opposite side of the country from you for so long . ''
he also told me about all the countries he had been to while shooting his past films .
i was impatient and did n't want to wait because candace was out of the country preparing for her single to drop .
it 's about an hour from here and it 's one of the best in the country .
this is your country , as it now is mine .
` ` i hope you 'll be very happy in your new country with your miserable view of others and your self - absorption .
just like he had with his king and country .
phoebe could n't let her eighteen - year - old , special - needs sister go alone to a foreign country and an unknown future .
he would n't care that his country had disgraced and shunned him , or even if the whole world deserted him .
for though he thought the country stuck in time , she saw it as a refuge from the invasion of modernity .
going to the beach is part of most people 's childhoods , especially in seaside countries . ''
perhaps he 'd seemed exotic to her , a man from a different culture and country whom she could cut out of her life once the adventure was over .
what i am is devastated at the enormity of the sacrifices you just offered - your name , your family , your country , everything you ' ve worked for ... '' and he dared chuckle .
` ` with all the high - end tech stuff at their disposal , and the whole country out looking for its precious prince , i bet they find you within a couple of hours from the moment they realize you 're missing ! ''
she was a commoner from another country and culture and he was a prince with a binding duty to his people .
it did n't matter to zohaydans that the aal shalaans had made their country one of the most prosperous nations in the world .
` ` your country is n't a kingdom .
she would n't give him power over her , over me , and wind up dragged into the country she abhorred .
` ` so she dumped her only daughter in the country she so dreaded and went off to live her life as if she 'd never had you .
but i wanted to serve my new country and my father , wanted to be there for the uncle i loved in his last days . ''
i let you steamroll me by letting me think this was going to be a short trip inside my country .
i ca n't just hop to another country ! ''
` ` unable to go on , dermot had us pack everything and move across the country .
but now the aal shalaan ` ` hybrids , '' as they were called here , would feature heavily in this country 's future - and consequently , partly in hers .
he 'd rented so many houses in the past two years that he regularly woke up not knowing immediately where he was , or even in which country .
by that time you 'll probably be the new king of a country where i never intend to return for the rest of my life . ''
` ` i was a volunteer paramedic in my country .
but the country was now divided into three fronts , each supporting a different candidate .
` ` i graduated from yale and have important clients all over the country . ''
then he poked one of his friends in the ribs , put his hand on his hip , and said , ` ` it 's a free country , honey , in case you have n't noticed . ''
he 's the best in the country , and i pay him well to do his job . ''
but leck was n't allowed to leave the country , they 'd shut down all his business operations in los angeles and germany , and they 'd seized his assets .
i have friends in the country who have a room like this , and i ' ve only been there once .
evidently , daksha did n't have anyone in this country and gage knew he might be the only one there who could claim the poor guy as his own .
i do n't have any family in this country .
jase was n't familiar with this part of the country and he 'd been watching the way luis 's eyelids had been dropping .
as long as this is still america and it 's still a free country , i ' m going to eat what i goddamn well please tonight .
and two of his heavy - hitter chefs had gone back to their home countries , leaving a lot riding on the young shoulders of the williams twins .
` ` jackson 's the only one of the rutledge males not serving in political office somewhere in the country , '' i continued .
but of course it made sense that he would have a place in the city , which was the financial center of the country .
i could grill him about the country , learning more about my birthplace !
not to mention that sevastyan had kidnapped me , with the intention to smuggle me - passportless - into the country .
i ' ve researched your country enough to know about the russkaya mafiya and their love of ink .
when we turned onto a larger road , i pried my gaze from him , longing to experience this new country .
the entire country was in turmoil in those years . ''
` ` i will show you the country of your birth , your mother 's hometown .
living in a foreign country , changing schools . ''
to live in a new country , in a new world , with a man i hardly knew .
in a way , this crime microcosm was its own country , with its own boundaries and customs , and now i was bound by them .
` ` moving to a new country to be with a new guy while starting at a new school seems like a lot of variables all at once .
live in the crime country , then obey its laws ... ...
` ` a way to smuggle cheap vodka into the country . ''
` ` bennett says you 're going to shoot across the country like a comet . ''
i was still reeling from her admission that her parents owned one of the largest luxury department store chains in the country , and then ` ` andy cell . ''
i realized last night i was photographed all over the country with a man who did n't give a crap about anything more than my name .
you 're across the country and ready to go now .
mallory was thrilled to learn that a large part of these charitable funds went towards building schools in third world countries , something that she cared about deeply .
i ' m in a strange country with a sexy but enigmatic man , and tomorrow i ' m to be engaged to him ... falsely .
we have very few shootings in our country , let alone in venice . ''
we could go anywhere in the country .
she 'd had eleven babies and had shipped them all back to the mother country to be educated .
his country .
` ` he 's from the old country . ''
biggest hunk of camorra territory in the country .
i try to think of such things : pretty metaphors about the ship , or the excitement of seeing another country for the first time in my life .
no doubt he 's returning to his home country with thoughts of joining his father 's steel business and finally starting a family of his own . ''
a reference from one of the wealthiest and most powerful men in the country would no doubt get me a job in the best households available .
what the hell were the outlaws going to do without the top wide receiver in the country ?
the threat of arson would follow him out of the state , across the country .
i 'll give you money , enough to get you out of the country and make sure you never need to work again . ''
the ever - shrinking line between the city and the country was putting wildland firefighters ' lives in greater peril than ever before as they worked to save not only forests but houses and homeowners , often getting caught in the middle .
she 'd heard stories about girls being nabbed off busy streets and sold to creepy rich guys in foreign countries , but she could n't believe anyone would want her to be a sex slave .
both could n't have come at a better time , considering how little there was in her bank account now that she lived in such an expensive part of the country .
to take a trip across the country , seeing all the sights she and her parents had always talked about visiting one day , before finally settling in seattle when the water had called to her .
that determined independence had gotten them across the country and settled into a new life in seattle .
not only to call him to tell him what had happened , but also to hear his calm , reassuring , loving voice before she got on the phone to do whatever it took to persuade the top child custody lawyer in the country to take her case .
there is something wrong with that in a country where we have so much and people are literally throwing good food away .
i 'd get to move all over the us , dancing and singing my heart out all across the country . ''
will my loving husband just sit back and let me go , not giving a damn that i ' m halfway across the country without him ? ''
she got a part in a play that 's going to be touring the country so we figured it was best to call it quits . ''
hell , he 'd even traveled around most of the country watching her perform when he could .
it was very classy and masculine , with lots of chocolate brown and very artistic black - and - white photos of various racetracks around the country , plus one of him winning the championship two years earlier .
considering how shy i was , that 's kind of a joke in retrospect , but i was proud of myself for moving all the way across the country . ''
i travel all over the country . ''
` ` and do n't leave the country . ''
this was a free country .
` ` i believe the architect called it french country .
they sent a panicked - looking ryder back to the country club with the golf cart and ty and diesel finished their eighteen holes .
it was a free country .
i did n't know mom was back in the country . ''
the pictures are all of monique with her girls in various cities around the country , from vegas to miami to new york .
we agreed we 'd spend the summer together and then , when we got back to the us , we 'd each go about our lives on the opposite sides of the country .
` ` and you could n't shoot this in her home country ? ''
a beautiful city in a country that values love above all else .
chanel might be my preference of label , if only because of the country in which it started , but prada is a close second .
why ca n't we just elope in some tropical country and get married without all this fancy crap ? ''
still , though ... leaving dayton in a city on the other side of the country for much longer , without me , is unfathomable .
considering he picked up dinner or ate there at least three or four nights a week , they 'd sort of adopted him since their son lived across the country .
it made sense since he had hotels all over the country , and they were used to him being an absentee parent .
` ` you and that ass**le at the country club .
lucy had brought sketches of her original vision , one based on the other elite sites around the country .
my brother , gabe , runs the family business , which includes exclusive clubs around the country .
nobody would believe you decorate the hottest nightclubs in the country . ''
quite simply , this family was as foreign to ryan as any distant country or culture .
he 'd also been a fence in his home country , something coop had learned during an investigation .
have you ever been out of the country ? ''
i 'd take these trips to amazing countries like france and spain , and i 'd realize what a breath of fresh air it was to be away from the pressure at home .
` ` your poor grandfather died thinking i 'd accidentally flushed it down the toilet while he was overseas fighting for his country . ''
morley and his men would think sara had fled the country rather than testify , and nobody would be expecting her back in new york .
and you know , this country was founded by englishmen , so as far as i ' m concerned that makes it night here by proxy . ''
he could have her on billboards all across the country .
go on , give the men of your country something to add to their wank - bank . ''
she had never been into sports , and even though she was a celebrity the same as him she was n't doing a job that meant she represented her country or that people looked up to her .
dane had absolutely no intention of holding back the fact that jaxxon was in a whole other country where males of all ages could flock around her and there was n't a thing connor could do about it .
` ` it 's still a foreign country which means it 'd too far away for my liking .
` ` just that he wanted to meet up , completely unaware that i ' m not even in the country . ''
` ` then you had the cheek to actually leave the country .
and she 's leaving the country so it ca n't be another day . ''
i used ben 's wind to blow them all out of the country . ''
it 's a beautiful country . ''
from the good part of the country ! ''
and totally expendable to my country .
i could speak the language and aunt marie lived here already so i would n't be completely on my own in a foreign country without at least some family . ''
baby was n't due until the end of the month , but i would n't take the chance of being out of the country when it was brynne 's time .
and yet the powers that be do n't put cell towers in scary , empty parts of the country where stranded women may need to make a phone call so that they do n't have to wait in a ferrari for the next car - which just might be driven by a sex - crazed psychopath ?
the opportunities you have flying all over the country .
` ` i ' ve always thought it would be exciting to live in another country .
the day was unusually clear according to my driver , and i could see all of the west side spread out below me , not to mention the roofs of some homes that looked like they could house every resident of a small country , but were probably only occupied by one couple , one child , and a very spoiled dog .
i want to keep your dad cocooned in the drake for a few more weeks - at least until muratti 's out of the country - but i think this thing is about to blow over . ''
take me out of the country until the worst blows over .
` ` if i was that strong , '' i said , ` ` i would n't be dragging you out of the country . ''
i can wish all i want , and i can run across the country , but those scars do n't go away , and they wo n't stay hidden forever .
a country ?
i know it 's ridiculous to hide in damien 's apartment ; if i wanted to hide , i should have taken him up on the offer to leave the country .
if you 're out of the country , that 's another excuse we can throw to the press . ''
his mood is definitely off , but then again he 's about to fly to a foreign country to be tried for murder .
for the first time since i came to germany , i truly feel what it is like to be in a foreign country , because i have no understanding of what is going on around me .
he said he was leaving the country .
i was left as in the dark as everyone else in the country , watching the coverage on television .
they were often the unsung heroes when it came to service to their country .
` ` besides , the citizens of non - english - speaking european countries speak better english than we do .
with the new filming location , it 's our hope that we ' ve laid the groundwork for it to appear as though you ' ve left the country . ''
i 'd been ` ` collected '' without warning , flown across the country , and brought to the palatial penthouse home of some wealthy , secretive man who claimed to own me , and who knew every detail of my life , who knew everything about me , down to my taste in clothes .
maybe he was some kind of european royalty ; they did still have royalty in some european countries .
i spent several years in china and the surrounding countries , and developed a taste for spicy food . ''
i 'd come from europe , remember , where bribes and coercion were commonplace , especially in the eastern bloc countries where i did the bulk of my arms dealing . ''
we 'd visited a dozen or so countries so far , and i 'd discovered exactly how big the world was , and just how many places there were to see , and i realized i wanted to see all of them .
i was totally reliant on shane , and we were going to a foreign country , to a war - zone ... what the hell had i agreed to ?
i 'd been playing it cool for shane 's brothers , but now that i was actually sitting in a foreign country , surrounded by millions of people whose language i did n't speak , whose religion i did n't understand , whose culture was completely alien to me , i felt how fully out of my depth i was .
and shane is a bit of rough character , but he 's also a billionaire , and one of the most successful and famous businessmen in the country .
` ` i ca n't tell you the number of times a day i fantasize about thumbing my nose at the establishment and escaping to the country like savian did . ''
she was from the country of his birth .
what the hell was elise martin doing in his restaurant in chicago , thousands of miles from their country of origin , leagues from the gilded cage of their common past ?
she 'd been embarrassed , lest he think she was just enacting her parents ' wishes like some kind of robot socialite , bent on marriage to one of the most eligible males in the country .
lucien was a fearsome presence , but he was a familiar face in a country full of strangers .
she felt as if she had suddenly been transported to a strange country and did n't understand the language .
time you learned how to be a little nicer , seeing as you 're a stranger in this country , '' he crooned , his quiet voice sending a shiver through her as it echoed in the empty , dark stairwell .
once markov had brodsik 's passport , he was able to follow his trail into the country .
he was n't expecting to have to leave the country so quickly , given what ian had told him , '' lucien explained when francesca gave him a perplexed glance over her shoulder .
he was used to living in isolation in the country .
` ` the media is trumpeting the news that our golden boy here has skipped the country , although nobody seems to know why yet .
` ` what do you mean , '' i asked , ` ` he 's not allowed back in the country ? ''
i watched , fascinated , by the movements of the women ; they were so much more sexual than i would have thought from the arabic country .
i just need to get this lot out of the country ; distribution should be easier after that . ''
and if you want my help getting your merchandise into the country , you 'll use my ship . ''
` ` many of my early associates were from eastern bloc countries .
` ` i live on the other side of the country though . ''
what was herculean was seeing someone on the other side of the country .
she and dillon had already split , and she was n't keeping tabs on him so she did n't know he 'd fled the country .
and seeing as dillon has left the country , it seemed the right time for you and i to get acquainted . ''
she 'd thought she could jet across the country and have a fantastic getaway .
` ` i suspect i will fall fast asleep and dream of a beautiful redhead on the other side of the country . ''
she gasped lightly when he made contact , that involuntary sound the most perfect reminder of why he 'd listened to chris and mckenna , snapped up a ticket , and flew across the country .
after all , he 'd flown all the way across the country .
he left the country , and he left with $ 100,000 stolen from the mob .
as he stepped into the elevator after dinner at an italian restaurant that evening , he was painfully aware of the ticking clock marching towards tomorrow 's game , then sunday morning when they 'd meet charlie at eleven , then sunday afternoon when he 'd put her on a plane and let her crisscross the country .
she should be terrified of packing up and moving across the country .
` ` you asked me to move my life across the country for you and i said yes in a heartbeat .
waiting for her on the other side of the country .
a known hustler , she was one of the most wanted in the country .
but then , charlie had contacts everywhere , and inside men all over the country .
i have new ringers , all over the country , and i do n't need a thing from her . ''
` ` the country ? ''
chapter twenty - three sunday , 8:23 p.m. , somewhere over the middle of the country he closed out the email as they flew through the night , en route to new york .
yeah , business was good thanks to the erotica craze that had swept not just the country , but also the world , and had made it more acceptable to bring another party into the bedroom , even if the third party required batteries .
jack had served his country for six years and that was about the extent of his interest in matters of state .
she was n't supposed to be stirred by such things , but holy fucking hell , the man had served his country , had been in uniform , had been stationed in europe as an army intelligence officer .
i ' m not dating grant yet and wo n't even have dinner with him for a month because he 's going out of the country .
would i ever meet these people or did he plan to keep me a secret out here in the country , never to appear at any of the functions or events he attended or to see the people closest to him ?
i do n't know why , but that sounded so common as the words left my mouth , like he 'd see me as someone less than him because i did n't routinely leave the country .
it was like being sent to a country where everyone had forgotten the language except that one lonely soul who kept speaking even though nobody understood him , hoping one day he 'd find just one other person to comprehend his words .
spent some time in the navy and then spent a few years bouncing around the country before i got into this line of work . ''
tristan 's family had established a foundation to help local food banks across the country when he was a small child , and since the plane crash , he 'd been the representative of the foundation .
which might be difficult since she had school and i sometimes travelled for business , sometimes out of the country , i ' m going to have to figure something out because i ' m pretty sure that was out .
` ` good man , now let 's deal with this psychotic bitch , i want her out of the country by the end of the week . ''
the entire country had to relearn what it meant to have to struggle , to prepare for the future . ''
i ' m sure i 'd feel better about it if god or country actually meant anything to me , but i ' ve never been able to buy into religion .
after unloading my carful of hastily - grabbed belongings and stocking the kitchen with enough espresso to fully caffeinate a small country , it 's time to get down to business .
at the ripe old age of twenty - five , i had just chosen an entirely new career , moved across the country , and started my whole life over from scratch .
i grew up on the other side of the country , in a little town outside of allentown , pennsylvania .
if bruno goes after them , finds a way to take them down , no court in the country is going to question his evidence .
i 'd wanted to serve my country my entire life , just like my dad did .
but his actions against the fbi , against his country ... those will keep him locked up for sure . ''
that the man who had been so funny , kind and sensual had turned into a monster , and she was now in a foreign country where she did n't know the rules .
i wo n't allow my companies or my country to be hurt .
` ` if i promise you that i did n't create any vulnerabilities with either surisia or your country , would you let me go ? ''
i left so many messages and every time , i was told you were in a meeting , or catching a flight to zurich , or paris or some other country .
` ` since he told me to bring my passport , i ' m assuming it 's somewhere out of the country .
she even dared to point out that she did her investigation , and with reiss 's monetary worth , he could very well buy his own country to dictate if he so wished it .
we were leaving the country and heading who knew where .
i just thought with the time that had passed and the fact that he had never attempted to come near you sooner ... well , i thought maybe he had fled the country ...
i had come halfway across the country to find the love of my life , and i did n't even know i was doing it .
` ` no , i lied and told her i was on business for a while and that i 'd be out of the country .
it was going to be an entirely new experience to see the country from a different perspective .
i was on his boat , in a foreign country and the only possessions i had arrived with had disappeared along the way .
i mean , i can understand if you 're traveling to the middle east or africa , but ... '' ` ` you do n't have to be in a third world country , evil is everywhere .
` ` so george and kwan are from the same country ? ''
they 're one of the last great ` ` old money '' families in this part of the country and have a reputation for being a little eccentric ; as such , they attract their fair share of attention - and they appear to harbor their fair share of secrets as well .
i mean , how many noah crawfords can there be in the world , much less in this corner of the country , with enough money to pay two million little cha - chings for his own personal little oh - yes - daddy - milk - me - papi ? ''
you go off to college , money shows up out of nowhere in our account , your mother gets the best heart surgeon in the state - hell , in the country , for that matter - you show up with this bohunk who has more money than he knows what to do with , and all of a sudden my baby girl is running off to marry him .
i was also in the greatest city in the country and had good friends and great parents .
` ` by the way , i heard you were out of the country last week ... italy , was it ?
` ` do you honestly believe your brother would flee the country or destroy company records once he learns the rejoinder has been granted ? ''
god , do n't they have anything stronger than wine in this country ?
` ` and would your running away to another country have anything to do with ... stella ? ''
in the country of italy , her name should not exist .
the pace of this country 's meal times are nothing like the us .
because after all this time - after the insanity of me flying across the country to make good on this silly promise - he could have laughed it off .
as i regroup and gather my thoughts , mia , the sweet and thoughtful girl that she is , pays a compliment to their beautiful home country .
damn , his cock alone is reason enough to fly across the country on my last dime .
we ' ve chosen a few areas of the country to test - market and we 're restricting the product line to higher - end grocery markets .
the prices of the rugs alone could probably feed an entire country .
it was distracting , but also immensely erotic ; as though he was stimulating me from across the country .
` ` a lot of people do n't realise how much poverty there is in big european countries .
maybe anywhere in the country . ''
those two guys were known muscle for anton silva , who is suspected to be one of the biggest crime bosses in the country . ''
that woman 's got no business travelin ' all over half the damn country by herself- '' ` ` unlike you .
chapter seventeen cheyenne , wyoming , was all abuzz for frontier days , for the ` ` daddy of 'em all '' , one of the oldest rodeos in the country .
we lived all over the country .
raising a family with one mother and two fathers in a part of the country that shunned anything out of the norm ?
` ` do n't seem like the pu**y is so free if you 're knockin ' up women all across the country and payin ' child support , '' trevor said slyly .
during a drunken rant , her father had let it slip the mckays ' spread was bigger than a couple european countries .
because domini had shared a house with her friend nadia , who 'd emigrated from bosnia , everyone assumed they were from the same country .
cam had pegged domini 's accent and country of origin right away .
but with domini growing up in a turbulent eastern - bloc country , she was n't innocent to the harsh reality of the world outside the u.s . borders .
unemployment rates may be skyrocketing everywhere else in the country , but not in wyoming .
` ` the evangelical church of hope got their hooks in me before the marriage brokers did and they offered me a better way out of the country .
foster care here is nothing like what you dealt with living in an orphanage in a foreign country . ''
baxter 's luxury of blithely turning down work , when jack raced all over the damn country taking every job in every podunk town from barrow , alaska to bangor , maine , burned his ass .
` ` i ' m out of the country for three freakin ' weeks and i come back to find out you 're engaged ?
opening keely 's clinic , setting up his office space in her building , meeting with his clients across the country to explain he was only changing his physical address , not the nature of his consulting business .
sounds like you ' ve got a girl in every town and left a string of broken hearts across the country . ''
rumors abounded about the trail of broken hearts he left across the country .
seen a lot of this great country .
pbr events are spread out across the country , and i started flying more .
then the country went to war .
clientele recommendations come from managers of clubs like this in other parts of the country .
they 're out of the country for a couple years at a time so i do n't see them much .
` ` i spent my childhood in third world countries .
i was the outsider white girl everywhere , even in my own country . ''
maybe not in all lines of work , but definitely in this one and definitely in this part of the country .
` ` some gets sold locally , but the bulk goes to restaurants across the country . ''
sierra could choose the college that best suited her , rather than having limited choices because she pissed away two years in another country .
except you 'll be stuck in a foreign country where you do n't speak the language , with no escape .
working part - time gave her time to apply for jobs all over the country , with every agency under the sun .
at least her mom seemed happy to have her around , although she and her husband , gavin , were joined at the hip and lips when they were n't traveling across the country .
but the regular rules state no kids under twelve , one person at a time , no one who 's been in a foreign country for the previous six months , no one with an autoimmune disease ... and anyone on your blacklist . ''
she 's the first mckay girl born in this country .
` ` in all those years have i ever told you it was my fondest dream to own an rv and travel the country ? ''
her boyfriend 's the australian ; they 're going to start married life back in his country . ''
he did n't make a habit of bragging , but he was considered by certain publications one of the most eligible bachelors in the country .
` ` in my country , the girlfriends not only do their own laundry , but also that of their boyfriends . ''
at first when her father had come up with the idea of her seven - year - old son spending the entire summer in a foreign country without her , she had balked .
but lacey had barely had time to trek to montana from chicago to pick her daughter up , much less drive her to whatever part of the country kenji lived in , so that they could work together during the summer .
as far as tony knew , she 'd come to this country illegally when she was a child and though she 'd lost her accent , she still had n't managed to gain citizenship .
you 're more concerned about laying low than setting yourself up legitimately in this country . ''
you see , she is chinese , and though her family was very well off in her country , my father 's family never approved of their marriage .
we get a lot japanese clients coming through the club , but i have n't explored the country beyond that . ''
he began unbuttoning his shirt , ` ` if you had ever spent any time in my home country , you would know the japanese have a somewhat peculiar talent that your own country does not . ''
he began unbuttoning his shirt , ` ` if you had ever spent any time in my home country , you would know the japanese have a somewhat peculiar talent that your own country does not . ''
later , when she started volunteering at ruth 's house , she found out this story was so common , it would have been a cliche if it had n't been happening to women across the country every day .
` ` things like death buddha , '' he answered , referencing the weird metal band nyla had spent a year following around the country before she 'd decided to be a grown up and go to grad school .
convince me i ' m right to be way suspicious of your motives in bringing me to this insanely gorgeous country with its incredibly yummy food .
i did n't want to have this talk with you in the hotel room , in another country where i did n't know the laws or have any recourse if you decided to , um ... use your resources against me . ''
sam shook her head , wondering how she and nikolai could be from two opposite countries , two opposite races , and two opposite backgrounds but be so much the same .
he was only sorry for what it had cost his family and country .
he could tell her that he was in this bayou before america was even a country , and that he did n't need any stinking piece of paper to make him legal , but as a dark - hunter he was forbidden to tell her anything about their lifestyle or existence .
she headed across greece , laying waste to the entire country , and setting them back culturally thousands of years before she was finally returned to her holding cell .
driven mad by his confinement and thirst for vengeance , the last thanatos had ripped through england with such force that ash had had to fabricate stories of a ` ` plague '' to keep the humans and dark - hunters from learning the truth of what had actually destroyed forty percent of the country 's population .
she 'd died trying to save her country from invasion by some barbarian tribe who were no doubt the forerunners to his own people .
all the homes in the area were owned by some of the richest people in the country .
it was a free country , after all .
` ` how do you speak the language of a country that was long gone before you were born ? ''
he had been a visionary who had taken the zoo out of the dark ages and turned it into one of the leading zoos in the country .
` ` you 're one of the richest men in the country and yet you live like you 're penniless and work as a busboy in a biker bar of all places .
some of the best surgeons in the country live right here . ''
like her grandfather , she intended to leave this country and never step foot on it again .
and here 's where i should remind you that kidnapping a woman in this day and age , and in this country in particular , is a federal offense . ''
yet there he stayed in a country that was constantly on the brink of war with ours .
i had no doubt that by now both father and estes were looking for us while boraxis scouted a safe haven for acheron in another country or kingdom .
` ` i do n't think that bothers them nearly as much as the fact that the island of atlantis is now gone and the atlantean goddess apollymi is cutting a swathe through our country , laying waste to everyone and everything she comes into contact with . ''
` ` many died with atlantis , but there are thousands of them who have spread over the mediterranean and who live in many other countries now , including apollo 's own son , strykerius .
` ` according to them you did n't and they were one step away from issuing a warrant out for you because you took part of their national heritage out of their country without permission . ''
my grandfather said that you bandaged his eyes and then carried him in your arms for days until you reached the docks where you had to bribe the snot out of everyone to get him out of the country .
` ` so what country are you from , anyway ? ''
she could n't get halfway across the country without knowing it .
it had never failed to capture her imagination and make her wonder what it would be like to fly over the mountains and explore distant countries .
` ` what is it about you and this country that you are ever finding yourself in peril whenever you 're here ? ''
a shadow antiterrorism agency that most of the country did n't even know existed , bad had a lot of ` ` interesting '' people in it , and tee was definitely one of the more colorful characters .
having been born and bred in europe , dieter knew every back hole and dive in six countries .
` ` i ' ve visited countries where wild horses are more valuable than domesticated ones .
i ' m a man without family , name , or country .
he 's leaving the country even as we speak .
a mortal enemy of julian and kyrian , valerius 's family had tricked and killed kyrian - then destroyed the people and country the two of them had fought and died to protect .
how could kyrian ever sit down at a table with a man whose family had taken kyrian 's wife , destroyed kyrian 's country and caused kyrian 's father to kill himself ?
she 'd have loved to own a van like that instead of traveling in late - night buses on the trip she 'd taken across the country .
storm shrugged , saying , ` ` i grew up in chile and roamed all over this country .
we 're up to a hundred and thirty - four that we know about that have shifted in different parts of the country . ''
in buildings scattered across this country , as well as several others , quinn maintained a perpetually vacant floor at specific locations , such as this one .
could this be what had been shifting across the country and killing ?
would something as simple as rain destroy the yellow haze attacking part of the country ?
she doubted he 'd make it out of this country , since the airport really was shut down after all .
` ` i do n't want a replay of sex in the country . ''
he searched his mind for what she could have brought to this country ... or created since coming here .
he searched his mind , going back over kizira 's last statement to leave this country .
it meant grendal , the wizard , was here in this country .
` ` i tried to fix it for you to visit for a while , but i have n't heard anything , which i take to mean the time extension viper gave you for remaining in this country is up at daylight . ''
she would leave soon and find somewhere else to hide in this country .
living in this country was much difficult .
stories of a place where students seemed to die at a higher rate than any other boarding school in the country .
three blissful weeks of summer lie ahead before i move across the country , and for the first time in forever , i have absolutely nothing i need to do .
instead of moving to chicago like i 'd always planned , i enrolled at uc san diego and finally did something my father deemed worthy : graduating with honors and applying to the most prestigious business schools in the country .
maybe a nightclub dancer , just to birdflip my father from across the country .
` ` it 's basically a group of people - mostly university - aged - cycling across the country for three months , stopping en route to work on various building sites . ''
it takes a true patriot to dissent , to say he loves his country more than he cares for his own place in the social order .
i 'll see the shadowhunter home country , the city of glass .
` ` the nearest airport is a country over , '' luke said .
the woods used to cover most of the lowland of the country .
it was n't as if he could go to every lake in the country and see if sebastian was floating around in the middle of it .
he had been in idris , the shadowhunters ' home country , for almost two weeks .
` ` foreign country , '' said jace .
` ` ' the past is a foreign country : they do things differently there , ' '' jace said .
that time , he 'd been summoned because jace had wanted to talk to him about clary before he disappeared into another country .
sometimes he thought some part of him longed for it , for that unknown country , the one place he had never been , that one experience as yet unlived .
that 's ... that 's clear across the country .
this is happening in some of the largest cities in every state , in every country .
` ` when they kicked down our door and nancy strode in as if she was the biggest , baddest thing this side of the country , i proved just how well connected i am . ''
all across the country , we dropped like flies , and it simply became time to end this . ''
in her mind , moving to d.c . should ' ve stopped this , because who would ' ve seriously put effort into finding her clear across the country , in a different time zone ?
so she 'd need to find out who was responsible for stalking her clear across the country , and she also needed a gun .
` ` even someone who 's followed me clear across the country ? ''
he probably would ' ve been happier if i 'd picked a school clear across the country , but i 'd chosen one that was still sort of close by just in case ... just in case something like this happened .
we never talked about his cousin , mostly because major had lived in a different country every time mase had mentioned him .
now , explain to me how you told your other daughter to come to my house and then just left the motherf**king country . ''
it was inhabited by people , but not overly developed - a third world country ; under the radar , so to speak .
it was the capital city when this was a country .
it would n't be long before the broader society would deteriorate to match this small section of the country .
` ` you 're safer in this country than you are in our own nation 's capital - you do realize that , right ?
the soil , the sunshine , and warm nights , and being by the ocean - all of it together makes this the best citrus farming country . ''
we get orders from all over the country .
he 's one of the leading plastic surgeons in the country and a very good friend of mine .
probably because there are only a few thousand in the entire country and each one would go for a pretty penny .
the rutledge family gave up any expectation of privacy when they decided to take a stab at controlling this country . ''
` ` she 's too blinded by your billions to realize there 's something really wrong with you hiding that bogus wedding in a foreign country .
it 's supposed to be the best in the country . ''
i ' m going to princeton , i have money , a car , a guaranteed job at one of the most prominent law firms in the country .
plus she lived across the country most of the year , going to school , so it 's not like she cramped my lifestyle .
i have to stay in the country .
he picked up the telephone ; quickly he punched the direct - dial number , followed by the country code for the united states .
i delivered babies in picayune , mississippi , for thirty - eight years before i ever came down to this godforsaken country . ''
we ` ` became '' an ancient tribe called the picts , tall because we came from the northern countries where men grow tall , and we were eager to live in peace with those who would not disturb us .
we were not a country of cities , but of small feudal holdings .
and she could not get out of that dusty chamber in her homeland , and it seemed to her she was traveling up through layers and layers of sleep , and this dressing room about her in this cruel country had lost its substantiality .
they are going to the queen 's village , which is the largest and most prosperous in the country .
all that happens is that the slave reaches his native country somewhat in disgrace .
` ` dear young prince , '' she sighed , remembering her rejected suitor , ` ` i hope you have made it into the queen 's country .
` ` tomorrow we 're to lead his team when he goes to the country .
the next pages were devoted to the other gifts raziel had given the first shadowhunters - powerful magical objects called the mortal instruments - and a home country : a tiny piece of land sliced out of what was then the holy roman empire , surrounded with wardings so that mundanes could not enter it .
` ` after they died , everyone thought that the safest thing for me would be to leave the country , in case the demon or its cohorts came after me as well . ''
we are nephilim , first and foremost , and only after that do we make a nod to whatever country we might have been born and bred in .
what if humans could walk into that other country ?
we might as well have walked into another country .
from one of those european countries , anyway , thought the tall man , who was not well traveled .
actually , that was absolutely true - but the creatures that had sparked the rumor were now departed to a country i could n't visit .
i understand that the murderer confessed to the police and then left the country .
victoria was one of the most prominent figures of their kind , her shrewd business dealings taking her from franchising a motel to owning one of the largest chains of upscale hotels in the country .
she 'd moved in after darius died , closer to the central hub of magic in the country , so that she would have greater opportunities to provoke the council .
sebastian had always been closest to his oldest brother , and he could almost hear nikolai 's thoughts as though they were his own : how could i expect to defend a country , when i could not protect my own flesh and blood ?
sadly , their country of estonia had fared no better than this family .
though estonia bordered russia to the west and its inhabitants were considered a nordic breed of russian , she recognized the difference , and wondered what he was doing away from his own country .
for all these years , he 'd avoided blachmount , instead residing in the one country where no one would have thought to look for him .
he could n't trace to her home country to begin a search , because he did n't even know what continent she lived on .
which meant he had to have fought in the great northern war between russia and the neighboring nordic countries .
the country was in shambles , wracked by plague and famine .
they were from estonia , a baltic country bordering russia , which explained their accents .
each brother had become a warlord , leading the defense of a section of their country , under the ultimate command of nikolai , the eldest .
she 'd heard them talking about their small country having been decimated by plague , embattled for decades - were there no women to take succor from ?
during his harsh human life , he would ' ve scarcely spared a pitying glance at her , predicting the delicate girl would n't last though the next winter in their war - torn country .
omort seized on that and launched his rebellion , sending this scourge across the country .
` ` there will be three checkpoints in different parts of the country .
reclaiming rothkalina ... his heart beat faster at the idea of liberating his country , working to see his people prosper for the first time in a millennium .
his full - court press across the country of canada had ... cooled .
he was brother to nikolai , which meant he was one of the wroths , four estonian warlords famous in their time for their ruthless defense of their country .
` ` i did n't manage monogamy as a human , though i could have we d my pick of the most ravishing women in my country .
back then , much was taboo in his conservative country .
he turned his back on queen and country , wanting only to start a life with me . ''
the thin sun struck him , and he relaxed , glad to be out of the gloom and circumstance of another country 's law .
he hated to fly , hated the damp weather this country was afflicted with , and hated his forgotten history for making someone else 's problem his .
you ' ve done your part for home and country . ''
took part in a rare combined effort to catch one of the country 's slipperiest brimstone distributors . ''
` ` if we take him , the entire country is going to be on us ! ''
with a thought , i reached past the country club 's ward of no - magic and strengthened my hold on the ley line .
i understood not wanting the mess in cincinnati to spill over into the rest of the state , much less the country , but we had this .
the man had run the country during the turn , and his confidence was absolute .
awe continually struck her , and she felt as though she had entered a fairy tale rather than a third - world country .
more than welcome to fly to third world countries with anthony and help the poor .
the same was true with every country he had ever visited .
reyes sat in the shadowed corner of an italian strip club thinking that one bar was the same as any other , no matter the country .
kane was at his left , cameo at his right ; they were loaded down with enough weapons to take out a small country .
in fact , she 'd only ever seen them from a great distance because , while the circus traveled from city to city , state to state , and sometimes other countries , all year round , they were only ever allowed to stay in clearings where forests used to be .
michael had homes in every state , every country .
he did n't like father and daughter even being in the same country .
either to please his father and help the guy nail michael , using you as bait , or he 's taken over the empire , since daddy is hiding in the country , and as michael 's daughter you 're now a liability . ''
` ` this building used to be o'hare airport , one of the busiest airports in the country .
` ` it 's a country , '' says amar .
the purity war caused a level of destruction formerly unheard of on american soil , eliminating almost half of the country 's population . ''
` ` this is our country before the purity war , '' david says .
` ` all the other cities - that 's where most of the country lives , in these big metropolitan areas , like our city - are dirty and dangerous , unless you know the right people .
our reach stretches across the country - there 's a group for every metropolitan area that exists , and regional overseers for the midwest , south , and east . ''
` ` we may have a problem with the way we treat gds in this country , but it 's not going to be solved by killing a bunch of people , '' he says .
unfortunately , he 's not even in the same country right now , and there 's no way i ' m calling him and taking up what little free time he has to burden him with my problems .
after a few days , you 'll realize this part of the country is wall - to - wall glamour .
` ` beautiful country .
` ` you know how it is in the country .
` ` country ? ''
now i was in another country , and as i sat on the cream sofa across from natalie , who perched on her coordinating plum - colored chair , i realized terry kept living his life after we left .
chapter twenty - nine december in this part of the country , december is dark and wet .
you know , that little country on the map below yours .
in short , what the hell was i doing rummaging through the jungle in a foreign country , about to free a man whose origins were completely unknown to me ?
the open room was the size of a small country , decorated with red saltillo tile floors , brightly colored pre - hispanic paintings , and an entire wall of books .
i was taken against my will to a foreign country and just lived through the most traumatic event of my life . ''
a photo of a crowd beating a helpless shrouded woman in some middle east country .
soldiers in some crazy african country firing on a group of helpless women and children .
being the son of a powerful family from eastern russian - a country plagued with war and corruption - taught him all about persistence and pain ; especially how to endure it , which was ultimately his downfall .
the country was divided at the time into the lombard kingdom and the byzantine empire .
a small country .
they should name a country after me - wait !
funny how penelope had done the same thing , as if she and kinich were staring from across the country at one another , longing .
antonio had never been to this part of the country , but it looked exactly as one might imagine .
like all gods , he has enough money to buy a small country , perhaps two .
the people in this country who made it a business to steal human beings for profit were no strangers to torture and violence .
i went to mexico to find out what happened to justin and was run out of the country .
when i explained he was out of the country , the man told me to file a report with the local police , then contact the nearest embassy or consulate .
i had been detained before officially entering the country .
what your brother is doing for his country is ... well , we could n't be prouder . ''
i asked , not understanding how she could give up everything to follow her boyfriend around the country .
but she was off with jordan and the rest of the guys , including my new boyfriend , touring the country , exposing the masses to generation rejects ' brand of ear destroying mayhem .
after almost a year of touring around the country and playing in small bars and nightclubs , they had finally gotten a break .
and she was the girl who would fly half across the country just to see me naked .
yes , i was acting like a child as i considered smashing the phone that all owed my mistakes to fol ow me across the country .
i ' ve never been away from home , and here i am , all the way across the country with no friends or family .
originally , his parents were supposed to be out of the country for the holiday .
the day i turned eighteen , i was released , and i 'd hitchhiked my way across the country , putting as much distance between this place and myself as i possibly could .
i 'd always known one day i would work for my father 's firm , i just had no idea my father would open a new branch on the other side of the country and ask me to head it .
it was murphy 's law - to be starting a new school , in a new country , on a bad hair day .
` ` not right now - apparently he 's not even in this country . ''
` ` i ' ve been out of the country . ''
` ` at first , i was going to help you flee the country , change your identity - make you safe .
and jason was supposedly out of the country .
we just got word that drake received our letter , offering war , and fled the country . ''
each letter from dad said the same things ; sam 's doing well , vicki bought something new to fill the empty space that used to be my bedroom , constantly changing it to be a room for some other hobby she could n't stick to , and also told me about ' conference season'-his annual fly - home - and - leave again period , where he 'd give history lectures all around the country .
` ` why would i be hundreds of miles across the country , releasing vampires i do n't believe deserve it , when i have such little time left in the one place in this world i actually want to be ? ''
all you have to do is say the word , and we 'll be gone so fast they wo n't realise it until we 're in another country . ''
if we put together all the jails in this country and made a state out of them , we could call that state furious .
i was such a big hit with all those troubled parents around the country , so they wanted more chances to watch poor little gerald squat and deposit turds in the most peculiar places .
` ` ... and cash was talking about his plans for next year , because you know how he 's taking time off before college , and he said that his friend kris said that his cousin was doing , like , a volunteer road trip across the country working at farms and co - ops and stuff , and that he - cash , not kris 's cousin - might do the same , either here or up in canada .
` ` let me guess , you 're happy i 'll be all the way on the other side of the country , far away from garrett ? ''
she 's the one who sacrificed everything to trail some guy across the country ; my friendship with garrett is nothing like that !
i love this part of the country .
` ` right , '' grace agreed , too relieved that hallie was n't in total collapse to start asking about this new plan for her to go move across the country .
` ` in case you forgot , dakota is on the other side of the country ! ''
one day ( soon i hope ) , the country will get bored of those talentless posers and move on to something way more important , like brad and angelina 's rumored split or jessica 's new diet , but until then ?
i swear , between them they seemed to know half the country , and all of them stuck with names like bunny , blakey , and ( i kid you not ) shotter .
nonetheless , stefan had somehow used his business contacts to wrangle a deal with a publisher , and now flora was officially the twelfth most - sold artist in the country ; her prints ( and coasters , and calendars , and wipe - clean placemats ) snapped up in gift shops from bournemouth to the isle of wight .
` ` she ripped you off and fled the country .
you are aware that our kingdom could halve the population of this country in a day , are n't you ?
ilta crimson has left the country , i am quite sure of that . '
stepping out into the bustling streets of london , i inhaled the familiar stench of exhaust fumes and exotic food from every country imaginable .
athenea , my country , is part of vancouver island but we are a nation of our own , separate from canada . ''
` ` on a serious note : some of you may have heard about the recent local extermino attack , and about others around the country .
we all share a cultural memory , because whatever happens to the humans in one dimension happens in another , because the nine parallels of a country are one state , not nine different states .
we 're ruled by ... by the athenea , from a small country of the same name , at the northern end of vancouver island . ''
in each different country , in each different dimension , members would be elected to the inter dimensional to form a single representative body for that country , regardless of dimension , and together , all the representatives formed the human contingent .
in each different country , in each different dimension , members would be elected to the inter dimensional to form a single representative body for that country , regardless of dimension , and together , all the representatives formed the human contingent .
athenea ... athenea is the most beautiful country on this earth .
the operation had been blown , their target was now in some other country where they had no jurisdiction , and all their evidence would be bagged , tagged , and stuffed in a box in a basement , never to be seen again .
` ` i was across the country at the time .
` ` yeah , i '' m a little sore , '' he said quietly , thinking about how little he knew of ty '' s past , especially things like tours in hostile middle eastern countries , a marine recon team being a family , and why he spoke farsi like a native .
you fought and almost died for your country , '' nick continued , undaunted .
` ` one minute he was ranting about risking your life for your country and being able to tell your friends the truth , and the next he was looking at me ... and he kissed me , '' he rambled helplessly , telling the story with a variety of hand motions and numb , helpless looks up at zane .
and to top off his improved mood , he and zane were together in a city halfway across the country from anyone who knew them .
` ` guy 's willing to charge into a room full of guns to protect you and then drag you across the country in handcuffs to keep you with him .
there are dozens of sanctuaries all across the country , a lot of them right here in texas . ''
` ` trucks are like ships , taking cargo all over the country .
there were obvious problems , first and foremost being that they 'd have to go to another state or country to do it .
in front of king and country and anyone who would watch .
` ` never let him drive in a country with left - hand driving . ''
take deuce 's medical - grade weed and grow it with kelly 's homemade mountain blend , and they could probably occupy small countries with it .
this is some lookalike , a dead ringer on the other side of the country with a kinder , softer spirit .
the girls were heartbroken that coop and i were moving clear across the country , so the flanders and mom decided to make the move with us - although , they 'll be staying on paragon .
even though he himself most likely invented the carnival of horror overtaking the country tonight , something about sitting alone with him in the quasi - dark feels borderline perverse .
he runs the legal department at althorpe , some big advertising company that has divisions all over the country .
casper masterson had enough celestra blood in her body to make every count in the country sit up and pay attention .
i could easily get kicked out of any convent in the country wearing this short , tight , tribute to my svelte figure .
morgan made garrison university 's baseball team because he 's the best damn college player in the country .
` ` the plague runs a lot smoother when things are exactly the same in every location across the country . ''
i like the idea of leaving all my troubles behind , clear across country , and disappearing for a while .
it turns out the people in massachusetts are a lot more friendly than they are in oregon - hell , or every other part of the country , for that matter .
school starts in just a few weeks , clear across the country .
too bad oregon is about as far away as you can get from massachusetts in this country .
the truth is the entire girth of the country could clog the distance between us soon .
* * * unfortunately , skyla 's house has the appeal of a third - world country after a long , drawn out war in which they were pillaged , sacked , and efficiently destroyed .
but i know better , there 's no such thing as a coincidence , and i want to know why the hell wesley parker - paxton - is haunting the other side of the country with my face .
* * * on the calorie - laden feast our country partakes in each year , otherwise known as thanksgiving , mom had the oversight to invite the olivers along with giselle , demetri and his ridiculously endowed niece , brielle and her mother ; ethan dragged in the future carcass of chloe ; and drake brought em .
darla and brielle come in and chat up a storm with mom about the baby as if he were in another country on vacation , never once venturing to peer inside the casket to obsess over his breathing .
of course , when the time comes i 'll allow you to say good - bye to your mother - tell her you 're leaving the country and never coming back .
could ethan landon really be this big of a genius to hang chloe bishop in front of god and country right here at the east meets west glorified dance - a - thon ?
it 's really the best prenatal care in the country .
you need to move about the country , spread your wings a little . ''
i think i just decapitated chloe bishop in front of god , and country , and a thousand f**king witnesses .
since their initial tirade , they ' ve been hitting websites like e-realestate.com pretty hard with various parts of the country on display - as in moving .
she 's knows everyone in l.a . with a net worth of a small country .
it was a gift from a sultan of an oil rich country .
` ` she left the country or so the story goes . ''
it 's like the whole country will be having barbeques and lighting off fireworks in honor of your special night - forever . ''
the house looks like it belongs in another country , another time , another world .
` ` her father owns half the country . ''
i ' ve heard what you have done for our country , and you ' ve also brought the most beautiful woman to this planet - i ca n't even begin with how much respect i have for you , sir .
a fellow author , she lives on the other side of the country in virginia , but we speak almost daily .
` ` everyone in the country knows who you are , luke . ''
he flashes me his movie - star grin , the one that used to grace every magazine cover in the country , and then excuses himself when caleb , another of jules ' brothers , calls to him .
he 's also in a t - shirt and pajama pants , and when he brought me here , to his beautifully decorated bedroom , and bed the size of a small country , he 'd been tender and sweet and the perfect gentleman .
` ` every woman in this country loves this song , '' brynna informs him .
` ` new orleans is supposed to be one of the most haunted cities in the country . ''
` ` yeah , i could have bought a small third world country for what it cost me , but it 's pretty great . ''
he was once named the sexiest man alive in one of the most popular magazines in the country .
` ` you come to my condo and walk in on something you did n't even fully understand , get angry , make accusations , and then you leave the damn country .
asher and i could probably screw half the country under her roof as long we did n't lose focus .
however , she had to leave the country urgently due to a family emergency . ''
she was forced , even though she did n't wish it , to sell her family home in indiana but death duties and a bad exchange rate meant that money was practically gone before it got to the country .
` ` is it in a foreign country ? ''
this knowledge gave her a start , as it would considering there was a harrinton 's in every exclusive mall in the country .
` ` jesus , cal , it 's like moving to a new country but without the physical location changing .
there are small countries like this around the world . ''
this is our land , our country .
a life which was already pretty unbelievable , say , because it included kings of secret sects of society and enchanted castles in tiny , unknown , independent countries in the depths of scotland .
not for the first time he was understanding carm 's play of moving all the way across the country .
` ` fuck , sal , i do n't even have to see him in action to know this guy could successfully execute a one - man coup on a small south american country , '' benny stated .
` ` totally could oust a government in a small south american country . ''
did either of them brag about the fact that debbie made six figures , won the dc woman in law award twice and was asked to lecture all over the f**king country ?
he 'd travelled a lot , had an extensive and varied set of skills and people all over the country knew of him or had worked with him .
she 'd been to harley stores all over the country .
he knew denny was a computer programmer , designed some software that hospitals all over the country used and he made good money but this place said more than that .
there were only two reasons a man with a good job he liked in a town he loved would move across an entire country .
` ` she is going to lunwyn , a beautiful , snow - covered country at the very top of the northlands .
` ` the one time she can do something to help her father , help her mother , help her country instead , yet again , my sjofn creates a nightmare . ''
but king atticus was anxious for a son so the kingdom would be secure , going to sjofn 's boy rather than king atticus 's brother , baldur , who ruled middleland , the country to the south .
and they were in fits of ecstasy because their country 's only princess was in their midst , she was friendly and chatty , liked their wares and spent her husband 's coin freely .
i 'd learned from this book that also in the northlands there was the country of hawkvale , a small city state called bellebryn and another country at the south border called fleuridia .
i 'd learned from this book that also in the northlands there was the country of hawkvale , a small city state called bellebryn and another country at the south border called fleuridia .
` ` my lord , it is your due to command us and it is your duty to make such decisions about your destiny for it is known by all elves straight from keer that the destinies of frey drakkar , lord of the elves and his ice bride 's intermingle with every citizen of lunwyn and every elf who resides deep in the earth under our frosted country .
` ` this nation 's only princess fled her country for selfish reasons , thoughtlessly throwing an innocent into an unknown situation and placing her at risk .
` ` princess sjofn has done it and in so doing she betrayed her parents , which means she betrayed her king , queen and country , the house of wilde and she betrayed me .
that was , until one frey betrayed the elves , betrayed his line and betrayed his country .
i had learned that along with his lodge , his chalet , his hunting cabin , his fishing cottage and his ships , he also owned a chateau in the country of hawkvale and apartments in a city in fleuridia ( which made it more of a bummer that we were not talking and it did n't seem we ever would again because , i had to say , i would have liked to see all of these places ) .
this was because the frey who had betrayed his throne and cast the country into chaos had also sold or lost lunwyn 's many treasures and sacred relics and those that were n't sold or lost disappeared in a variety of ways in the ensuing centuries of turmoil .
i think of what she 's done to my king and my country but i also think of me .
they would no sooner betray their king , their country , their niece , '' she leaned forward , ` ` or me than they would fly to a dragon 's cave and invite his fire . ''
legend tells that all the houses were touched by the elves that have frosted our country to such beauty yet have provided abundance and they did so that the houses would lead lunwyn to prosperity .
and below the equator , there were countries , all painted in browns and creams , called korwahk , keenhak and maroo .
there would be a time to discuss what i wanted to discuss but that time was n't right before frey intended to enter a country in secret , penetrate the prince 's lover 's home and steal a priceless , ancient relic .
we 're in his waters and my husband is in his country doing something he will probably not like .
it took great courage for her to suggest betraying his country , his responsibilities and the elves .
` ` this can not be a surprise , especially considering the fact that you have exposed you have not changed as well as you expect payment at all much less the amount you do for aiding my efforts to do something as crucial , not only for our country but to my happiness , as keeping my wife alive . ''
you can rest assured , although not the worth of half the profits of a galleon filled with lunwynian waters , you will not be disappointed as my gift will indicate just how grateful i feel that , for whatever reasons , you have come forward to aid my daughter , my country 's princess and the mother of our future king . ''
` ` therefore , i must inform you that i also know that before you felt this emotion for him , and he was aware of his depth of feeling for you , in order to bind you to this land and to him for the future of this country and for his own ends as he held extreme distaste for your twin , he ordered the elves of this world to bind you here for the rest of your days at the same time he ordered that the other sjofn be bound to your world ... and your life ... for the rest of hers . ''
your parents of this world have known of all of this since your return to them after the time you spent in the country .
the good news was , with baldur still in korwahk with a good deal of the country 's soldiers , the middleland houses were weak and the lunwyn houses were not the most powerful of the northern land .
he needs to take her for rides and show her her new country .
he was angry , actually furious , not only that i was questioning his decision as dax that i not go but that i wanted to go at all considering he thought such a journey would be dangerous for me as we would be entering a neighboring country .
i also saw one ` ` patrol '' ( again , this info gleaned from diandra ) which was a troop of the horde that patrolled korwahk to keep the civilians safe from other country 's marauders or to be on the lookout for invasion .
my country 's future king . ''
` ` it is not in my land or any of the countries of the northlands , '' he muttered then his eyes caught mine .
in fact , i knew quite a bit about both considering much had happened in lunwyn ( the icy country to the far north of the continent where hawkvale was ) , the former middleland ( which had been its own country until a recent war meant it reverted back to lunwyn ) and , obviously , korwahk .
in fact , i knew quite a bit about both considering much had happened in lunwyn ( the icy country to the far north of the continent where hawkvale was ) , the former middleland ( which had been its own country until a recent war meant it reverted back to lunwyn ) and , obviously , korwahk .
for the gods of the countries of korwahk and lunwyn to speak to the witches of these places and warn them of what is happening in hawkvale , instruct them to come to our aid ... '' he trailed off .
specifically fleuridia , my favorite of the countries in the northlands .
he 's apollo ulfr of the house of ulfr of the ice country of the north - lunwyn . ''
good news for the vale , as the birth of a child always was , but an heir to the throne meant a whole country got to celebrate ( and they did , with festivities planned for a week ) .
for the gods ' sakes , he had no time to sit around waiting for a troop of guards watching over a single woman to frolic through three countries , taking double the time it should to make the journey simply because a female from another world wanted to watch laures win a challenge .
in other words , no matter what country you were in , we could just say that in this world there was definitely a line between the have and have - nots .
i 'd already learned from the guys of the recent war in which apollo and all his men fought to reunite the countries of lunwyn and middleland that had been split by a now - deceased king in order to give his twin sons land to rule .
but he 'd left me in a beautiful house in a beautiful country with kind people .
but a wardrobe befitting a lady of my house was created for you , this including apparel for a variety of occasions as well as that to wear during travel and in different countries . ''
` ` in this country , '' he began slowly , and when he did , i knew he 'd made the right one so i pulled in a soft , relieved breath .
but he was a father and she was his daughter and he could n't imagine any father happily sending his little girl two countries away to school .
unfortunately , the gabbing included meeta matter - of - factly sharing that she was from the southlands , a country called maroo , and she had been a slave .
she then shared she was captured as a young woman and taken to another country called keenhak where she was put into service against her will .
lahn is a warrior but his country in the southlands is much different than those in the northlands .
i totally looked like a fairy princess , or , at least one who lived in a country covered in ice .
` ` and on behalf of my wife , this realm 's princess , i thank you for your swift incrimination , no matter if only implied , of your own wife for our country of ice . ''
she 'd done brave things for a country that was n't even hers ( though , now it was ) , going so far as killing a man .
did cora , the gracious who was beloved across an entire country and visited children 's hospitals ( and homeless pet shelters , not to mention read to the blind ) get annoyed ?
she cried delightedly , like the queen of lunwyn had shown at her door ( and this could happen for her , the country 's princess was only a short horse ride away ) .
karsvall is in lunwyn , your country .
` ` and we 're to believe franka continues to put herself in jeopardy for kin and country ? ''
this is not for kin and country .
kieran had a great job that paid really well but he also had to move from country to country .
kieran had a great job that paid really well but he also had to move from country to country .
even though he usually did n't mind her spending , when they were travelling it annoyed him that she 'd blow half of their budget before they even left the country ( but abby could n't help it , the deals were just too good to pass up ) .
unless julia was willing to give up custody , which she obviously was not , this meant she had to quit her high - paid job , sell her home , disburse her belongings , say good - bye to her friends and family and move to a foreign country to live at sommersgate for at least the next thirteen years .
julia had done all of this without murmur , leaving the country four and a half months ago after the funerals and after the will was read , shattered from grief and jetlag , and spent the ensuing time readying herself for this change in life .
he worked long , inhuman hours , day and night , travelling from city to city , country to country , continent to continent .
he worked long , inhuman hours , day and night , travelling from city to city , country to country , continent to continent .
when she first visited them in england it was the first time she 'd left her home country .
he could n't let this woman , who was letting jetlag , unfamiliar surroundings and a highly emotional situation the like of leaving everything near and dear to her behind and starting a new life in a foreign country , lead her to strange delusions , stand in a cold hallway .
trust me , everyone in there ... '' she gestured with her cigarette to the gallery , ` ` knows who you are and why you 're here and that you are not , upon arrival in this country , being hidden away like a poor relation whose role is now nanny of her lady sister - in - law 's children .
it would have been a great way for her to get some experience , start to network , learn the ways in a different country .
` ` you 'll have the protection of my name and thus status over my mother , the children will have a stable family unit , you 'll have freedom to live and work in this country as long as you please and - '' ` ` why ? ''
` ` not that i would mind nocturnal visits from gunshot victims or having firearms mistakenly levelled at me in dark hallways ... '' she paused , straightened and skewered him with a look , ` ` if i lived in some war - torn , third - world country and you were a rebel fighting for our freedom against the nasty federales ! ''
he nodded gravely , as if he needed to be put in her will and did n't have enough money to buy a small country .
she took this knowledge and went straight to work for customs and immigration , trying to help struggling , poverty stricken foreigners in their efforts to get into the country .
miles had told her james could n't attend because of some business in slovakia or bosnia or some country ending in ` ` ia '' .
calvin cole , belle bennett 's estranged ex - husband , was unattainable for comment and it is thought he 's left the country .
hell , there were likely women across the country who would do it .
he kept in shape by running , a lot , sometimes traveling around the country to do marathons .
his family has been in this country for three generations .
i 'd have to leave the country , maybe go to canada , mexico , disappear and stay gone for a good long time , maybe forever .
my baby girl is moving halfway across the country . ''
are we talking another state , another country , another continent ? ''
` ` they trained me and sent me on assignments , mostly out of the country .
` ` but i will say it does provide you with an acceptable pass on being a bears fan in broncos country . ''
hell , he could buy a small country .
the next day he was laughed out of the country .
the running joke was if newberry and co. ever decided to start selling coffee , the entire country would boycott .
just think - a brit born in america , coming home to her beloved country to marry the heir to the dukedom .
` ` our story now takes us across the atlantic to the tiny country of england .
too bad she had fled the country soon after and now lived quite comfortably in france .
` ` what is it in your country ?
my eyes were swollen , my bags packed like i was fleeing the country , and , of course , in my current state of distress i had n't even realized that i had sweats on and no makeup .
i 'd actually smiled at the idea , then i 'd at least get to call peter and bitch about the fact that seaside was like a third world country - even though technically i was in portland , and it was a buzzing metropolis .
devil take me , i ' ve just helped a runaway princess flee the country . ''
we are returning to the country .
` ` yes , and i ' m a duke and this is not her country .
` ` if i do n't marry , then i can not inherit the throne and take back the country from my stepmother . ''
` ` is this the same princess that seems to be sweeping our humble country by storm ? ''
as he slowly ascended the stairs to his rooms , bypassing all of the royal guard , who had naturally fallen asleep as they stood watch , he could not help but wonder if the story would end the same way it had begun - with him fleeing the country , broken heart in hand .
if he believed her to be with ash , they 'd be forced to marry , and then she 'd lose her country - not that she had n't entertained the thought , but she was n't sure yet , was n't sure ash loved her as much as she loved him .
` ` i love you more than my country ... more than my people .
` ` i ' m saying goodbye ... '' ` ` if you return to your country , you 'll die . ''
the one you go by when you 're out spreading your legs for god and country . ''
his music was currently all the rage throughout the country ; a new dance had even been made in their honor .
the subject of his grandfather was not something he desired to pursue , even if his grandfather by marriage had been one of the best spies the country had ever seen .
but if this was the only way to be sure her family and her country were safe , she would do it .
but was he desperate enough to betray his country ?
redding seemed innocent enough , and did n't seem the type to betray his country for money he clearly did not need .
` ` a man has to do things he 'd rather not do , for the sake of his country , yes ? ''
after their discussion in the carriage , he wanted nothing more than to take the first ship out of port and find himself in a foreign country .
ash left the country in grief , never exposing me , for he felt the accident was his fault - and you , you continued to work for the war office , allowing me to use you as a pawn for the perfect crime . ''
she often entertained royalty from other countries and on the night of a party , she entertained some of russia 's royalty .
he rarely goes back to his country , rather he favors rusticating , or as i like to put it , molding away here in belgium . ''
` ` i did it for god and country ? ''
ca n't imagine why the man would live in that foreign country with nothing but that blasted piano as his mistress .
` ` your grace , if trapping a woman through sweets is another one of your ways of seduction , you are without a doubt the worst seducer to grace the country . ''
i left the country to escape living in hell .
` ` leaving the country was a little extreme , was it not ? ''
ai n't no way you 're getting out of the country alive , shit , they 'd all die in order to kill you .
` ` going from country to country , traveling all over the world , not because you have a hit on you , but because you want to see the girl you love smile in every country god ever created . ''
` ` going from country to country , traveling all over the world , not because you have a hit on you , but because you want to see the girl you love smile in every country god ever created . ''
it had been years since the nicolasi family had decided to visit and we were n't exactly on great terms after my father all but kicked them out of the country .
mo abandonato , twin to one of the most powerful mob bosses in the country , in love with the freaking godfather , daughter to a slain bastard and best friend to the de langes , i popped my neck , the alferos , and the nicolasis .
tell me your family is n't hell - bent on flushing every last member of our families out of the country .
but if that mother emigrated far from her native country , if she passed away long before she could find a new circle of witches , and she had only male relatives to survive her , men who could never have been told anything about the existence of witchcraft ... '' her father had told them the story .
if i can break into that before i leave the country , great .
` ` free country .
i only had eight hundred and fifty - five dollars saved up , but i could get a bus ticket to the other side of the country and get a job .
she was n't as skinny as veronica and candy , but hell , people in third world countries were heavier than they were .
he has gone out of his way to keep dina safe and comfortable in various safe - houses across the country , all because she means so much to me , but risking all of us like this just to save her from her kidnapper is out of character for him .
niklas is still gone and none us have seen him or heard from him - he could be in another country , or living in the back of a bar somewhere nearby , and either would be believable .
` ` but do n't leave the country , '' victor calls out before fredrik leaves .
until he 'd ruined the plan by saying the dead warriors would plunder , pillage , and ravage their way across the country once she lost her control over them ...
` ` it is certainly an intriguing country , '' gideon agreed .
` ` as i said , i was there long ago , '' he replied , wishing he could share his delight of the exotic country .
` ` you look like you should be invading a small country . ''
it was a sordid business that attracted every decadent , demented slime ball in the country .
i ' ve heard italy is a beautiful country . ''
turns out that vampires live in huge , elegant estates with iron gates , hidden cameras , vampire security guards , and a freaking lawn that was bigger than most third world countries .
we crisscrossed the country a hundred times . ''
` ` she was my dearest friend when we were both just children in the old country . ''
she 'd also tugged her hair into a simple knot at her nape to keep it from being caught on the nasty trees and bushes that cluttered the godforsaken country .
the place was big enough to lodge a small country .
one minute she 'd been upstairs and the next she was halfway across the country .
she 'd been zapped around the country by yannah for the past three weeks , she had n't had to consider transportation .
he 'd been mated to sally barely a month , but in that time she 'd gone from a human witch with a talent for black magic , to a demon who could not only compel a vampire clan chief to do her bidding , but could create a portal to haul three people across the country .
never mind greece or thailand , i 'd just love to visit the other side of this country . ''
it was national ' take your child to work day ' , and workplaces all across the country were participating .
the spots were coveted , people came from other countries just to be here today .
she would be the first choice of any college in the country . ''
outside the country ? ''
hell , not even in the same country .
even my experience of aviary , the country of hawks , was limited - not to speak of all the other hundreds of territories ruled by different supernatural races .
how the hell was he going to keep his hands off her while they traveled the country together in his tour bus ?
` ` when he made up his mind that he could most definitely deal with the circus , he was suddenly showing up at all of my shows all over the country .
` ` did your brothers or sisters leave the country , too ? ''
his eyes were warm as he said to her , ` ` tell me about the country you were born in so i can hear it some more . ''
she 'd never taken a lover to her country , had never stolen a kiss with someone in a shadowed alley that had been there since medieval times while the bells of the church chimed above them .
* * * spending time with his family had always been jack 's favorite pastime , especially when , as adults , his brothers ' jobs and moves around the country meant they did n't get to see each other nearly enough .
she loved her parents , but they could be a tad overbearing , even from across the country .
fortunately , after her bleary - eyed flight across the country , immediately upon landing she 'd put on her sunglasses to deal with the blinding sunlight pouring in through her small airplane window .
` ` so if you have a degree in finance from one of the best universities in the country and only bought your farm three years ago , what were you doing for all the time in between ? ''
alone in another country .
most women , she knew , would be thrilled to put on a stunning couture dress made by one of the top designers in the world and to slip their feet into heels that cost more than the average month 's rent in most places around the country .
but she 'd never actually put it all together into what his life must be like now , had never compared her transient life with her ex - husband as they traveled between artists ' colonies in various countries with ryan 's top - flight life as a bona fide celebrity athlete .
the past few days she 'd gotten used to ignoring the calls from reporters and bloggers , but when she recognized the italian country code , she knew she had to pick up .
he was n't fighting for our country .
not someone who 's on a different plane every week to another state , another country , another hemisphere .
` ` so , nico , what 's next on your plate to conquer now that you ' ve got the number one single in the country and a sold - out tour ? ''
marcus racked up the miles on buses and planes as nicola played dozens of dates on the first leg of her u.s . concert tour and he commuted back and forth between napa valley and whatever part of the country the woman he loved was in .
` ` this is such an incredible part of the country , '' she said .
some of the best bloodlines in the country are under our roof and i wo n't let you bring a beast like that into their midst . ''
he was a maverick , a national sports presence , the former captain of the olympic equestrian team , a multiple gold medal winner and one of the best show jumpers the country had ever produced .
in two months , the best jumpers in the country would be competing for spots on a team destined to face the top riders in europe .
it was what people did at nine a.m. all over the country .
so why the hell was he not , at this very moment , dragging himself to manhattan , getting his cache , and hitting the road for parts and countries unknown ?
they 're just hard to talk to about anything other than their beliefs - and they leave the country a lot to go on missionary trips .
middle of the country , actually . ''
they leave the country a lot . ''
an unwanted burden shuffled from home to orphanage until he 'd entered the bloodletter 's training camp back in the old country .
the brotherhood must have appropriately guessed that none of the band of bastards were mated , and that sooner or later , in this new land , they would require what they had had a sufficiency of in the old country .
back in the old country , there had been enough females to be of service when needs must .
as the eldest surviving male of your bloodline , you ' ve been on the council roster , but recorded as inactive because you stayed in the old country .
after his birth mahmen had shunned him , he had been dropped at an orphanage in the old country and left for whatever fate befell him .
it was a free f**king country , and if she wanted to be out here on public property , she was allowed .
` ` back in the old country , provisions were made for affronts against one 's reputation .
stalking up the narrow staircase , he missed the doom and gloom of the castle they still owned back in the old country .
back in the old country , he and his band of bastards had kept the speculations and myths going by showing themselves from time to time , always to individuals , and ever in ways that fit the misconceptions that humans had of the species .
she 's not even in that station , that town , or that part of whatever country your metaphor lives in . ''
in the old country , there had been no physicians of the race available for him and his cousins .
staring up at it through the winter night , saxton was reminded of exactly why his father had purchased the estate when some alumnus had left it to union college - it was the old country in the new world , home away from the motherland .
he had seen an oil painting of the majestic female back in the old country , and even distilled through paint and age , the saturnine ruby and its counterparts had had a resplendence that would destroy the pretense before him .
he did not ask her for confirmation that the brotherhood 's hidden compound was in fact at the top - for that information , he relied on the same principles that had constructed his far more appropriate lair back in the old country .
` ` they were part of the treasury from back in the old country .
but our life in the old country sufficed for many years , so i fail to see why the king 's identity should be of such concern for you . ''
they 're spread all over the country now , and they all love each other like crazy .
why chase my family across the country ? ''
` ` the smartest kids in the country , '' asher said .
i ' m not betraying my country . ''
branston runs your country .
the one who wins the most fights will represent nick 's and fight against the best nine fighters in the country . ''
he had a lot of movie releases in other countries . ''
` ` and you 're the girl that accepted a job with a strange guy and moved across the country . ''
` ` our country has such a rich and deep history .
i was expecting some country .
she told me she was leaving the country for a couple of months .
leeza had been upset that we were leaving the country , so zane had gotten her a first class ticket back to miami and given her a check for $ 5000 to make up for her vacation being cut short .
she was most probably in some arabic country servicing some sheikh , or maybe she was in asia somewhere as a concubine .
maybe she 's somewhere in another country ? ''
` ` she 's not in another country . ''
joey 's friend was some guy from russia or some eastern european country , and he was one of the biggest criminals in the world .
he wanted everyone to see that his son had returned from war , from serving his country .
i had to go away and fight for my country and if i died , that would have been the least i could have done to atone for what i had done .
a king and queen of an entire country .
` ` i only said that to mean that english children would grow up with that knowledge because it was their country that tried to take over the world .
` ` it 's easier , we 're going to a different country . ''
` ` we 're traveling to a different country to go to a ball ? ''
` ` so we 're flying on a private jet to another country just for a ` ` fun '' night . ''
` ` it 's a small country that was founded a thousand years ago . ''
` ` in my country , it is not becoming for a woman to walk around the streets by herself at night . ''
` ` we 're not in your country . ''
i pulled my hand away from him , wanting to ask what country he was from but not wanting to be nosy and give him the satisfaction of knowing that i was interested .
if you were in my country right now , i 'd ... '' he paused and leaned towards me .
he definitely had an english accent , but i was n't sure why he would be in this program if he were from the country .
` ` i ' m from a small country near belgium .
maybe they were from a family or country where it was important to have people carry on their names .
i did go to school here , but i still carry the tint of accent from my country . ''
` ` what is the name of your country ? ''
i have enough people trying to take care of me back in my country .
` ` the country i come from is called romerius . ''
` ` he 's gone back to my country . ''
` ` that 's quite literally your country is n't , it ?
we have to go to show my parents and the country that we are in a relationship . ''
i stared out of the window eagerly , wanting to see everything i could of his country as early as i could .
we 're in my country now . ''
` ` that 's halfway across the country , '' she said , stunned .
` ` hello , '' he said with a voice that everyone in the country would recognize .
` ` we have many homes across the country , but the one in somerset is by far the most lavish . ''
you , my dear , will be the most powerful girl in the country .
originally jameson , greyson 's older brother , had been set to inherit the country .
after only eleven days of training , i was expected to step into a pair of the most closely watched shoes in the country , and i had to be flawless .
` ` welcome to the best hunting grounds in the entire country . ''
` ` we needed a way to help average out the country , '' said daxton once it was clear i was n't going to answer .
lila had one of the most famous faces in the country .
` ` in what looks to be a coordinated effort , seventeen government buildings have been bombed in various cities across the country , including three in the district of columbia .
` ` but we can do this without bloodshed and with the country on our side the moment we tell them lila 's dead . ''
daxton was due to travel across the country the next day now that lockdown was over , and if i wanted to do this , it had to be now .
i also remember what the country was like before the harts worked miracles to stabilize it .
if augusta really did feel she had to sacrifice her granddaughter to keep the country stable- what sort of person could do that ?
so much so that she 'd turned a stranger into the most powerful man in the country so greyson would n't be an orphan , too .
` ` revenge or not , having greyson in power will still give augusta a direct line to the pulse of the country , '' she said .
new york city was unlike d.c . in so many ways that at first i wondered if we were still in the same country .
` ` it 's the biggest city in the country , '' said knox .
was this what the rest of the country looked like ?
` ` the entire country uses it . ''
lila thought a complete overhaul of the country 's political structure would lead to utopia .
would celia have taken greyson someplace only a mile from somerset when the entire country was looking for him ?
whether or not half the country was convinced lila was some kind of divine savior , she was still a hart .
` ` you really thought she would hand the country over to you ? ''
` ` the end of the year is coming up quickly , and the country needs to move on .
` ` you 're telling me that a greek god just happened to build a manor in the middle of the woods in a country halfway across the world ? ''
` ` i have homes in many countries , including greece , but i favor the solitude here .
with the man 's violent past and strong ties to the most extreme anti - american factions of the venezuelan government , it surprised alex that he had been allowed into the country at all .
you fly all over the country listening to bands . ''
` ` why do n't you go grab isobel 's uncle , confiscate all his stuff and ship him out of the country ? ''
your choices are wearing that vest or me shoving you in the back of a van and shuttling you clear across the country with me . ''
he left the country often and stayed sometimes for several days , sometimes for a couple of weeks .
across the country , as far as i can take us .
others had a small casino that doubled as a motel or an old - style theater with the marquee advertising a movie - usually not a new release by the rest of the country 's standards .
we have plenty of opportunity in this country . ''
` ` i think a woman does n't plead with a complete stranger to take her and her son across the country unless she has no other choice . ''
she 's rebuilt her life , while you 're traipsing all over the country , living in motels .
but they 'd decided to leave the dog with preston 's mother rather than bring him into bear country .
but after what madison just did for that child , i do n't think there 's a court in the country that would take brianna away . ''
remembering that she did n't want to upset anyone , that she was living in this country only by the grace of god and would be sent back to utter hopelessness if anyone turned her in , she averted her eyes to hide her flare of temper .
that meant it was los posadas , the first of the nine days of candlelight processions in her country , where children and adults alike carried the statues of saints through the streets to reenact the holy family 's quest for lodging in bethlehem .
the poorest person she 'd met in this country would ' ve been rich as a king in her village , so she felt quite confident that these two men had never been through anything remotely similar to what she had .
they 'd never been unwanted visitors in a foreign country , had never slept in the street or begged ride after ride with strangers .
she would not represent her country or her family this way !
maybe she was breaking the law by staying in this country , but she 'd come here legally .
states were similar to ` ` departments '' in her country , were n't they ?
and maybe there was a good reason she 'd left her own country .
a lot of people in her country did , too .
he considered it a bonus that his caregiver would be able to communicate with his children and teach them spanish , since he frequently traveled to spanish - speaking countries .
old , weather - beaten buildings soldiered on amid the typical fast - food joints seen everywhere else in the country .
when she 'd arrived at the prison to get him , she would ' ve been told that someone else had picked him up and that was all she could know until wallace had her safely tucked away , with a new identity , somewhere else in the country .
for all we know , she could be halfway across the country . ''
one of the largest and oldest isolation facilities in the country , pelican bay 's shu housed more than twelve hundred men in gray cells made almost entirely of concrete - the bed , the chair , the desk , everything except the stainless - steel combination toilet and sink .
we have brand - new identities and we 're living on the opposite side of the country . ''
then he 'd steal a car , sneak over the canadian border and get lost in a whole other country .
if i have to hunt you across the entire country , i 'll be there someday when you least expect it . ''
maybe if that american disappeared while out of the country .
that 's not like saying you 'll be moving across the country . ''
he 'd made it through six years in the military , fighting in some of the worst hot spots in the middle east without taking a bullet , only to be mangled by dogs in his own country .
skip would take alexa away , even if it meant he had to steal her and go into hiding in some foreign country .
and it 's a free country .
until they came to whiskey creek , she and presley had been dragged through almost every state in the western half of the country .
adding ' gold country 's only haunted bed - and - breakfast , ' softens the darkness of it . ''
` ` we should live a few weeks here and a few weeks there - preferably out of the country as much as possible .
` ` in which country ?
obviously it had taken him to many different countries .
` ` you 're going across the entire country ? ''
they had , no doubt , come from mexico or some other country and looked comfortable .
he was leaving the country in two weeks , anyway .
` ` but the connection you 're looking for could be clear across the country .
apparently that song was still popular in some parts of the country .
` ` someone who knows the laws we live by in this country . ''
in the past year and a half , you ' ve traveled all over the country , talking to various people , researching leads .
he 'd flown all over the country tracking down everyone malcolm had ever known , including malcolm 's first wife .
his kids inherited , of course , but they 're spread out across the country .
there was stil a chance she could put her life back together without having to leave the country .
while riding in jerry 's semi and envisioning her return to the country of her birth , she had n't expected to miss it -- but she knew better now .
skye had come halfway across the country , motivated by love and concern , and she could n't even act grateful .
they lived across the country from each other , and she had no idea how they 'd work out the logistics .
she knew next to nothing about new orleans , had no contacts in this part of the country .
the plane had been cramped and overheated and the flight had cost her a full day , dumping her halfway across the country after dinnertime .
what are you doing in cajun country ? ''
he had his truck driver scouts find children throughout the country , kids who matched the ` ` wants '' of potential parents gathered through a network of adoption attorneys .
` ` sacramento 's clear across the country .
` ` what made you choose cajun country for a christmas vacation ? ''
` ` much as i 'd love you to meet someone , i would n't want you to move halfway across the country .
if anything happened to her suitcase , she 'd be stuck halfway across the country with a barely working computer and the cash she 'd picked up at western union , but nothing more .
he claimed he 'd retire soon and leave the country , get him an island girl and spend the rest of his life in some tropical paradise , and gruber believed he would .
` ` but the man who frightens me most probably still lives across the country .
jasmine used smoked as a teenager , back when she was hitchhiking across the country to escape the small town where she 'd been raised .
was he caught up in the same kind of thing that had caused that woman astronaut to drive across the country to kill her rival ?
` ` i want you home at night instead of flying all over the country . ''
two families that existed in different parts of the country .
but isaac had been out of the country for much of the past three years .
after the fame he 'd known , he 'd have to leave the country to escape recognition .
she just could n't wait to start traveling across the country , living the high life on my father 's money . ''
wranglers were considered high fashion in this part of the country .
` ` ... we have two of the best stallions in the country right here ... .
it would save us plane fare , and it 'd be just as good as going halfway across the country .
she has no family in this part of the country and her boyfriend is in jail .
you can head on to tucson or l.a . or wherever else and bleed this country dry just like all your wetback relatives who ' ve snuck over the border before you .
` ` this oughta teach you spic cockroaches to stay in your own damn country , '' he ground out , and pulled the trigger .
he might even have lost his job to someone who was n't supposed to be in the country . ''
i may not be happy about droves of people entering this country illegally , but that does n't mean i want to see them murdered . ''
` ` but you 're not supposed to leave the country ! ''
she waved in the direction of the tall metal fence dividing the two countries , but everyone knew the fence was virtually nonexistent in some places .
they might not believe she 'd acted in self - defense , and the fact that she 'd brought a weapon into the country would n't be a point in her favor .
only when she was in line to get out of the country did she pull her shirt down to cover her weapon .
when he told other americans he 'd grown up poor , they had no idea he was talking about the kind of poverty found in third - world countries like the one his mother had escaped .
he would n't do anything to bring them into the country . ''
in this part of the country , homes that were closed up during the summer , without a few open windows to allow for an exchange of air , could be sweltering .
` ` not in this country , '' nate said quietly .
` ` this country is n't as tolerant as you might think .
after that , she had to move across the country and live with her father . ''
and here i was , clear across the country , having the time of my life .
when nyu called from across the country offering to pay my entire tuition - as well as a monthly stipend for living expenses - he even threw a party to celebrate .
as if china were n't the most populous country in the world .
middle of the country .
her own country , with a castle in it and horses to ride and beehives in the trees , dripping honey .
josh is directly behind me , and when i turn my head to reply , his own smile is lopsided - unquestionably flirtatious - and i can no longer remember my name or my country or even my place in the universe .
it 's against school rules to leave the city without permission , never mind the entire country .
` ` out of the country . ''
he begins travelling to other countries every weekend - in secret and alone - separating himself from his friends before they can do it to him .
the french athletes are the stars of the posters , naturally , but a few of the biggest names from other countries have also made the cut .
` ` because they live in another country . ''
the spirit of the events - of being in the host country - is thrilling .
` ` all new citizens have been polled and they love their new country . ''
if you do not have sex with me in the park today , you 'll be sent packing back to the country of your forefathers . ''
` ` what country is that then rhett ? ''
these rich men send a bunch of idiots on a quest around the country and place bets on what they think will happen . ''
` ` so do you think this is a deserted island , or are we at the edge of some primitive country ? ''
` ` many caribbean countries have waterfalls . ''
some are silly , pompous and far too enamored with their titles and the art of war , but some truly love their people and care for the well - being of their country .
they did n't have to deal with his endless stream of instructions on how to impersonate a girl i hated , nor did they have to pretend to love him in front of the entire country when we spent most days in a constant tug of war .
it had been after an exhausting night and day , when augusta hart , daxton 's mother and the real iron fist around the country , had tried to not only kill me and lila , but benjy , too .
i was already behind enough - immediately after augusta had died , knox and the blackcoats had seized the opportunity and sent me around to several cities across the country to rally supporters while daxton was still too busy recovering to pay close attention .
scour the entire country .
and as soon as they discovered what had happened , my education about the real horrors of the country had begun .
if i could n't do that - the one thing that might save me from dying alone in the woods , hunted by the madman who ran the country - then in that moment , i decided i would do one last thing with the time i had left : figure out why she was keeping my secret from mercer .
the only difference between you and daxton hart is that he has an entire country behind him , and you have a few dozen supporters who have n't yet realized you 'll only care about them as long as they can do something for you . ''
the one who had put the ranking system into place and , according to augusta , saved the country from economic ruin .
elsewhere against the rest of the country ? ''
` ` ideally , by the time my father 's generation is dead , we would like to see the country returned to some form of democracy , where the people decide on issues and a majority rules .
we ca n't have one , not without throwing the country into chaos all over again and creating an opening for another form of government that will only repress the people even more .
i ' m pretty sure the entire country does by now . ''
because of this defeat , our duke was forced to accept the treaty of verger , the terms of which are favorable to the french and make it difficult for our country to maintain its independence . ''
` ` your concern for our country is admirable , and it is true that few are as committed as you . ''
` ` i have served my country in more ways than you can imagine , and i serve it still .
that was how he came to work for us , as a means of earning his way back into his country 's good graces . ''
during the mad war , it was his bravery that inflamed the imaginations and hearts of the peasantry and moved them to take up whatever arms they could find - pitchforks , poleaxes , shovels , scythes - and drive the french out of our country .
gone is the travelstained man i journeyed across the country with .
if they can create discord within our ranks , they will cheerfully do so and use that as a justification to help themselves to our country .
she has been too long in the country .
the french are breathing down our necks , and there are very few options open to her that do not either plunge her country into war or consign her to a marriage too horrible to consider .
` ` because the priest here still makes prayers and offerings to the old saints and i can be certain he is loyal to his country .
your very country is at stake . ''
if she is old enough to rule a country , certainly she is old enough to marry . ''
` ` i am saint sent to aid our duchess and our country , marshal rieux .
there is a long , stunned silence as we realize our country has once again been invaded .
even though half of them have betrayed their country , in death they are naught but dying men , their lives leaching out of them to water the grass .
she raises her young , clear voice and speaks the ancient words that all the rulers of brittany have spoken and promises to guard the privileges and liberty of both the nobility and the common people of her country .
they see our country as ripe for the plucking and are looking for any chance to do just that . ''
with the abbess tucked away at the convent on the other side of the country , she will not know that i have arrived in rennes until she receives a message .
some spoiled noblewoman playing at helping her country ?
` ` because i had to get your maggoty carcass from one end of the country to the other .
he has not invaded our country , nor does he serve d'albret .
` ` no , there are so many men - at - arms in the city , all from such scattered parts of the country , and not all are known to me .
and by then , d'albret will either have won or been defeated , the direction of the war and our country determined .
when our country is threatened by civil war and risking outright invasion ? ''
i will use every talent at my disposal to serve mortain and our country in this most dire time . ''
there are too many real problems that threaten to destroy the very fabric of our country and our faith .
he is rumored to be the fiercest warrior our country has ever known .
to serve our god and serve our country with every shred of skill and intelligence we possess .
there are few villages or towns on the road between rennes and guerande , and it is sparsely traveled , especially with the threat of french invasion hanging over the country .
` ` your grace , it was but a play to force you to do what i thought best for you and the country .
i can not help but think it is a frighteningly apt description of what count d'albret has done to our country .
that is why i have left the convent and ridden one hundred and twenty leagues across the country .
and so i lay out my plan before her , explaining the old power contained in the arrow and how it could be wielded for the country 's advantage .
together we could decide what would be best for the convent and the country and we could steer the others to fulfill those plans . ''
it is odd , seeing them in the same room as the duchess 's formal councilors , yet it feels right that all of the country 's forces , both the old and the new , should come together to find a way to turn the tides of war from our land .
` ` you can give your life for your country but i can not give my life for yours ? ''
she is utterly surrounded ; her country is in our hands .
she could hear it from across the country and fifteen years away .
` ` that boy drove halfway across the country in one day ; i do n't think he even stopped for coffee .
flying across the country to reunite with your true love was always the right move .
` ` they act like we 're going across the country , and are never going to see them again . ''
there were times i just wanted to pack up all my shit and hit the road , just the two of us , and not stop until we were across the country .
if i did what she 'd done i 'd move across the god damn country .
she was invited around the country to play .
` ` if you were a country , '' i said , ` ` what would your national anthem be ? ''
the basic act of considering a local distance in terms of east , west , north , and south was bizarre to me ; those words , i felt , should be used to describe coasts or countries , not a place two blocks over and one block up .
briefly , he touched her shoulder because comfort was a foreign country to him .
even though this was n't a country or a planet , it was still their world .
what do i have to do , flee the country ? ''
i already had a distinct size advantage on the guy ; throw in the fact that i was a soldier who 'd been battle - hardened and trained by the country 's best , and it got nasty and bloody fast .
the people in it were always there to remind me what i was fighting for , who i was supposed to be keeping the country safe for . ''
faith was the one person i always relied on , who was always there for me even when i lived half a country away .
i said it not to brag , but just because it 's always amazed me that one of the best schools in the country is a little over an hour away and not more students from healy attend or even apply .
` ` i ' m convinced that i could buy a small country with it . ''
bryant , my only real close friend , moved clear across the country a few days before school got out .
` ` that is n't fair to you after you flew across the country to see me . ''
we can drive to the next state and then maybe leave the country , if lola has her passport .
we 're leaving the country ? ''
but it 's a four - month program where i 'd be on the road , in different countries .
let alone moving across the country with him . ''
` ` i know that , but i just ca n't move across the country , '' i say , folding my arms .
plus , there 'd be almost a country 's worth of distance between us .
girls across the country probably passed notes like this every day .
this school has one of the best cheerleading programs in the country , i told him .
given the fact that bayport was one of the richest school districts in the country , everyone in this room could just as easily have been auditioning for a television show called lifestyles of the rich and bitchy .
judging from her demeanor , i could only guess that brooke probably ruled over a small country somewhere in the quad .
as i walked over to hand him the finished product , all i could think was the things i do for my country .
apparently , several of their lead executives have fled the country . ''
the reason callum had called it the last time was because the man had been hunting across the country , in and out of different territories , for years .
even with the addition of the six females in my pack who had been born human , there were fewer than two dozen female weres in the country .
more than a third of the female werewolves in the country were members of my pack , and if anyone else had been in possession of a female were in that age range , they almost certainly would have kept her close to home .
sora had been a part of callum 's life longer than the united states had been a country , longer than any human would ever live .
one : he was a purebred werewolf , one of a relatively small number in the country who 'd been born to two werewolf parents instead of just one .
his voice took on that odd , old - fashioned lilt he sometimes adopted , a mere remnant of the accent he 'd had before coming to this country .
she asked , like we might have held up a gas station and gone on a crime spree across the country , all in the span of just a few hours .
but that still left a quarter of the country .
` ` ... miscarriage ... '' ` ` ... five in the entire country !
to keep up with the charade , i sat across from him , discussing the economy and what it would be like to live in another country .
with her living out of the country , we 'd never freaking find her . ''
if we have to leave the country , we will . ''
if anyone had a secret past it was him , seeing as he was in the country illegally .
now , on top of everything , i was going to be in another country for a long period of time .
had we traveled out of the country ?
if we have to leave the damn country , we will . ''
maybe i needed to move to another country where nobody knew me .
i may be from the country but it ai nt the ice age darlin ' .
i was pretty sure he did n't have legal papers to be in the country .
` ` yes , but he 's having an affair with the next door neighbor , so unless you can come up with a way to make her disappear or move to another country , i ca n't go that route . ''
ever since branch and i decided to go public , brooks had been throwing himself at anything that walked , claiming he was finally ' free to roam about the country ' .
` ` i want to be able to give back to our country , kat . ''
we 'd done everything together our whole lives and i was n't about to start changing things because he was out there defending our country .
it broke my heart , but i knew he was in another country , risking his life and wishing he 'd never known me .
it 's one of the most popular in the country . ''
i assume from it coming from another country that one got held up , or the mail man was a really nice guy , holding out in hopes to catch me .
for as long as i lived , i was going to teach her about her daddy , and the hero that he was to his country and especially to me .
` ` you were in another country .
would you have escaped the country just to get court marshaled and ordered back ?
living in another country was hard .
they kept thanking me for risking my life for my country .
before i left the country and tried to put her behind me , i needed her to know the truth , not about the pictures , but about what she meant to me .
` ` why would you go to another country to live ?
getting settled in another country was a bit confusing .
she 'd traveled on a plane to another country to hunt me down and profess her feelings for me , even when she had no idea how i would react .
my parents will flip when they find out that i ditched school to leave the country . ''
i shook my head , knowing damn well i was n't okay with her being in another country .
chapter 14 skylar it would have been easier to move to another country ; mack did n't give up easily .
next thing we know , he 's takin ' a job in italy and leavin ' the country .
for this dude to leave the country , he 's got to have it bad for her .
not only had i not told my parents that i 'd left the country , but i also had n't called shayne to tell him i 'd arrived safely .
your brother had to leave the country to see it .
i ' m not goin ' to leave the country like joey .
at least when i 'd started going to mythos i had n't had to move across the country or anything .
it 's only been a few hours , so the reapers probably have n't had a chance to smuggle preston out of the country yet so he can be reunited with his parents , wherever they 're hiding . ''
apparently , his dad did a lot of business with wineries in north carolina and the surrounding states , and mr . callahan was always traveling back and forth from one side of the country to the other .
the west course of westchester country club was one of his all - time favorites .
i ' m an american who was taken from my home country , and a nice stranger rescued me from a brothel , and i 'd really , really like to go home .
i need some other way to get out of this country .
` ` i thought big sky country referred to montana . ''
when i first started out in mercenary work , i had n't realized how important false identities were - being able to change your name and move throughout countries with ease is something of a necessity in my line of work .
a few hundred miles in the middle of texas was all that was left of the large country my parents knew as children .
for a time , this song played on every radio station in the country , and it made me loathe music with a passion - hell , the mere thought of it angers me all over again .
` ` the agent managed to get the camera out of the country .
there were a few others , equally well disguised , scattered around the country .
the planes landing and taking off on the runway bore the logos of nations from every part of the globe , including a few from countries that would have been unfamiliar to most people living outside the south pacific .
the house had been done in the spanish colonial villa style , complete with red tile roof , that was so popular in this part of the country .
her english was accented with traces of a language that had its roots in a country that had once taken directions from moscow .
worst - case scenario is that you get out on bail and leave the country .
` ` he told me that he was like a modern - day harry houdini who traveled around the country , exposing the frauds .
` ` stop and think about what might happen if you go around the country trying to reopen murder investigations in a reality tv format .
to date , foreign rights for her novels have sold to seventeen different countries .
officially all countries of the west continent abided by an agreement that limited how far the human body could be twisted by magic .
travelling through the weird meant crossing four countries , impossible without a wyvern .
` ` the greatness of this country lies in its people .
the future of this town , not to mention the whole country , is hanging in the balance . ''
because you live here in this country and its laws apply to you no matter how much magic you have .
` ` there are eight animator houses in the country , '' augustine said .
there are two of them in the country , and they 're both on the west coast .
he 'd fought for this country and the safety of its people because he believed in it and in them .
it unleashed a full barrage of the spectacular special effects that make storms in that part of the country famous .
she outshot him by a country mile .
he and his father researched roller coasters from one end of the country to the other , selecting the most exotic and most exciting scream machines , and then planned trips around them .
` ` no , '' ellis said , ` ` because the cases were scattered all across the country .
` ` i thought you said scargill used people who lived in various places around the country .
tonight , fearful that the investigation was closing in on her , amelia kidnapped isabel with the goal of exchanging her for an airline ticket and guaranteed safe passage out of the country .
did you try your hand at smuggling refugees out of some hole - in - the - wall country again ?
` ` tests which never got carried out because i packed up and left the country . ''
for the past few years he 's been working out of the country a great deal .
understand you were out of the country for a while . ''
` ` there have never been very many places in the country where someone who thought he had psychic powers could get himself tested , '' jonas continued .
` ` this is n't a rental , and fletcher consulting is located back in d.c . do n't tell me you drove all the way across the country . ''
you 're a foreigner in this country and people remembered the nice [ _ gringa _ ] with the big hazel eyes and the lousy spanish .
the airplane was the means , by which judd raven eventually planned to get her out of the country .
u.s . companies operating abroad often do n't know the first thing about doing business in a foreign country , especially an asian or southeast asian country .
u.s . companies operating abroad often do n't know the first thing about doing business in a foreign country , especially an asian or southeast asian country .
then there was the possibility of making a scene at the border when they landed to go through customs , assuming judd did n't intend to try to sneak her back into the country by avoiding port of entry airports .
praget is out of the country but they 'll pick him up as soon as he sets foot back on u.s . soil .
not in this country ! ''
and i love the blend of cultures in this part of the country .
i grew up in the northeast , but for as long as i can remember there 's been a certain pull about this part of the country . ''
i managed to slip into the country on a fake passport but i seem to be having a little trouble finding a way out .
i had to return to hong kong to finish some business there , so after we lined raven up i left the country . ''
why did my connection warn me about using my real passport to get into the country ?
the shields thought they had cleaned out the area but it 's difficult to sack prisma in this kind of country .
for whatever reason , the organization , or what 's left of it , appears to be based on this side of the country . ''
` ` lot of country between washington and arizona . ''
you 're always in some crazy country or another . ''
but i tend to stay in whatever country i ' m in for a week after my assignment is over for pleasure . ''
they were living in the same country now .
but- '' ` ` no matter what , you knew this week ended with you on the other side of the country .
i was young , and i was due to leave the country in a few days .
and once mr . anderson said , very softly , it 's like looking at another country from very far away .
perhaps he would ring gary , his agent in la , and ask him what the bloody hell he 'd been thinking sending him to this country .
he lived halfway across the country , and she would never want to deal with the crazy lifestyle he was buried neck - deep in , so he knew this was a one - time thing .
and he was leaving the country , so he did n't have room in his life for a woman who would worry about him .
so her mysterious benefactor would be gone from the country after this weekend .
and i ' m leaving the country next week .
there was obviously no risk of her falling for him - he was leaving the country and she knew that already , so why would she put herself through a long distance relationship ?
` ` what do they do - or are they leaving the country , too ? ''
jesus , kayla , i ' m leaving the country in a couple of days .
even so , the choice to move to a foreign country hours away from all her family and friends surprised her as much as them .
i must admit i ' m confused why you 'd prefer to be alone in a drafty old house in a country that never sees the sun .
yet here she stood , in a new country with no friends and no family in a deserted , drafty , house - and perfectly , peculiarly content .
isaac obviously discovered her absence , and his anger swept over the country .
let the storms take down the whole country of england and everyone in her .
` ` sammy 's diner has the best eggs benedict this side of the country , and you know it . ''
that was still a lot - shifters even from the other side of the country could move fast if they needed to , including bowman o'donnell , a lupine from north carolina ; aaron mitchell , bear shifter from the canadian rockies ; and eoin lyall , a feline from western montana .
the sun was hammering down , this stretch of the river racking up the hottest summer temperatures in the country .
in the country of adrianglia , two things mattered most : one 's name and one 's magic .
what country ? ''
he survived a war in a foreign country and decided to leave after his four - year term of service was completed .
` ` he travels around the country working as a glorified event planner .
` ` so he can move around the country pretty much at random , '' richard said .
and sometimes the needs of my country conflict with my personal likes . ''
now he smuggled shifters anywhere in the country they wanted to go .
from atlanta , but he works the entire country .
then i can take the money and leave town - leave the country .
officially , all countries of the west continent abided by an agreement that limited how far the human body could be twisted by magic .
traveling through the weird meant crossing four countries , impossible without a wyvern .
he 'd had business cards in twenty different names , one for each region of the country .
going through the weird was too dangerous - the democracy of california consisted of a collection of baronies only loosely organized into a country .
i destroy for the glory of my country .
if you ever happened to be in this part of the country , you 'd look me up for a quickie because you 'd know that your superloving has forever spoiled me , and no other man would ever be good enough to replace you .
we all have a duty to our name and to our country . ''
she 's been hunting everywhere for one like it , hart bullied half the country until he located a ming bowl with blue dragons on it , and he sent fleming to lure glastonby into a compromising position so glastonby would hand it over .
he 'll be compelled by hargate 's family to push her through to a trial , and they 'll make sure the very best prosecutor in the country gets her convicted .
are you doing it for the girl or for your country ? ''
in his previous life , peter padrake was commodore peter padrake , the scourge of the blood sea and loyal privateer of adrianglia , a country in the weird .
they ruled over their domains as individuals and over their countries as assemblies under the watch of a constitutional monarch .
i have to buy fuel , maintain my plane , take you down to the middle of nowhere in dangerous country .
` ` it 's that easy to leave the country ? ''
taking a shifter out of the country is illegal .
` ` meeting you in a different country is a different thing . ''
the afternoon was waning into evening , and she was alone , in another country , in a vehicle that was better than most she passed on the road .
armand came to me one night and said he had to leave the country .
` ` i took whatever cash i could find and got us out of the country and to new york .
though hart could speak english with no trace of a scots accent , had been educated at cambridge , and sat in the english house of lords , he had firm ideas about scotland and what he wanted to accomplish for his country .
` ` every gossip sheet in the country talked about our marriage , but they never knew how truly good it was . ''
` ` you could work house parties all over the country . ''
there was no better race fixer in the country than himself , angelo had claimed , so he 'd know how to watch out for all the tricks .
they take walking tours of far - off countries by themselves and write books about their adventures .
the marriage would be decried as a misalliance and talked about up and down the country .
` ` i 'll take you all over the country so you can try the cake of every region , '' cameron said .
i do n't need to go to university , dad , especially not with the same blokes i knew at harrow telling me what they 'll do when they start running the country .
` ` you 're a duke , unmarried , and poised to become the most powerful man in the country .
she knows everyone in the country . ''
hart 's party would take the country by storm soon , the queen would ask hart to form a government , and hart would lay his victory at eleanor 's feet .
he tried to plunge himself into the troubles of the country and the empire , to wipe away any thought of his domestic life .
peers of the realm , ambassadors , minor royalty , and aristocrats from every european country , highland lairds and heads of clans , and the mackenzie himself with his wife , sons , daughters , and grandchildren .
news of the betrothal of lord hart mackenzie and lady eleanor ramsay spread to every corner of the country , filling every newspaper and magazine .
trains made traveling much easier these days , but even so , the north of the country was remote , a peaceful retreat against the noise .
i hoped that when he came here to this country he loved so much , he would get better .
no danger of him confusing this country with the wilds in the northern punjab and afghanistan , where a knifelike wall of mountains marched across the horizon , and the sea was only a distant dream .
both men had lived a long time in a country where the sunlight was far stronger than that of northern scotland .
the village doctor , used to dealing with gunshot wounds in a country upon which people descended every autumn to shoot things , knew what to do .
i knew this , because ten years after my mother took eleven - year - old me and fled halfway across the country , i came back and put two bullets through sarah 's eyes .
a knife from crete ; two necklaces from the etruscan civilization , which was apparently some sort of pre - roman culture in italy ; a cat - headed statue from the kingdom of kush ; a bronze head of sargon the great , who was some sort of king in akkadia ; a spear from the same country ; and two stone tablets with ancient hebrew writings .
this was not my country .
the game of choice at this hell was whist , but mortimer had recently introduced the american game of poker , which he 'd learned during a yearlong stint in that country .
the police could arrest and imprison violet and her mother ; the press could stir up a mob to chase them out of the country - again .
far away , in another country , with different names and different personas .
remember this country 's history - these folks ' great - great - grandparents rose up and threw the french aristocrats out on their bums a hundred years ago .
i do n't much understand the pubs in this country , but i ' m learning to like the jug wine . ''
` ` they are commanded to take you out of the country and not let you return , '' bellec continued .
bellec and his superiors agreed to give up violet only if lord cameron gave them his word to take her and her entourage out of the country .
if i am required to leave the country , we can part ways in paris , and my mother and i will travel on someplace else , bavaria perhaps .
he searched all over the country for those .
i told daisy that the best way i could help her was to marry her and take her out of the country .
` ` great - great - great - grandfather malcolm and his beloved wife , mary , are said to walk hand in hand on the battlements , looking down at the country they fought so hard for . ''
i 'll have you know that at easter , andrew will be starting at harrow , and cat has been enrolled in miss pringle 's select academy , one of the best schools for girls in the country .
a few focused in on specific towns , while others panned out to include the entire country , welcoming the pale oceans that crept into the frame on either side .
he rarely managed to get much farther than the hilltop campus , where each autumn students from across the country filtered into the stately buildings , books in hand and ready to learn .
places scattered across the country , in towns he 'd never seen , states he 'd never visited .
it was a part of each of them , this battle that had taken place for the soul of the country .
` ` there was a huge storm that evening , after three full days of the bloodiest battle the country has ever seen . ''
` ` country , '' emma said .
` ` they need time to recover from gallivanting around the country ? ''
all this time he 'd been grateful that his dad had n't called , but he suddenly wished just the opposite : that rather than teaching him a lesson by letting him go , letting the quiet between them stretch the length of the country , his dad would ask him to come home .
she was practically on california time now , staying up late to wait for his address to appear on her screen , her thoughts constantly drifting across the country to the other coast .
but his mind was all the way on the other side of the country .
she barely noticed any of it , though ; she was thinking of the look on his face when he 'd stood on the porch the night before , and of all those words they 'd sent sailing across the country , each e - mail a kind of poem containing the very best versions of themselves .
he 'd forgotten that he told her about them : a late - night e - mail sent after some premiere party , when he 'd sat alone in his room in the big , empty house and written to this girl across the country about how his pencil moved as if on its own .
graham 's parents lived only a short drive away , but it was n't until he 'd made it all the way to the other side of the country that he 'd finally done something about it , and now , it seemed , it was too late .
i ' m just operating under the assumption that every teen girl in the country probably wants to kill me .
you would never be expected to take a road trip with someone you did n't know , yet how many times has she flown to chicago or denver or florida beside a complete stranger , elbow to elbow , side by side , as the two of them hurtled across the country together ?
hadley 's never been out of the country before , but she knows enough to know that london is enormous ; it is , in her limited experience , a big enough place to lose someone entirely .
` ` poor bloke has no idea he 's going to end up in another country altogether . ''
` ` and then your stupid country swallowed him whole . ''
the building was like a small country in and of itself , and this was the currency ; when you met someone new , you did n't just give your name but your apartment number as well , only she 'd forgotten that the super always lived in the small two - bedroom flat in the basement , a floor lucy had never visited .
` ` when my parents graduated from high school , they bought a van and saw the whole country .
her thoughts drifted to owen again , the way his eyes had flashed when he spoke about traveling the country , and she was so focused on this , so lost in the memory of him , that when someone sat down heavily beside her and she turned to find that it was n't him - that it was , instead , an old englishman with red cheeks and whiskers in his nose - she was more surprised than it made sense to be .
` ` not in this country , anyway , '' dad agreed .
she did n't know if it was her father 's new job or the fact that they were in a new country , or maybe it was just that they all missed her brothers , who were so far away , but whatever the reason , they were suddenly a family again : eating dinners together , traveling on weekends , going to museums , joking and laughing and being there .
for sixteen years , lucy had hardly ventured off the island of manhattan , and now , eight months and five countries later , she was finally returning .
and just because he 'd made up an excuse to fly all the way across the country did n't mean that she was equally excited .
it 's not that i was scared to go fight for my country .
like the time i 'd gotten the job of my dreams , only to learn it would require me to travel out of the country for ten months of the year .
maybe the senator had caught on to some weird vibe coming from across the f**king country and just instinctively known something was going on with his baby girl .
or he could be getting re - stationed across the country .
he 'd left the country for me , for us , and now he could ... he might be ... dead .
it also had the added bonus of being on the beach and as far away from my parents as i could possibly manage without leaving the country .
` ` my mom is all the way across the country and i ' m single .
to date , foreign rights for her novels have sold to fourteen different countries .
i closed my eyes , not knowing who to apologize to first : the cashier for gretchen 's remark about her country , or maximus , who now had to add more bags to the half dozen he already carried .
i was vladislav basarab dracul , bartered by my father into hellish political imprisonment as a boy , then as a young man , fighting war after war to keep my country free , only to be betrayed by my nobles , the church , and even my own brother .
at that time , the ottoman empire was trying to invade western europe , and romania was one of the countries in its way . ''
` ` leila can be protected back in her own country . ''
after the flight overseas , then the deliberate zigzagging flights across the country designed to throw off any demon trying to follow them , it had been two days since they left his house in england .
russia , like , the country ?
i could have told will , better than her breaking up with him on the day he moves across the country , eh ?
i said , a bit mortified that i seemed so pitiful and needed this boost , but also touched that he would think of lifting me up this way , when he was the one who 'd moved clear across the country and had to start over .
they toured the country , competing against each other .
if i ' m a terrific manager , all that will get me is threatened with a layoff and transferred across the country .
` ` we old guys , not just here but across the country , talk about getting young people excited about flying again .
if i had n't just ridden in the car for twenty minutes , i would have thought we 'd arrived in a different country .
the whole atlantic coast , the whole country was suddenly mine .
she knew he was a cocaine addict from the country .
see the employee handbook , section 2 , paragraph 6 , ` ` copulation with the stars of new country . ''
when the newswire picks it up , it can make every newspaper in the country , all for free .
` ` you could always get a job at the fairhope country club , '' her mother drawled elegantly .
in fact , he would not risk his job , his fathers job , and this country justice you mention for a girl in the first place .
humans and the elements lived in harmony in the country .
` ` maybe they celebrate the country of their ancestors .
but the families with powers who end up in vegas are originally from all over the place , which suggests that there are a lot more of us scattered around the country , even the world .
in 1982 , they declared themselves a separate country from america .
he proceeded to try to teach me a song from his home country .
` ` it 's not like i ' m moving across the country . ''
` ` perhaps because i ' m the most powerful vampire in the country . ''
how could she even think of leaving the country when her sister was so ill ?
most of the vampires tended to live in romania and the surrounding countries .
oh , there had been stories and myths carried from the old country , but few people truly believed .
you , on the other hand , were turned by the oldest vampire in the country , which makes you very powerful indeed . ''
how blessed she was , she thought , to live in this country , in this time of peace and prosperity , a time when women were no longer considered chattel .
written by a nineteen - year - old boy , bookstores all over the country were touting it as the next harry potter .
before that , he had been an investigative reporter , one of the best in the country .
since then , hunters had destroyed a few vampires and werewolves in other parts of the country , mostly in big cities , but there had n't been any paranormal activity to speak of in kelton .
they all appealed to her , yet on some deep level she did n't quite understand , she was reluctant to leave the country .
rather than face his family , he had fled the country .
at one time , it had been the gambling capital of the country , but that had changed with the growth of las vegas and casinos owned by native american tribes .
communication between foreign countries had once taken months ; now e - mails and text messages flew across the country or across the world with the click of a mouse .
was he still living in hollywood , surrounded by beautiful starlets , or had he fled the country ?
between the four of them , they had covered every vampire hangout in the country , questioned every vampire they knew , and that was an impressive number .
he would sever all his ties in the states , sell his property , buy a new wardrobe , pick a new name , obtain the necessary documents , and leave the country for a century or two .
she might have thought it was coincidence that lahood came from that part of the country , except she had never believed in coincidence .
` ` it 's a beautiful country . ''
almost , she could wish to be a vampire just so she could think herself to another country , or dissolve into sparkling mist , or run faster than the human eye could follow .
people from one end of the country to the other were suddenly reporting sightings of werewolves .
` ` last time i was here , the vampires had chased all the werewolves out of the country . ''
` ` because if i was ever broke and needed to see the love of my life in another country , i 'd hope you 'd buy the ticket for me . ''
another lesson learned : make sure to study up on basic phrases before visiting a foreign country .
` ` because you get to see more of the country that way .
i ' m not leaving the country ; it 's just a different state . ''
` ` true , but do n't they always say you can take the girl out of the country , but you ca n't take the country out of the girl ? ''
` ` true , but do n't they always say you can take the girl out of the country , but you ca n't take the country out of the girl ? ''
i think the only reason he was okay with me moving across the country for school was to keep us apart .
becca had just walked in with molly and ben , looking around her as if she was entering a foreign country .
i clutched on to his shirt , trying to accept that the man i loved was really moving across the country for me .
still rare in the united states , sino - aids was gaining a foothold around ports like new orleans , with sailors and other travelers from many countries passing through the city in a partying mood .
i know this world has plenty of bad people and bad vampires , but i do n't believe the majority of the people in this country , or for that matter just here in texas , would be edified by the sight of a screaming woman burning to death . ''
so anyone who told me bill had gone out of the country , assuming i did n't know it yet , was just being malicious .
` ` since bill owns the building tara 's togs is in , '' she said carefully , ` ` i do have a number to call , a number he said he 'd check in with while he was out of the country .
there was a kind of finality to bill 's being out of the country , unreachable .
` ` alcide , i have n't seen bill since i came back from jackson , except when he came over to tell me he was leaving the country . ''
you think he ordered bill out of the country , had witches invade shreveport , had them curse him , began running half - naked out in the freezing cold when he supposed i might be near , and then just hoped i 'd take him in and that pam and chow and my brother would talk to each other to arrange eric 's staying with me ? ''
he 's gone , out of the country .
i 'd never been out of the country .
magic smells like i imagine a bazaar in some exotic foreign country might .
however , many south american vamps regretted stepping forward , and the bloodsuckers in the muslim countries - well , there were mighty few left .
the new bartender is milos griesniki , a recent immigrant from the old countries .
` ` he got messed up fighting for our country , and we got to cut him some slack . ''
that 's not allowed in our country , or any country that i know of , and i ' m sure in my brainier moments that 's a good thing .
that 's not allowed in our country , or any country that i know of , and i ' m sure in my brainier moments that 's a good thing .
since we travel a lot , we have places we use all over the country ; some of them are just rooms in houses of friends or associates , and some of them are real apartments .
he was kind of a free - floating guy , had a lot of irons in the fire that took him all over the country .
i felt like i was observing an interesting tribe in another country , a tribe that just happened to speak my language .
` ` the losses in your country have been extreme .
if i ever invaded a small country , this was the woman i wanted on my side .
jonathan was a smallish man , maybe five foot eight , with the light copper coloring and dusky black hair of his country .
the fots group was growing as americans struggled to come to terms with something they could n't understand - and as hundreds of vampires streamed into the country that had given them the most favorable reception of all the nations on earth .
like newsrooms all across the country , here in shreveport we have a visitor in the studio . ''
there are not many remaining in this country .
can they do that in this country ? ''
she has written the modern stand- alone chasing shakespeares , about the shakespeare authorship controversy , and three historical mysteries : the vanished child , the knowledge of water , and a citizen of the country .
but for the right kind of people , creatures from the depths looking for a chance to revisit the old country , there was a certain charm to the place .
what he dreamed of most , with all his heart , was to return to the old country , not the ireland of industry and high tech , but the land it had once been .
i ' ve seen nothing of the country .
` ` instead of dividing the country the way humans would , we included some of the north and some of the south in every division .
i could see how he might have hoped that ocella would never visit , so i was willing to give eric a pass ... but i could n't help thinking that instead of his lecture on the ways vampires had sliced up my country according to their own convenience , it would have been more practical to let me know his maker could appear in my bedroom .
i clicked on ` ` residence , '' and i was prompted : ` ` which country ? ''
not that my maker cares about my position in this country , '' eric added , a little bitterly .
` ` i ' m a citizen of this country .
i know that he would n't , but i also know that people are unpredictable , and flying across the country to meet my boyfriend 's parents after almost four months is a bit terrifying .
with her on the other side of the country , maybe i can finally let it go .
owners of the largest cattle ranch in north america , and they ' ve just acquired the most innovative developer of gps tracking software in the country .
now , you may ask yourself , why would two already wealthy businessmen travel across the country to expand their empire ?
there 's not a jury in the country that would convict me . ''
they flew to transylvania or one of those small eastern bloc countries , and they came back with a beautiful baby boy .
` ` yes , but i ca n't leave the country . ''
i glanced down at the stack of magazines next to me , grinning when i saw my boy on almost all the covers , smiling rakishly into the camera , casting that pure sex vibe across the entire country .
looks like grace sheridan is n't playing ... grace sheridan continues to dominate the headlines this week as she 's crossed the country twice to promote her new show premiering tomorrow on venue .
then he 'd be traveling all over the country to make personal appearances .
i ' ve never done this before - had a relationship with someone who lives across the country while i ' m going through the biggest thing professionally i ' ve ever , or probably will ever , go through .
he was on his monster promo tour , all over the country .
as a great tie - in to the time - traveling aspect of the film , the studio had booked personal appearances for jack in the science centers and museums across the country .
in the same week , in different cities across the country , if you were looking for jack hamilton , you could have found him under the names : george mchair johnny nuts sheridan mcgeorge and , my personal favorite : sophia patrillo finally , he was in new york .
if it does , are you ready to move across the country ?
since i 'd auditioned for my first play at eleven , singing ` ` memories '' like every other damn kid in the country .
a man , by the way , that women all over the country are lining up to f**k the brains out of ? ''
and what was going to happen when he left the country , in like , hours ?
` ` monica , i 'd like to thank you for your service to our fine country .
but could i actually move across the country ?
two weeks , three fights , and four packed bags later , i was ready to fly across the country .
he had taken his lover up against the counter in a bakery , and when he pushed into her , taking her virginity for god and country , the moment was frozen in time .
i live on the other side of the country , and i get this mysterious phone call in the middle of the night .
wild and rough , this part of the country was certainly among the most beautiful in the world .
so when she got a call in the middle of the night to move across the country , and take over a house on a cliff she 'd inherited from an aunt she barely knew , and there was a half - naked cowboy involved , she assumed she was now living in one of the books she loves , '' jessica recapped , and looked to me for approval .
high schools were the same across the country .
and simon retreated , taking the first opportunity he had to remove himself entirely , moving as far across the country as one can for college , short of hawaii .
it 's wednesday morning almost a week since elle was shot and a week since my middle of the night dash across half the country to get back to her .
but even with all my contacts , i could only find out that she was born and raised in atlanta , was working for my father when she got pregnant with me , and that she had moved across country when she gave me up . ''
i ' m staring at a double crossing piece of shit ; a man so desperate that he 'd cross two of the most formidable criminals in the country , victor and evans .
i graduated from high school and moved across the country to the east coast to study economics and business .
the army gave us a chance to start fresh and make something of our lives while defending our country .
what brings you across the country for a visit ? ''
this is the first time he has visited me since i moved to the opposite side of the country , though .
we both have contacts all over the country through the boss man 's connections but shay specifically has extensive surveillance skills learned during our time in the army .
we head down the interstate towards pennsylvania , taking our time to enjoy the sights on the way since elle has never been on this side of the country before .
` ` oh no , do n't tell me you do own the local country club as well ? ''
it has been a year since i met sean , but with his busy work schedule and frequent trips around the country , it is never going to be a serious monogamous thing even if i was looking for a relationship .
that 's right - two years out of the country , which only really mattered because they decided i 'd be better off staying in the united states .
a woman with a pile of hair atop her head looked at me and said slowly , as if talking to a child , ` ` you 'll have any secondary institution in this country or beyond at your feet , lily , if you 're accepted at st . sophia 's .
` ` sounds like a lot , but chicago is the third - biggest city in the country .
we could travel around the country from city to city , putting up one of those giant red - and - white - striped tents and sleeping in a silver trailer shaped like a bullet . ''
` ` they 're doing some kind of secret genetic research that they had to stick me in a boarding school and leave the country to work on .
and here he was , far from home , hanging out in the middle of one of the biggest cities in the country .
he was helped by a band of fairies and pixies - little magical creatures - but after he won control of the country , he became as evil as the guy he 'd replaced .
eventually , he banished the fairies and pixies from his country . ''
it also made me the biggest shape - shifting prize in the country .
it had started eight months ago with a letter , a kind of vampire manifesto first published in the sun - times and trib , then picked up by papers across the country .
as a single twenty - seven - year - old graduate student , even though studying at one of the best universities in the country , i was a second - class merit .
` ` maybe wandering vamps from other cities , other countries .
apparently , union or not , the order does n't have a local in chicago , notwithstanding the fact that we 're the third - freaking - biggest city in the country .
you 're living in a foreign country with your english cousins because you ' ve been smuggled out of france .
maybe , like him , she was worried about alliances , wanted to ensure her link to the fourth - oldest house in the country .
that explained why he 'd been named one of chicago 's most eligible bachelors , and one of the country 's sexiest politicians .
` ` we 're in the third - biggest city in the country .
like catcher had said , as the third - biggest city in the country , chicago was n't exactly immune from drug problems .
as a master , malik washington had gotten back his last name ; masters of the country 's twelve vampire houses were the only vamps al owed to use them .
he 'd said it like that explained his ensemble , like kansas city was a foreign country with a completely different culture .
` ` third - biggest city in the country , '' catcher said .
was n't the lead story on every news station in the country , especial y if the national guard was involved .
nebraska 's in the middle of the country , so it 's ful of cold war strategic defense munitions .
regardless of al that , the registration law had passed , and we were enemies in our own country .
that 's right - two years out of the country , which only real y mattered because they 'd decided i 'd be better off staying in the united states .
the school itself has a long and storied history in chicago , and the ivy leagues recruit from its hal s. '' a woman with a pile of hair atop her head looked at me and said slowly , as if talking to a child , ` ` you'l have any secondary institution in this country or beyond at your feet , lily , if you 're accepted at st . sophia 's .
` ` i do n't mind being in the country .
she tried to destroy the third - biggest city in the country , and she tried to turn me into her servant because she thinks she has the right to unleash evil on the world . ''
we 're in the middle of the country , '' paige said .
that the master of one of the country 's twelve houses - the fourth - oldest house in the united states - was at a witch 's mercy ?
` ` ours is the second - strongest house in the country .
most of the country 's vampires lived in twelve houses scattered from coast to coast : navarre , mcdonald , cabot , cadogan , taylor , lincoln , washington , heart , lassiter , grey , murphy , and sheridan .
so ms . rao , a member of the gp from darius 's home country , had feelings for jonah , the guard captain slash member of the secret organization assigned to keep an eye on her .
beginning tomorrow , i 'll be embarking on a series of town hall meetings across chicago to get your thoughts on how we can make it the country 's first city . ''
we 're one of the largest facilities in the country . ''
it is the presidium that rules vampires , not an upstart soldier in the middle of an upstart country . ''
that 's how you refer to the sacrifices made by men who served this country , who were some of its finest warriors ?
a top - of - the - line computer sat on a top - of - the - line desk , and when jacobs 's tech guys booted it up , they found information aplenty : e - mails to and from mcketrick and the rioters , a copy of the chemical analysis alan bryant had given him , copies of the materials he 'd stolen from bryant industries , and years of records regarding his attempts to sabotage and assassinate vampires across the country .
if there are any american masters who decline to serve their vampires , their houses , their country , they should speak now . ''
` ` i 'd say serving your country is pretty impressive . ''
because flying to some foreign country ( though , i guess technically , it 's not a foreign country since it 's considered a us territory ) with a special suitcase just for the remains of my beloved grandmother and then parting with them to an ocean is considered some nice vacation .
because flying to some foreign country ( though , i guess technically , it 's not a foreign country since it 's considered a us territory ) with a special suitcase just for the remains of my beloved grandmother and then parting with them to an ocean is considered some nice vacation .
like hell had opened up some sort of portal of destruction , unleashed its wrath on only my little slice of the country , and then vanished , leaving behind the skeletal remains of what was once a peaceful life .
the husky quality to his voice was like visiting a foreign country and hearing someone with an accent speak an ordinary word , but it somehow was seductive .
it makes my skin crawl to think of leaving you here while i go to another country . ''
i thought it was just a big lump of land like every other country , but oh my , was it so much more .
the master bedroom was as big as the apartment i grew up in , with wide windows , soft carpet , and a bed the size of a small country .
` ` our people are spread out over every country in the world .
and i 'll take every precaution to keep you and your mother safe , and if we need to i 'll help relocate you both to a different part of the country . ''
within minutes he slowed , flying into the coastal range of venezuela where the mountains ran along the northernmost section of the country .
he could run a small country .
` ` do n't they have a chapel inside that could pay for a small country ? ''
he had departed from a country caught in civil war , as well as an encroaching war with all of europe , to ascend to a new dimension also at war .
which country ? ''
she had crisscrossed the country a dozen times since folding the hell out of endelle 's office .
after three long horrible months of hunting , he had just limited his search to a single country , located on only one of two dimensional earths .
jesus , this country is so frigging big .
for whatever reason , a collage of her own memories shot in front of her eyes , of being a child and later a teenager , the number of times she 'd been taken out of school , right in the middle of class , and moved across country .
this one was just outside toulouse two , in the south of the country .
there are death vampires in every territory , every country on second earth .
she had been brilliant in distracting the guard back at carrick 's hotel in vegas , and she had n't given much of a protest when he had suggested they extend their honeymoon , see the country , that sort of shit , even though they both knew he was breaking vampire law .
her friends had scattered around the country , and her coworkers were wonderful , and she considered them friends , but she did n't want to put anyone out .
she had transferred to tulane to study at their glassblowing program , which was supposed to be one of the best in the country .
conquer me for king and country , damn it .
not the other side of the country , but seven hours by car .
people get fang implants and drink blood and dress goth all over the city - and all over the country for that matter .
` ` mother is worried i 'll starve or eat bad fruit in this heathen tropical country . ''
but you were a gift to me , from king and country , to increase the blue in my offspring 's blood .
damien will worry , will come to realize what i mean to him , and he will write my family back home and they will be shamed for sending me to this awful , suffocating , primitive country .
she was old , and she 'd lived in this wild country her whole life , hearing the rumors , whispers .
he took an extra ten million from his employer that did n't belong to him and fled the country with carrie , my babysitter , who at the time was all of eighteen years old . ''
the country in her voice was more pronounced , drawing out his name to twice its normal length , and while there was much to find annoying about cuttersville , that was n't .
and she had needed a new handbag , one better equipped to handle the dust of the country .
shelby had told her that story once before , but she had only listened with half an ear , certain it was embellishment designed to boost excitement in the dead , dull country .
everything we 'd built shattered the second i made the decision to get in my car and make the stupidly long drive across country instead of wait for my flight the following week .
` ` you can take the girl out of the country ... '' ` ` ... but not the country out of the girl , '' i finish , tilting my head back and smiling up at him .
` ` you can take the girl out of the country ... '' ` ` ... but not the country out of the girl , '' i finish , tilting my head back and smiling up at him .
his features are clearly defined , his skin tanned from the current heat wave rolling through the country .
in the largest city in the country - on the side of the city you do n't live - i ' m sure it 's a coincidence you just happened to bump into me , '' i say dryly .
after all , if he has the money to travel across the country , he has it to pay off his debts .
the smile that makes her looks so damn beautiful she 'd put every girl in the country to shame .
not only do you set me up with a junior , you pick the one that 's planning on going to the opposite side of the country in eighteen months .
hell , no one in this damn country is good enough for my sister , you know that .
why ca n't we just elope in some exotic country and get married without all this fancy crap ? ''
that would be a distance - a whole country and an ocean would separate us .
she had a tough time understanding why melanie carson chose to leave her family to help other families in a foreign country .
in a country every bit as magnificent as in the movie out of africa and as tumultuous as her feelings about the place that stole her mother .
he 'd understood the op was covert and their slide into the country would be off the books .
` ` how cool to have an on - call military boyfriend if you happen to be kidnapped by warlords in a foreign country .
` ` i trust jablonski in the big scheme of things as far as loyalty to his country and holding his own on the job .
she loved this country and its people .
` ` she cares about things that are happening to young girls and boys in this country . ''
i covered his ass when he slipped away instead of leaving the country . ''
i love serving my country , but ... '' ` ` hey , now , stop . ''
she was n't going to die in some godforsaken country alone , like her mom , without ever really connecting with anyone in order to keep the job safe .
her mom had cared more about this country and its people than her own family .
in a country full of starving people , excesses would have been wrong - not to mention bad press .
the doctor sounded knowledgeable , but trusting stella 's care to someone he did n't know in a third world country hospital was tough , to say the least .
the possibility that anyone he served with could actually be involved in something as unthinkable as betraying their country churned acid in his gut .
` ` sometimes we need to go deep into hostile country .
` ` even though there are no signs they left the country .
guardian troops already trained and in place would carry out orders without hesitation and with ease in the country 's current lawless state .
he should n't have caved to lisabeth about adopting a baby from her home country .
he wore dirty camouflage with patches from some other country , his red hair slicked back , and long , for someone in uniform .
the thought of what people like these would and could do to amelia , especially with the country in such a lawless state ...
they were in the middle of nowhere in a lawless country , with no means of transportation and only however many water bottles they could carry .
the first three would be smuggled out of the country on a departing c-17 tonight as the children of three of her staff .
their well - being rested on her getting them out of the country as quickly as possible so she could accommodate the others that would need her .
` ` do you think it would be better for joshua to spend another six months in an orphanage in a country devastated by an earthquake ?
not that the individual on the other end of the phone knew all of those details , rather just assumed the ` ` newbies '' were a part of their own ecoterrorist cause , reaching out across the country .
the power plant explosion would go off on schedule - and his most high value terrorist yet would slip into the u.s . with enough of a payoff for him to slip the other way , right out of the country and into a life of luxury , tucked away in europe .
gamble everything on saving his ass and making it out of the country with what he 'd saved .
` ` you helped your brother hide out for years even though he turned his back on his country . ''
served her country .
their marriage had collapsed under the pressure of his job - no great surprise since military service members checked in with one of the highest divorce rates in the country .
he could n't keep the kind of hours needed or weeks on the road to other testing ranges across the country .
i realize it will help both of our countries , and in spite of rumors about my vanity , i do love my country more than myself . ''
in your country , a serial killer kidnapped me .
chuck locked the door , leaving them alone in the stark little room that for most would have been a romantic getaway in a foreign country .
they used the cover of the uso tour to slip into the country .
` ` he says he was n't even in the country when victims number three and four died , and of course he was with me in quarantine during the fifth crime . ''
` ` you could fill him in on what the press says about the ongoing investigation , since he 's been out of the country for the past couple of months . ''
` ` we ruled you out as a suspect - for that matter , we ruled out a number of people on the base - because you were n't even in the country when some of these crimes occurred .
` ` but mason was out of the country when a couple of them died .
at least mason randolph could be officially crossed off the list , since he actually had been out of the country , incontrovertibly , when two of the attacks occurred .
with the help of his twelve crew members , he monitored citizens pouring out of the hills to cast their votes in the special election , an election that could turn volatile in a heartbeat , the politics of this country precarious with warlords determined to stop the process .
` ` you stay in the air force even though they send you to countries where they keep shooting at you , trying to kill you . ''
cops deported some of them back home , but the country was in the middle of a civil war .
growing gangs from major cities to midsize towns expanded the possibilities for moving illegal goods in and out of the country .
or sell them both to flesh peddlers for more start - up money once he left the country .
` ` all i want is a plane gassed up and ready to take me out of the country . ''
` ` and there 's the man i want to fly us out of the country . ''
and she 'd given up a prime performance in atlanta to be here on this boat , entertaining troops like him who put their lives on the line for their country .
it was possible in a country that large , but it was still worth investigating more on this anya surac .
how sad she did not have time to savor this moment of power as she raced back and forth between bars , dealing with her current captive and scoping out future possibilities.however , the continued success of her operation depended on keeping her captures widespread , and she 'd already pushed as far as she dared in this country .
meanwhile , she 'd traveled to an exotic country only to be entertained with foosball , a stack of board games , and her choice of three channels on the armed forces network , currently spouting nonstop episodes of jeopardy.for eight hundred dollars , name sexual frustration in turkey .
traveling to other countries for additional meetings with generals overseas .
she wanted to spread her wings beyond her home country .
his and marta 's joint and individually owned clubs were scattered through turkey , greece , and a handful of small countries in eastern europe , all situated near a military base or consulate .
not exactly a country known for its little league teams .
` ` you have a show in your country about the mafia .
they already suspect you , and now there are going to be bulletins out for you all across the country .
things do not work the same way here that they do in your country .
diamonds in the rough featured high - end rustic designs , from rodeo belt buckles and stylized bolos to aztec jewelry , all highly sought after around the country .
the last thing he wanted to do was leave fort worth now and waste even one of her remaining days flying around the country .
the airplane would be damn near claustrophobic as they jetted across the country with his grandmother 's pack of dogs .
he 's probably already left the country . ''
i 'd already started the process to get out of the country , but then dee screwed up the timetable by digging through my old files .
he could have gotten clean away , losing himself in another country .
now he just had to figure out a safe place to relocate in a foreign country with a u. s. senator in tow at a time when people had decided to start shooting at her for no apparent reason .
` ` hank , we ca n't leave the country on this negative note .
` ` we 're in another country .
he 's from the neighboring country of kasov . ''
` ` there 's no question that this job of ours is more than a job , a calling , service to country , to others above self .
since she 's a military doc she kept trying to discuss everything in medical terms with doc korba , but her hands and voice were shaking so bad while she talked ... bronco 's little girl was running around the living room like everything was fine and she did n't have a clue her daddy 's on an operating table in another country . ''
bullets from local crime lords hungry to take over the tiny coastal country tore the ground by his feet .
as lucas 's brother - in - law , tomas could leave the country .
chavez was a slimy bastard with enough money to buy invulnerability in this corrupt country .
nothing could have forced him to leave the country before seeing for himself that she had n't survived the surgery .
through her hoarse screams of denial , he 'd explained that his contacts documented they 'd died in a helicopter explosion on their way out of the country .
even having grown up in this country , she was totally dependent on lucas 's survival training .
but beyond the physical , she yearned for some sign of tenderness from him after so long alone , a fanciful notion when she should focus on getting out of the jungle and out of the country alive .
even more exciting , he 'd been from another country .
she 'd wanted tomas out of the country .
` ` you loved your job , your country , your freedom . ''
sara was pregnant when i left the country . ''
five years ago when he and sara had argued on the embassy lawn , he 'd been too caught up in his pissed - off frame of mind to take note of his surroundings in a country at least as dangerous as his old neighborhood .
how you 're from another country , and we 're opposite personalities- '' ` ` now that you mention it ... '' she kissed him , quick and so damn sweet .
sara had been close to help for so long and no one in this godforsaken country had looked farther than their noses to help her .
once they landed in the states , she would need so much from him while acclimating to a new country , re - learning to make choices , wiser ones this time .
` ` i have nothing left but the hope of returning my country to its former glory . ''
to make her a citizen of the united states so they could take her orphaned brother out of the country before tio ramon assumed custody .
she winced at images of kurt 's arrest the night he 'd held this man and another family hostage in hopes of finding a ticket out of the country .
she 'd sold off everything for a fresh start in a place that had one of the lowest crime rates in the country , a great big plus for moving home to north dakota .
memories of the crash , capture , later discovering people from his own country had sold him out palled the humor if not the desire right out of him .
haugen had hoped to find information about military drug - surveillance flights to offer his mob boss in exchange for a ticket out of organized crime and safe passage to another country .
his fists clenched at how close paige had come to a fugitive lifestyle , or an arrest in a foreign country where she could have been left to rot in a hellhole cell .
` ` when things are hot in another country , you do n't hear much about other things going on in the military .
the grass was still clumpy and the mosquitoes still chewed his hide , but thanks to paige he could n't deny his sense of pride in the heartland of his country .
` ` that damn screwup died without telling us where he 'd hidden the money he planned to use when he moved his family out of the country .
cantou might be a tiny - ass country over in asia , but it har bored numerous terrorist - training camps .
relations with the country were strained , yet not outright hostile .
's head with reminders of a february desert sun in another country .
standard for this country .
and not being stuck in a cell in some foreign freaking country .
` ` why not leave the country ?
ridiculous since everyone in this small country was related somehow .
forget that they 'd broken up before she 'd left the country , unable to reconcile their conflicting ideologies , the pacifist and the warrior .
her uncle expected her to ferret information , to discover if this was truly a deployment to assist with the distribution of humanitarian aid , something that happened often in her country .
since ammar might well have other spies in place here , she would have to tread this double game warily if she wanted out of the country in one piece .
her attempt to leave the country after her parents ' deaths in the flu epidemic had been foiled by a mole in the american embassy to rubistan , another spy loyal to ammar .
` ` men in my country have many wives . ''
but if they stopped life , emotions , even happiness every time their country called on them lately , there would never be time to live .
other intelligence personnel visiting her country either wore suits or , in more informal settings like this , wore khakis with a nondescript shirt .
she 'd even flirted a bit on her graduation cruise , coming close a time or two to going further than a few kisses , curious as to what would make her mother leave her country and first family .
you do n't want me so much as somebody to save you the same way i save homeless kids in a third world country . ''
` ` all i want is to get out of this country .
we have n't been in the same country together for more than a week in two months .
` ` i told you already that i believe you really want out of the country . ''
now was not the time to push him , but thanks to drew she had forever in a new country to make the effort .
simple words , but an unshakable vow from a man who honored his promises even to a country full of people he 'd never met .
` ` it 's a wonderful mix of her old country and new .
even in the middle of an unstable country , on a darkened runway where threats lurked in countless shadows ... danny did n't hurry for anyone .
` ` we have procedure to follow in my country , cap - i - tain , '' the guard clipped out in heavily accented english .
she 'd even been willing to move to a hotbed of political unrest in the middle - eastern country of rubistan to stay alive .
daniel , a man so different from the steely warrior who 'd drawn down an enemy guard in a foreign country to save his brothers less than forty - eight hours before .
one mention of putting her in an institution from kent with his monied influence and she 'd hauled ass out of the country .
even if he 'd tracked me to rubistan , it 's not like my leaving the country was exactly out in the open . ''
daniel opened the file and scrolled through max 's notations , lists of suspicious bank transfers from an overseas account , crossing multiple state and country lines .
air force academy grad who 'd turned down a seven - figure pro - football contract to serve his country .
see , old man , i can serve my country as well as you , but on my own terms .
only a few weeks at the most until the easy life in switzerland , thanks to money saved from years of bartering secrets to other countries .
easy enough for her to say from italy or whatever country she 'd cooked her way through this week .
once they secured the nearby sentavo airfield , supplies could be flown into the war - torn country by morning .
he should have understood she felt the calling to serve her country as strongly as he did .
if we had waited until morning , we would have missed out , if we 're not already too late to catch him before he leaves the country . ''
there 's not a chance you 're going to get out of the country .
then , my friend , you 're going to fly us out of the country . ''
but carting a planeload of orphans out of their war - torn country across the atlantic would be a first for him .
she 'd seen more than her fair share of poverty and destruction in the world , following her parents from country to country .
she 'd seen more than her fair share of poverty and destruction in the world , following her parents from country to country .
how could she leave behind a sick child in a country where bombs and gunfire still whispered insidiously in the distance ?
he knew too well pneumonia was the leading cause of death among children in developing countries .
how strange to get his old man back right before a move cross country .
but then that was the root of barry 's scam - collecting money for scholarships , most of which were never awarded , then funneling the cash out of the country into a swiss bank account .
my sources say he left sometime this evening and is probably already on a private jet out of the country . ''
if you recall , when the cia first questioned you , they required you to turn over your passport to ensure you would n't flee the country .
she 'd expected to zip into interpol and be whisked right out of the country .
calls from her sister indicated the public was eating up tabloid stories of hillary and troy gallivanting around the globe , wining and dining in a different country every night .
ask the judge to balance the weight of the evidence against my father 's reputation in the community , his ties to his family and business , not to mention his service to this country ! ''
after her husband died , she 'd traveled extensively , visiting different cultures and countries until she had returned home to help her son raise his children .
there 's one in the tri - state area , at the westchester country club .
` ` i know i ' ve been out of the country for a while , but when did casual conversation become slang for come - on ? ''
` ` mike , '' roger said , ` ` peter tells me you ' ve been out of the country on assignment until recently . ''
because the thought of mike in the center of some war - torn country or worse sent goose bumps chasing along her skin .
because she had n't been able to face her morning coffee and the news of the day without reading about the war torn country where mike had gone .
another small , war - torn country .
` ` you 're the only man i know who can spend a month in a war - torn country and come home unharmed only to get blindsided by appendicitis . ''
until he was healed , she did n't have to worry about him hopping on the nearest airplane out of the country .
dad 's established a long tradition of serving this country .
the older man met and held doug 's stare - an imposing man who held an imposing position in the country , but it was his role as father that was the most intimidating now .
bev 's only daughter had moved across the country with her husband , so they each fulfilled a mutual need for the other .
he put out feelers with old contacts , hoping to start up his own security firm , which would be based in serendipity but would work with retired agents he knew who had spread out to various parts of the country .
if he were to dig deeper , he knew that there were thousands of similar shows across the country and even in the northeast each weekend , and it was no coincidence they 'd chosen the innocuous town of serendipity at the same time both he and nicole were here .
he 'd been covering a rigged election in a country where money laundering commingled with drug trafficking and guns blazed on the sunbaked streets .
colin had quit his day job and left the country .
out of the event , and sometimes out of the country .
not only would the vacation do wonders for rina 's mental health , but it would keep her out of the country and safe until ramirez was behind bars .
he 'd no sooner gotten rina safely out of the country than he had another female on his hands .
it seems his brother lives there and he 's out of the country on business for the next month . ''
despite having been in this country for decades , rosalita had always chosen to speak spanish to her children at home , watch spanish television channels , and stick to english only when at work .
he could counter marlene 's accusation with the fact that she left the country and her daughter for a selfish month - long honeymoon .
amber had traveled the country , viewing all the hotels in the chain and ultimately earning the head job in beverly hills at the unheard - of age of twenty - one .
although it had been a while since she 'd had to utilize them , amber had friends like caroline all around the country , especially in l.a . and here in her hometown .
and into the eyes of the woman he 'd been chasing halfway cross the country .
` ` that 's rich , coming from the man who 's been stalking her across the country .
the woman he 'd traveled across the country to reclaim .
she had held her own in third world countries and in the garment center of manhattan .
` ` yes , they 're still out of the country doing humanitarian work . ''
` ` my former agent 's on top of things while i ' m out of the country .
unfortunately yank 's description was dead - on accurate and every red - blooded male in this country probably now knew it , too .
` ` if you think this is hot for march , you should come to my country .
a woman who 'd remained in his home country after promising she 'd join him in the united states .
but no way would she fly across the country just because he had n't picked up his cell phone .
the whole country will get to experience the foul man . ''
for example , his mother , he had told his new acquaintances at emerson the week he arrived , had mysteriously disappeared five years ago after being force - fed an untraceable toxin bioengineered by an arcane band of rogue spies in some eastern european country that hannah was fairly certain did n't exist .
because he had also told his classmates that he used to have twin sisters , who had , alas , been kidnapped and sold into bondage by an arcane band of rogue slave traders in yet another country that hannah was pretty confident did n't exist - outer villainopolis .
` ` in this country ? ''
` ` so if you used to be a spy , '' she backtracked for a minute , ` ` then does that mean alex 's mother really did mysteriously disappear five years ago after being force - fed an untraceable toxin bioengineered by an arcane band of rogue spies in some eastern european country that i was fairly certain did n't exist ?
originally for her own country , but then she came to work for us at opus . ''
he 'd hoped adrian would channel his anger and resentment at society in general into a more specific enemy - the threat to his country .
of course , that was years ago , and in a different country .
in another country , even ?
she has too many neighbors in that building and she 's in the heart of the biggest city in the country .
desmond nesbitt is one of the wealthiest men in the country .
still , with a place like this , old man nesbitt could probably house the entire population of the country .
there was no freaking way she could see him being the kind of person who would sell out his country , sell out himself .
` ` the whole country could use your help . ''
they know that we were separated at birth and grew up in different parts of the country unaware of each other 's existence .
for years , sorcerer had been popping up in various parts of the country and causing trouble , then disappearing just as quickly without opus getting any closer to capturing him .
` ` also interesting , and significant , '' joel continued , ` ` is the fact that there have been a rash of online scams and crimes committed in recent months that have been traced back to a user or users in this part of the country . ''
and she would see him tossed into the most fail - safe prison in the country , if she had to slam the door shut and lock it behind him herself .
` ` in addition to learning how to run one of the biggest crime syndicates in the country i 'd also have to marry michael covey , a guy handpicked by my grandfather , and the biggest sleazebag on the planet .
the man was supposed to have been out of the country for years until last summer .
` ` i was ... born in the country . ''
it had been so long since she 'd been in the country .
` ` the man spends all of his time in the country or abroad .
somehow he needed to find a way to send her back to the country , and the sooner the better .
she 'd have the baby and all her friends and relations in the country .
even if d'arque survived a duel - and godric would n't put it past kershaw to cheat - he would be banished from the country .
this was the jews ' burial place , and he knew that during the day he would see the inscriptions on the headstones in a mixture of hebrew , english , and portuguese - for most of the jews in london had fled that country and its terrible laws against those who were not christians .
` ` we were ready to return from the country . ''
` ` wo n't we have to flee the country ? ''
but she is out of the country at the moment . ''
` ` it 's rumored he 's fled the country because of his debts . ''
with my copatroness out of the country , my funds are limited .
for though he had been born to a small and insignificant kingdom , he had , through courage , guile , and daring , defeated the surrounding larger countries until he controlled a vast and powerful kingdom .
prologue once upon a time , in a country without a name , a soldier was traveling home from war .
that country is vast and savage .
shame me and you shame every brave man who has fought for this country . ''
it is to provide for the well - being of the gallant men who serve this country and his majesty , king george , with their bravery , their labor , and sometimes their very lives .
` ` a missive from a colleague in another country .
he hates the country , he says .
i sent it to my sister in the country . ''
i believe he retired to the country after the war .
why not some other man of her own rank , of her own country ?
` ` so many things you must do properly in this country , i do n't know how you stand it . ''
or ... or she might not have expected us back from the country so soon . ''
` ` i have n't seen you since our return from the country . ''
` ` you come from a different country , one so far away .
living in a new country , one not quite as sophisticated as this ? ''
she almost did n't pick up when she glimpsed the unfamiliar number , until she noticed the country code .
as for him , he could n't in good conscience leave the country until he tracked down the three people victor grechko had n't gotten around to killing .
seems like the entire country is rife with corruption , starting at the lowest levels and going all the way up to the top .
with people like harkov and belikov and the rest of the sniveling pacifists at the helm , it was no wonder the people 's revolutionary front was planting bombs all over the country but orlov had yet to sever his alliance with harkov and the others .
` ` i ' m sorry , little dove , but the country comes first . ''
before every road in the country was crawling with cops .
this latest development was liable to send the country in an uproar .
it tells the citizens of this country that belikov and his people are not invincible , that ordinary folks like us can bring about change .
` ` orlov paints himself as a patriot , a man who puts his country ahead of personal ambition , but that is , pardon my french , bullshit . ''
she f**king hated this country .
there was a reason the vitebsk region of the country was often referred to as the land of lakes - this would n't be the first one they 'd cross before they reached the rendezvous point where liam and sullivan had stashed a second pair of range rovers .
the old barn housed the entrance of a bunker , which had been dubbed the crow 's nest back when the country was still part of the soviet union , a slave to russia .
his son was supposed to follow in his footsteps , perhaps even rule the country one day .
i 'll erase all traces of my presence from the scene and leave the country , and if anyone ever asks , i 'll say that the mighty alexei mironov slew the dragon .
during his taped recording to the belarusian media , mironov had revealed the existence of orlov 's torture bunkers , horrifying the country 's citizens and no doubt picking up hundreds of new followers .
left him waiting at her soho apartment , hopped a plane , and fled the country .
posing as an american journalist , she 'd infiltrated tengo ekala 's camp and cozied up to the man who 'd been terrorizing the country ever since he 'd come into power .
` ` i think it 's better if we get both of you out of the country .
god knows he had enough cash in his safe to get him out of the country on a second 's notice .
the three days they 'd spent in this country had been a total irritation .
trevor was out of the country at the time , and i think he blames himself for not being home to protect gina . ''
` ` i do miss the cuisine of my country , '' she admitted .
` ` my dream was to track serial killers all over the country .
` ` i ' m not even in the country . ''
i keep expecting my father to burst through the door and go ballistic , but of course , he 's on the other side of the country , and even with his finely tuned dad nose , he could n't smell it from over there .
what was once a thriving planet with many different species , and lush rivers flowing throughout , is now dry and desolate ; the rivers had divided the land into different masses that would be considered something like countries here .
when our people expanded into these outer countries and began to eradicate species necessary for the survival of the planet , the rivers began to dry up as the suns baked the land . ''
` ` of course whitney does n't want to deal with such a man , but he needs that diamond for the defense of our country , and he ca n't chance that the local military gets enough guts to take back those mineral - rich lands , nor can he take the chance that whoever has the mines next will do business with him .
` ` sam johnson has served this country time and time again , going above the call of duty . ''
our staff is kept small and is moved from country to country when needed . ''
our staff is kept small and is moved from country to country when needed . ''
the moment we have any ids or we know the entry points into the country , i 'll brief everyone , '' ryland said .
we do not use this term in my country .
he had degrees and offers , but he was driven to be a soldier , to defend his country and the people in it .
the women and children were the reason they put their lives on the line for the freedom of their country , to keep those they loved safe and protected .
` ` we go into dangerous countries and often must protect ourselves .
he loves his country and has dedicated his life to serving it . ''
not women , children , their country , or anything else .
team two called out of the country .
walking through a dark , hostile jungle could n't be any worse than a child waking up in a country she did n't know , bruised and battered .
diego jimenez was notorious , and the bounty on him had been astounding , in a country where poverty often overcame good sense .
and it explains why , once he knew you were in this country , he decided to isolate you in a spot where he could send a team in under the radar and pick you up . ''
men loyal to their country .
he had n't foreseen el presidente asking the u.s . president for help or the u.s . president sending an elite squad of urban fighters into the country to rescue the hostages in secret .
i 'd been so alone , felt so vulnerable , there in a foreign country with no real knowledge of how to live day to day without being in a military complex .
` ` you ca n't invade a foreign country , '' rose said .
if rose was serving on the ghostwalker team three , the man , as fanatical as he was about his country , would feel as if she was utilizing her training and might be more inclined to leave her alone .
he sneered at the name of the terrorist unit , but he had to give them kudos for scaring the crap out of every country they had visited .
stupid , but they 'd done it for the good of the country and their need for a home .
he did n't want to think about rhianna , off doing god knew what undercover in some foreign country .
you 're serving your country and you 're very good at what you do . ''
` ` is rhianna still out of the country ? ''
` ` he does n't have the balls to make this country strong .
get them the hell out of our country . ''
there were plenty of articles in newspapers , and her name was in numerous fbi and police reports across the country , and then there were her hospital records .
you 're the real thing , and whatever bullshit you ' ve been feeding law enforcement across the country about losing your abilities in a climbing accident does n't cut it with me . ''
in other words , it is difficult to tell where the truth is because once set loose , they have the ability to travel in and out of the country and even state to state without anyone knowing .
` ` and they were all out of the country ? ''
he 's many things , mr . montague , but he 's a patriot as twisted as his visions for the country are .
` ` for all of his sins , he wanted all of the soldiers he 'd worked on to survive and serve their country . ''
you 're willing to trade your life for your country ; well i ' ve got this talent no one else seems to have , and whether it 's a gift from god or a mutation , i do n't know , and frankly , it does n't matter .
he sold out his country , tansy .
the battles fought in this country ?
not all men can be seduced into betraying their country .
jess calhoun is a patriot and he 's given most of his life to his country .
and she sure does n't want to serve her country . ''
we have whitney who is a madman , making weapons for his country and thinking he 's as patriotic as all get out . ''
but peter whitney never sold out his country .
the women had been babies , orphans whitney had adopted from foreign countries , children he bought and paid for , experimenting on them without thought to their lives .
and there had been a private jet carrying the team of men who had chased briony across the country .
he 's certain he can produce the perfect weapons , psychically and physically , so that no one would ever suspect a child of being brought into a country and doing whatever needed to be done . ''
` ` he is n't selling his work to a foreign country .
` ` this is africa , jeb , '' she reminded him , ` ` a country rampant with suffering .
` ` he needs to get out of the country and i thought you might be able to help . ''
i have no reason to turn against my country or my friends . ''
` ` so he has to be in the country , '' ian said .
they may have wanted to make certain we were out of the country in case you did try to contact me . ''
if he flew in or out of the country at any point , we should be able to find a starting point .
` ` he could take me out of the country . ''
` ` fontenot is a very common name in this part of the country , cher .
like all the missing girls , dr . whitney had adopted her from a foreign country and brought her to his laboratory to enhance her natural psychic abilities .
whitney brought over a number of children , most infants , from various foreign countries .
he thought if he could find children with some signs of talent , he could boost their capabilities and improve on their ability to serve their country .
he was n't betraying his country .
and he was dedicated to his job and country .
she wanted to have her dreams of the man walking beside her and not think about death and spies and men selling out their country for money .
` ` he loves his country .
i ca n't imagine any of them betraying their country .
` ` dahlia , whatever these people do , they think they 're doing it for their country .
he would never betray his country , and i certainly would n't do so either . ''
i think he 'd exhibit the same loyalty to his country and to the ncis and his friends , '' nicolas mused aloud .
` ` this is dracula country .
traveling from country to country .
traveling from country to country .
until the vampire is found , and i very much doubt that he will remain in this country now , i will stay away from mikhail .
it 's certainly not native to this country or any tribe here in the amazon . ''
` ` how did you get all those weapons and your equipment into this country ?
` ` we have a few friends in this country with private planes and ships .
` ` you know you 're deep in carpathian country , '' fen pointed out .
another country it felt .
they take jobs and actually serve in the militaries of whatever country they 're in .
but i never once met a pair , not in any country i traveled in .
the lycans were well entrenched in every high society and public office in nearly every country .
the lycans who had taken dimitri had managed to move him very quickly out of the country .
they would have no reason to take him out of the country and then keep him alive just to torture him .
i mean , i ' m genuinely interested in the work , but i ' ve gotten to go to so many countries and see many amazing places , as well as meet some very cool people . ''
he had done so in the beginning to provide a sanctuary for his brother when he was injured in battle , but over the years , he 'd purchased lands in various countries to provide safe preserves .
many served in their countries ' military , no matter where their packs were located .
` ` he would have gone far away and joined a different pack , probably in another country .
` ` he 's out of the country right now . ''
are n't you supposed to be making all the women happy in another country ? ''
` ` good thing michael is out of the country . ''
it was , even if the cost of it could probably feed several villages in third world countries for a year .
hospitals and salons ... you 'd know where you were if you were blind and in a different country just by the smell .
all across the country , small - town america celebrated its stars with freeway signs that boasted things like hilton , utah , home of michael wolfe , hoping to draw in tourist dollars .
my aunt lived on the other side of the country and there was n't any other family .
like the entire country was north !
her brother , blake harrison , the current duke of albany , was quite popular in this country .
my filming schedule is massive over the next eighteen months , which will take me out of the country quite a bit . ''
` ` the whole damn country is filling up with them .
for the sake of the country and all that . ''
` ` last i looked my country and yours are allies . ''
` ` keeping you against your will for the sake of our great country . ''
you think i deserted my country ?
` ` is n't that what we 're going for , country ? ''
` ` this does say country . ''
how in the world was he supposed to snag a wife - no make that ... snag eliza - when he was jet - setting all over the country ?
although karen might seem shallow for wanting to snag a rich man for his money , deep inside she wanted to help many of the broken systems set up for the youth of the country .
` ` so dark it is ... and we want to make it across the country without refueling , so we need one of these larger models . ''
of course you 'd assume she immigrated to this country .
` ` blake and i decided that this year we wanted to get married outside of the country .
he did n't need to grow a long nose and pointy ears every full moon to help his family rid the country of evil .
` ` no one to worry about when i have to fly off to third world countries . ''
yet it was n't country in any way .
` ` i ' m talking about the trips out of the country . ''
` ` how are you liking our part of the country ? ''
there was someone an entire country away thinking of her , and one much closer depending on her .
a foreign country with multiple issues that would bring untold patients .
my country , my people , thank you . ''
and get this , the fairchilds own a charter company we use at the morrisons all over the country .
` ` sorry to drag you all the way across the country . ''
now after he 'd flown all the way across the country only to be put on the next plane home after one brief audience , it was going to be even harder doing it again .
there were a lot of physicians and nurses from all over the country all there for the same training . ''
we have twenty - five locations worldwide in seven different countries .
i 'd join her all over the country , but not chicago . ''
i moved all the way across the country and now live in the snow a good four months of the year .
texas was one of the only states in the union that was n't as hard hit by the recession depressing the country .
for a woman who understood four - hundred - dollar dinners in five - star restaurants and whose shoe collection alone could feed a small country ... it was the small things she was taking pleasure in now .
dean did n't think this mom left the country .
what if i 'd taken savannah and left the country ? ''
you 're the one who moved across the country and told me to call you if anyone showed up .
feeling at home in a country where she 'd never been was as foreign as driving on the wrong side of the road .
she was alone , but the feeling of being watched made her question the sanity of venturing off the marked road in a foreign country .
with helen out of the country , philip would be able to search her apartment and gather more information .
selma 's large extended family was flying in from all over the country .
gwen adams had several hits on the internet , mainly in reference to the renaissance fairs she ran throughout the country .
he attributed her curiosity to being from another country .
how had myra come into the country ?
interesting , a protective father who sent his daughter away to a different country without any money .
every bit of slang he 'd explained , he 'd checked off to her being from a different country , not a different time .
a father , a husband , a laird of an entire land , he might not have been the king of scotland but the outcome of this battle weighed on him as if he were fighting for an entire country .
who comes to a different country to visit a renaissance fair ?
to avoid persecution from her own people , she fled the country of her birth .
how do you expect to get me out of the country ? ''
` ` your father is the prime minister of a country , '' i say out loud .
it 's a small island country in the mediterranean .
dante 's father is the leader of a country .
we 're such a baby country compared to greece . ''
i ' m here , standing in a beautiful old palace in the most beautiful country i ' ve ever seen with the most beautiful boy i ' ve ever laid eyes upon .
why in the world is this country so obsessed with napoleon ?
i ' m in a beautiful country instead of having uncomfortable silences with my father right now .
heaven told me this morning that when the prime minister is n't home , the normal country flag flies .
i just used the word freak in a conversation with the prime minister of a country .
of a country .
` ` you live in a beautiful country with the world at your fingertips .
` ` you are almost of legal age to go to war and fight for your country .
i ' m in a foreign country , all alone , in love with the prime minister 's son and he 's too afraid to break out of his cage and love me back .
a kid from a foreign country comes in , and a local kid goes out .
it was built by the knights of malta back when they first occupied the country , when their strength was at its peak .
the sexy boy who grew into a sexy man , a man who fought hard for his country , a man who loved a woman he could n't have .
a different country would be preferable .
the poor thing had been left in the country for the past seven years with hardly a visit or communique from her elder brother .
he 'd been gone from that country more than twenty years .
it was either a newcomer - someone who 'd married into the peerage from another country or area - or someone who had n't been out in society for some years , or some distant relative .
choosing fleeting physical pleasures over responsibility to one 's country ? ''
after all , if an entire city , no , a country , could overthrow its reigning family and weaken the grip of an entire privileged class , why could one woman not overthrow her own personal dictator ?
` ` perhaps you might know when he is going to leave the country again ?
` ` and your brother promises to send his own army of made vampires with the emperor 's mortal soldiers , to wreak havoc on this country . ''
you 're telling me that someone hired you to follow me around the country , and you have no idea who that person is ?
` ` take her out of the country .
he deliberately kept the conversation light , telling her of the different countries he 'd traveled to , of the wonders he 'd seen .
hell , you 're done in the whole country . ''
i sent her out of the country .
you have to get out of the country , you have to get away , just like marjorie did . ''
and she was the one who 'd helped him to get marjorie out of the country .
for my country .
you should just ... you should get on a plane and get the hell out of the country .
` ` the guy might not even be in the country anymore , '' noah muttered .
elizabeth had n't flown all the way across the country just to lose saxon .
he flies across the country to play caveman with me ?
all she needs to do is earn some money somehow and then she can move to the other side of the country , to a place where he 'd never think to look for her .
they could totally have access to the leads the fbi comes up with around the country .
you went to the other side of the country !
the only story she could think about right now was a horror story that involved killers chasing teenagers across the country to stop them from testifying in a murder and drug trial .
` ` you tell me , country ! ''
how is it that a girl who 's spent her entire life in the top left corner of the country is talking like a girl from the bottom right or the bottom - middle part , like texas or whatever ?
is it really possible for city and country to live in harmony together ?
` ` love you too , country , '' i say back .
` ` gladly , country . ''
i was falling in lust with a man from oregon , and i lived on the opposite end of the country .
` ` so you 're just flying around all over the country following family tree leads ? ''
right now over half the cattle in our country are raised using methods she discovered and taught . ''
his was here and mine was across the country .
a spiritual place.it made sense that native americans had chosen to settle in this area of the country .
` ` maybe because we live across the country from each other ? ''
` ` and you 're kinda not , country . ''
city or country ?
` ` i did n't get on a plane and fly to another country without realizing it , did i ? ''
perry needs to leave the country because no one will ever forget that he put a car in his ass .
she could very possibly be a cover model from a foreign country , she 's so pretty .
he must be from some exotic foreign country because he looks nothing like any man i ' ve ever seen .
he 'd been ripping the country apart looking for her .
he 's rich as all hell , and he 's got a few of these ... safe spots around the country . ''
then he 'd get them out of the country until his battles were done .
` ` this is a dangerous part of the country . ''
they did n't , not unless ... ` ` the girls were taken from different states and different countries . ''
i ' m doing my best to keep all of my agents alive , and i will bring down this sob before he has the chance to escape the country again . ''
and so far , he had n't been out of the country .
cooper was out of the country when i first became aware of the rogue .
` ` he 'll be leaving the country asap . ''
one designed to get me out of the country . ''
` ` i think reed montgomery was murdered because he could back up cale 's story about being out of the country .
he 's the one who knows i was n't in the country when the first agent was killed . ''
` ` no way do we get to just waltz out of this country with you . ''
` ` the authorities have told me that diego guerrero is in the country , possibly operating under one of his aliases ... '' now juliana was staring straight into the cameras .
nearly swept away a whole country back in the middle ages .
night watch was reputed to be one of the best , if not the best , bounty hunting agencies in the country .
the woman who could tear into any defense attorney in the country at a moment 's notice was n't responding .
your job takes you all across the country , and we're - i do n't even know what we are . ''
` ` the briars are always big news in this part of the country , but with both the son and the husband dead , it 's going to be a circus . ''
the two men who 'd been returned alive had been ushered out of the country by their parents .
` ` i want them back in the country . ''
his parents had come to this country because they 'd wanted a fresh start .
he chased me around the country , helped save my life - i have to believe he 's a good reporter if he can do all that .
despite everything , our school district has the highest survival rate in the country .
i nod when derek tells us that he 's going to move out of the country once he 's eighteen .
` ` foetal abduction is n't so new for humans - this has been happening in countries like columbia for years . ''
like what country ? ''
he had the sculpted full lips , a strong but narrow nose , high cheekbones and the squared jaw of a male model from some foreign country .
we are in every state in the united states and every country in eastern and western europe , africa , the middle east , and the orient , among other places .
like a separate country , you might say .
i ' m suddenly grateful that christian has a whole night to recover from his snit - fit , and that he 's on the other side of the country .
he can not confine her to one side of the country .
dr . sluder is the one of the best in the country .
now that i was living across the country from will , that was over .
he said that noah had to go out of the country on a business trip that week , and he could n't change the dates .
she freaked and said she was leaving the country the next day to start a new job .
you left the goddamn country , jessie .
i was raised in the country , and i want to die in the country .
i was raised in the country , and i want to die in the country .
i ' m leaving the country for about a week or so . ''
the company had started up two generations before , but when it had finally made it into farrah 's hands it was struggling to draw in new clientele despite having helped some of the country 's fastest - growing businesses in the past .
` ` he 's one of those rich , young aristocrats who fled england to pursue pleasure in my country .
a note will be made with immigration , should you try to leave the country . ''
agents from all over the country knew of his tight rein and impossible expectations .
since my transfer , we had lived on opposite sides of the country , and i had become accustomed to missing him .
we were excited but a little scared of being in a foreign country by ourselves for the school year , but where i admitted it and moved on , claudia found something to bitch about so she did n't have to think about her anxiety .
` ` my daughter is in the middle of making two momentous decisions in her life and she was n't even in the same country as i was .
you were in another country . ''
` ` i forgave the fact that he left me after we spent the night together , i forgave him for leaving the country and then not looking me up when he came back , and i did all that because , yes , i loved him .
` ` so , okay , i really want to find out what you think of my home country . ''
their clothing and mostly healthy features marked them as fellow gemmans , the term their country 's citizens went by .
the runa had almost no regular interaction with this region , so their travel was being conducted through their sister country 's resources .
they could also be trusted to pass the country 's standardized tests that were required in all schools , public or private , with high scores that maintained the institute 's reputation .
some of the most important and influential people in this country send their children here .
` ` he 's out of the country .
why the hell would a servitor be outside the country ? ''
i ca n't be mae , fighting gloriously out there on the battlefield , but i can be the first leader in the runa 's history to ever set foot in semi - hostile territory , unafraid to further this country 's interest .
we 'll have other cultural experts with us to help us ' learn ' about the country .
and if you change your mind , you ' ve got a week to get in on one of the biggest international moves in this country .
i ca n't serve my country as a soldier anymore , but i can serve this way .
that 's big , yes , but getting her friends to pull shifts at my house still is n't on the same level as being part of a highly public entourage that 's traipsing into a hostile country .
` ` he says it affects our country as well .
the runa 's culture was so inextricably tied to that of its sister country , the ea , that asian cuisine was pretty ubiquitous .
` ` he was kicked out of the country , '' said daphne .
it does n't matter what nonsense he 's touting about bravery to the country ! ''
` ` where do you think i go when i say i ' m leaving the country ? ''
and i ' m hoping that if it 's widely known that justin 's out of the country , no one will come after these guys while we 're gone .
the arcadians merely glossed over the bios , however , and put their main effort into searching the gemman military who were staying in the country .
the arcadians want their people to believe the same of their country , and their tactic is to do so by not offering - or showing - them any other options .
` ` i ' m delighted to welcome you on behalf of our president and show you our great country 's finest hospitality .
that 's as true here as in your own country .
now if you only had his teachings in your country , you 'd be all set . ''
` ` well , i ' m thrilled that justin 's going to get to meet someone so exalted - it 's an honor for all of us , really - but i confess , i ' m just as excited for myself to finally get to see some of the wonders of your country .
i mean , probably not lucian since lucian 's not in the country . ''
tessa somehow doubted daphne was as concerned about the country as her career .
a number of less elaborate buildings flanked it , modern establishments that had been added on to carry the administrative burden of running an entire country .
he worked the room of government officials and made small talk , complimenting the country 's food and beauty .
the largest religious facility - if it could be called that - was the church of humanity , which was actually a secular institution that held services and sermons emphasizing the country 's social values .
in fact , the temples are the only places that sell them in the country , appropriately blessed and ready for offering . ''
because the scattered cults in your own country are but candle flames to this bonfire , said magnus .
` ` i ca n't imagine how much work you have to do for the rest of the country . ''
` ` no , but this country runs much more smoothly when enoch and i are in agreement - or at least when he thinks i ' m in agreement with him .
arcadia was a big country .
` ` mae , that man is part lunatic , part genius , and he runs the network of lunatics that runs this country .
but how could she when the country was filled with those salons ?
look cute and hopeful for the future of this country .
i thought we were out of leads when lucian left the country , but this may be bigger than talking to him directly . ''
there were student political groups all over the country , but this one , directly run by the citizens party , consisted of handpicked individuals from a demographic similar to tessa 's classmates .
it 's such an amazing country that offers those kinds of opportunities to its citizens .
it 'd be a repeat of what she 'd gone through tonight , with her answering prompts about how great the runa was and how grateful she was that it- especially under the leadership of the citizens party - was helping her find her way in this shining new country .
tessa could have access to answers beneficial to justin ... and the country .
they prize virgins in this country .
it was one thing to come in saying she would only observe and another to obey that when faced with not only her niece , but these other girls who were victims from her own country .
no surprise coming from a man who lived in splendor and excess while much of the country remained impoverished .
` ` even if the country is plunged into as much chaos as you say it will be , can a handful of our best missionaries truly effect change in that godless land ? ''
` ` this is a hard country for women , '' she said , choosing her words carefully .
and mae knew enough to know that the media stream was backed up and run out of several points throughout the country , exactly for the purpose of avoiding crashes .
and you 'll be caught and trapped in our country .
i mean , nehitimar 's worship has been strong in arcadia almost since the country 's founding .
the country would stop running .
from what mae had learned , runaway wives and concubines were rare , but surely it was rarer still for one to try to slip out of the country pretending to be a foreigner .
no way would mae leave her behind , and at this point , she was facing so many complications when - and if - she made it back to her country that tacking on one more hardly seemed significant just then .
now , it seemed very possible the knife 's master was offering her the opportunity to thwart her country 's enemies as well .
and will he have a god 's power to help guide the country ? ''
i ' ve never felt power like this ... not here in my own country , at least ... '' mae did n't dare answer , not when her voice would possibly give away her identity and most certainly her nationality .
` ` out in the real country ... yeah , you 'll get all kinds of barbarism .
` ` girls stolen from our country . ''
` ` you guys are going to need to get in touch with the people back home to get that delegation into the country . ''
and if it happens before we leave the country , there 's no way they 'll let their delegation come with us .
and if that was the case , he had to believe she would n't do this without a concrete plan to get back to her own country .
` ` succeeds in getting a group of girls through a hostile country and through a highly protected border , you mean ? ''
i love this country . ''
tessa was finally able to make her decision the day she found out justin was back in the country .
i was annoyed at first when he left the country , but the delay might have been for the best , in light of all this other stuff that 's been uncovered .
would the authorities go to such extremes for a soldier from an enemy country ?
it was still high summer , and this part of the country was in a drought , which had proved a blessing in some ways .
there were slight accent differences between gemman and arcadian english , and it was possible they were more pronounced away from the country 's urban centers .
` ` will we live with you in the new country ? ''
justin had been a fool not to guess that someone on the verge of occupying one of the two highest offices in the country would have been tipped off on this .
you can believe what you want of me , but i plan to do amazing things in this country , and i want a partner who can match that .
to lucian , justin asked , ` ` is it you who really plans on doing amazing things in this country , or your god ?
in the meantime , trust that i really do have good intentions - for her and for the country . ''
i ' ve fought for my country and risked my life countless times .
and it 's possible it could ' ve been a fugitive , someone not legally in the country , as rare as that is . ''
she spoke casually , like robbing a country 's religious leader really had been just a side trip .
you have the honor of being his first and greatest priest in your country , and this torc mae gave to you in anger will only aid your quest .
of course , it would ' ve been happier still if it had happened at a time when mae was in the country .
unfortunately , the eastern alliance honored its sister country 's policy toward exiles .
we still went forward with the wedding and planned to leave the country afterward , before they could come after us .
and so , after that ... well , how could i stay in the country that had torn us apart ?
` ` will this get me out of the country ? ''
loyalty to the runa 's sister country kicked in , as did a simple dislike of seeing someone facing such overwhelming odds .
he 'd come back starstruck , full of stories about the country 's technology and the luxuriant way its citizens lived .
she was just as fascinated by that glittering , mythical country as the rest of her family , but completely relocating to a society so unlike her own was terrifying .
` ` because he wants to run the country ?
the only thing mae put her faith in was her country .
before she could answer that disconcerting question , he added , ` ` at least as far as this stuff and our country go ? ''
and as for his country ?
` ` how is it possible that someone who bemoaned his fate in panama for four years chooses the most provincial bar i ' ve ever seen in this country ? ''
studying at home was a valid option in panama - the only one , actually , for ladies of her class - but here , the country 's standardized education system was the path available to her .
all of the early genetic mixing had gone a long way toward stamping out group solidarity , and the loose greco - roman models the country had adopted had provided a new , all - encompassing culture that everyone could be a part of .
` ` i ' m just trying to do my job for my country .
tessa almost felt as though she 'd been transported to some other country until she saw the media screens scattered throughout the space .
he reminded everyone how lucky they were and how wise their country 's leaders were .
the runa 's other neighbor , arcadia , had formed when the southeastern region of the former united states had chosen not to band with the rest of the country and canada because they opposed the harsh mandates .
near the airport , state - funded light - rail tracks were under construction , promising the efficiency the rest of the country enjoyed .
it does n't require much skill to have a baby - or to make one , apparently - and then after that , we 'll have it sent out of the country . ''
` ` infatuation with my country , i guess . ''
the other half displayed a map of the land grants in the great plains region of the country .
it 's a gift from our country that must be returned . ''
` ` i serve the most powerful force in the country , mother . ''
the alchemists have one re - education center in this country , and it happens to be a few hours from where she was taken .
maybe she went to re - education in some other country .
chapter 22 adrian i do n't think sydney or i truly relaxed until we were on olga dobrova 's private jet hours later , up in the air and on our way to court on the other side of the country .
my father had assumed his responsibilities at court and sent rand out of the country on errands that were mostly meant to keep him out of the way and give him things he could n't screw up .
kizzy 's mother wore a kerchief like she was some peasant in a foreign film , and her father had lost two fingers to a wolf back in the old country .
they did things in their scattered , crooked sheds that most suburban kids would only ever see in a documentary , or perhaps on a church mission to a third - world country -- things involving axes and offal and an intimate understanding of how to turn an animal into a meal .
look at their country .
angels in rome , warning of beasts and wars , while here , in a muslim country , we unearth ... demons .
the sky was just the sky now , the thin atmosphere above these african mountains , and that anomaly that had made eretz seem like ... like a neighboring country on the other side of a turnstile ... it was over , and now eretz seemed very , very far away , impossibly and fantastically far , like an imaginary place , and the blood that was being shed there- oh god .
it was so obvious to her , but all the moroccan doctor could see was his own fury - and his own culpability , since he was the one who 'd brought them here to drag his country into infamy .
karou was laughing , and nodding , and liraz was sobbing and laughing , and they fell against each other , the canteen between them , its precious cap replaced , and their relief was a shared country , because against her senses karou had felt the stir of stormhunters ' wings , and the high roaming wind of the adelphas mountains , the beautiful , mournful , eternal song of the wind flutes that filled their caves with music , and also : a note that she did n't remember from before .
before the blood fever crippled our country , his clothes would have been as luxurious as his guest 's .
the port capital of kenettra that sits on the northern coast of the country - it 's perhaps the farthest city from dalia - and the place i 'd originally wanted to escape to .
the fever had struck the country in waves for a full decade , starting with my home city of dalia and ending here , in estenzia .
` ` and i still say we all forget about saving this damned country , ship off to beldain , and live like kings .
and with giulietta 's support , they will rid the entire country of malfettos .
kenettra has a new ruler , and the country 's young elites are at war . ''
and then we take over the country . ''
apparently he 's also granted sector clearance to soldiers across the country in order to have them join him .
rubbing a pounding temple , sarah said , ` ` so the better option was to leave me stranded in a part of the country i ' ve never been in before ? ''
chapter three since i had come to the states , i had lived in almost every major city in the country .
he does woodworking as a hobby , something i always thought was odd for a man with enough money to furnish a small country .
and this is something happening in our backyard , not some big political movement in another state or another country .
on the second night , i chalked it up to celebrating being in a new country .
i 'd never gone to college at all , let alone in another country , a fact that my father was quite fond of bringing up .
` ` that stupid girl is going to wind up kidnapped or something , and i ' m not paying the ransom just because she decided to go off gallivanting in third world countries . ''
the combination of scots , gold , and the french tongue , mentioned in this area of the country , could bring only one thought to the mind of anyone who had fought through the last days of the jacobite rising .
time did n't make all the difference , after all ; i could walk across the city and find people who lived without many of these conveniences - farther abroad and there were entire countries where people lived in reasonable content and complete ignorance of electricity .
the past was a dangerous country .
and somewhere in this strange country of the past was the man i had come to find .
the church allows ye to kill if ye must , in defense of yourself , your family , or your country .
` ` you had always meant to leave the country altogether ? ''
` ` i am come to a country of women coarse and rank as bears . ''
` ` richardson said he wanted me because i knew the country .
` ` for one can hardly separate your interests from those of your country , can one ?
he had n't simply gone to look up something in an old book - which would have been strange enough , though to be sure himself was a scholar and they 'd do anything - but had abandoned his wife and children without notice and hied away to a foreign country !
` ` well , no-'pisky ' is cornish ; they 're called pixies in other parts of the west country , though . ''
then i am sure you will have no objection to performing a small service for your country . ''
` ` there will be a movement called the terror , and people will be pulled out of their homes and denounced , all the aristocrats will either be killed or have to flee the country , and it wo n't be too good for rich people in general .
here i stand on the brink of war again , a citizen of no place , no time , no country but my own ... and that a land lapped by no sea but blood , bordered only by the outlines of a face long - loved .
` ` the nectar of the country , i ' m given to understand , '' he said with a wry smile .
we begged you not to take him away from his friends - away from us - and move him halfway across the country , but you did n't listen .
` ` it 's a large country , noah .
we ' ve been traveling since graduation in june , visiting art galleries , exploring the country and each other .
last fall , she trekked across the country working for different stores , and for two weeks while she had stopped in kentucky , we traveled down each other 's pants .
each stop across the country has been a perfect spot to observe them , but echo always chose to stare straight ahead at the flames .
` ` you get to study for a full year under one of the best artists in the country .
and it 's one of the best universities in the country .
like , he was from a different country .
strange , awful things happened like that all the time in cities across the country .
and when she does , she and her brother will go to a non - extradition country and she 'll be able to get a job helping kids like him and they can finally live a happy life , free of lance tonin .
` ` both of you may think that her plan of moving to another country where our laws ca n't find you is the answer , but it 's not .
now it 's just full of boxes , like it would be if i recently moved across the country .
i 'll come and stay for a few weeks when i get back into the country .
we could forget about sebastian , get married and spend eternity making love on a beach somewhere in a third world country . ''
it 's hard to tell how many towns across the country could have him listed as a missing person .
he says that this country was his salvation , and that it 's been a peaceful refuge until recently . ''
thirteen minutes later , i ' m slowing to a stop in front of my mother , who 's waiting patiently and demurely beneath the grand front entrance of the country club .
this country wo n't be safe for me anymore .
evidently , if something had happened to dad , he was supposed to get us out of the country , but only mom knew what to do after that .
technically , i ' m not even supposed to be back in the country , '' i say conspiratorially .
her question irritates me , as does everyone 's assumption that i ' m working , just because i ' m back in the country .
it will cement my future in ways that i wo n't be able to change , like the fact that i 'll have to leave this country .
this girl is blond , which is n't as common in this country .
he 'll have to leave this country if he does n't accept witness protection .
` ` zane 's team will hit up the radio stations across the country .
i could n't do that when you were on the other side of the country .
we 'd lived in several countries , and we acclimated to other cultures well .
he had a strong irish accent even though he 'd lived in this country for more than twenty years .
you could serve god , serve your country , or serve the ones you love , but to find true happiness you must always serve someone or something other than yourself . ''
they were hitting medium - sized venues all around the country , trying to gauge interest in a blowout arena tour .
i knew he was going to be singing this song all over the country to thousands of other women , but the look on his face said the only person he was going to be thinking about was me .
singing about sex with you to people all over the country makes me want to come home and fuck you . ''
` ` it 's so honorable to spend your life fighting for your country . ''
i mean , i 'd be sad if they had to tour the country , but it would be worth it .
i did n't want him to leave to tour the country .
born in knoxville and moved all over the country for the next eight years before we landed at fort benning in columbus , georgia . ''
the drift played sold - out shows all across the country .
` ` i think you 're selling america short by assuming that because people did n't go to college or never finished high school , they are n't able to form their own opinions about how they want this country or their community to run .
you 'll get the best education you possibly can from one of the best universities in the country , and then you 'll leave , '' he told them frankly .
i ' ve recently acquired a grant , and i 'll be doing research with several universities around the country and working directly with the washington post .
he could n't compromise his ideals , the campaign , or the country for anyone ... not even liz .
one of these , well , to be frank , ladies and gentlemen , have you ever considered how difficult it must be to date while helping to run the country ? ''
she was working in genetics , but marilyn had worked nearly thirty years in chemistry and knew faculty all over the country .
at that event , i , along with several of my colleagues , spoke about the future of our country .
no matter where you come from or what you 're doing right now , this is your country . ''
he graduated from the best law school in the country and is clerking for the supreme court and you 're still the golden boy .
` ` i think a lot of people who say they hate country are thinking of like , vince gill and randy travis .
modern country is n't like that .
i mean , it 's still unmistakably country for the most part , but it 's not your preconceived notions of country . ''
each and every day , even if we 're just rolling across the country on the tour bus , holds new joy and fresh and exciting things to see and feel and hear and do .
a guitar chord thrums , and ` ` country must be country wide '' by brantley gilbert starts .
i 'd thought i 'd found myself on this journey around the country , but it turns out once football was taken away i still do n't know who i am .
they 're signed with calloway music , kylie 's parents ' label , and with the calloways producing and guiding and honing them , echo the stars have found a sound that people all over the country are clamoring for .
( growing up in tacoma , george knew any number of other evangelicals , plus a packet of mormons , a few catholics , and even practising buddhists from the largest integrated asian community in the country .
' at least he 's not off with some hot new girlfriend in another country ?
- so he 'd better leave the country altogether or she 'd have him arrested .
mehmet , meanwhile , was feigning stomach illness to try and leave early , which he regularly did on friday afternoons , and george had also spent the entire day toiling over the almost literally incredible news that kumiko had yet to acquire a mobile phone that worked in this country , so he had no way of calling or texting her , or obsessing over calling or texting her , or obsessing over not calling or texting her and had reached a point of near - implosion about having nothing but her word that he 'd ever see her again .
' a big country by america . '
the woman 's accent was also oddly ( ' and again ' ) unplaceable , clear but foreign in a way that suggested not a country but a kind of ancientness .
it was one of the things he liked about this country , the solicitude .
now , there 's a good country for workers ' rights . '
a man who 's fought for his country and ours .
and that means ... ' he laid a roughened hand gently on his daughter 's expanded belly ' ... this little fellow here is going to set foot , god willing , in god 's own country . '
you ' ve been serving your country and mine for five years .
before they landed , she was lauded up to the skies as being beautiful , accomplished , helpful and brilliant ... ; but instead of that we found an ugly , brown - necked , red - complexioned , lazy hussy who had not a good word to say about anyone or anything in this country ...
' seen a lot of countries , have you ? '
nowhere but in the british navy had she seen the blatant difference in the men 's living conditions , and it made her wonder about the country she was heading to .
we are returning to a country that is likely to be unfamiliar to us .
margaret thought , staring out at this strange new country .
he enclosed her in his arms again , then reluctantly released her , and margaret found herself clinging to his hand , as if it were a lifeline in this new country .
sometimes i can read about an animal dying or a child being murdered somewhere in another country , and i will literally cry all day .
he could hear gemma 's voice , the scepticism with which she had repeated his statement : ' you 're taking a little girl you do n't know and her family to the other end of the country and it 's an ` ` emergency '' .
she did not look like someone preparing to travel the length of the country .
' actually , i read somewhere that to qualify for the top one per cent in this country you would need to earn more than a hundred and forty thousand pounds a year , ' she said helpfully .
he was angry that they had come all this way across an entire country just to fail again .
i ' ve dragged the kids halfway around the country on some wild goose chase because i thought i could somehow better their chances .
we got to see some parts of the country we would never have seen .
you know about the country . ''
he made casual conversation - asked the driver about the area , who else he had driven for , what life was like for an ordinary man in this part of the country .
` ` i ' ve heard it said that two people must be in the same country for a while to have one . ''
she saw a poky series of rented rooms , anthony out all day working , herself afraid in a strange country without him .
it 's still the same country . ''
` ` and it 's a different country . ''
she has filed the story about surrogate mothers , and tomorrow she will travel to paris to interview a chinese charity worker who is not allowed to return to her home country because of controversial comments she made in a british documentary .
everyone knows it does n't count if you 're in another country . '
i stared out through the gap in the splintered boards , watching the endless movement of troops , prisoners and civilians through my battered country , holding the dozing liliane in my arms .
and if i do , she thinks , sophie will be on record for ever as a woman who slept with a german , who betrayed her country as well as her husband .
' and this is where i remind you yet again that mooning means something quite different in this country , ' paul says , steering her towards the kitchen .
madame louvier is recorded as remarking in her diary that it was one thing for hoteliers to disappear on a whim to foreign countries , without so much as a by - your - leave , but quite another for them to come back looking quite so pleased with themselves about having done so .
i could see from her face what she thought : that she did n't want to be travelling round australia with her mum and an old woman , that she would rather be headed for a foreign country , flying on an aeroplane with her friends , giggling , staying up late and sending homesick postcards .
we did n't get many english people in silver bay , and it was several years since i 'd heard the accent of my own country .
my parents had always impressed upon me the need to hang on to your wallet when in a strange country .
i lay awake at night , watching her , trying to picture her in prison in a cold , grey country a million miles from here , surrounded by unfriendly faces .
it was too good a story : the battered girlfriend of a political wannabe who fled the country after accidentally killing their child .
he says our heating bills are larger than the gdp of a small african country .
' the country , ' he said , as if considering it .
after a fortnight of rejections , he and mum admitted they would have to apply for benefits , just to tide them over , and spent their evenings poring over incomprehensible , fifty - page forms which asked how many people used their washing machine , and when was the last time they had left the country ( dad thought it might have been 1988 ) .
' she 'll end up running the country , that one .
the only equivalent was if i thought about thomas , waiting to die in some strange country , and as soon as that thought came to mind it made something inside me actually flip over , it was so hideous .
26 in other circumstances i suppose it might have seemed strange that i , lou clark , a girl who had rarely been more than a bus ride from her home town in twenty years , was now flying to her third country in less than a week .
drew could be playing for a team clear across the country .
so he turned to coaching and is one of the best coaches in the state , if not the entire country .
across the country .
on the road with the team , playing games all over the country , and i 'll be stuck at home , making sure owen 's getting good grades .
take off again to start the preseason , traveling around the country playing f**king football while she stays at home and raises our child .
just because i ' m traveling all over the country and have crazy women screaming at me does n't mean i love you any less .
they 'd been high school sweethearts , and somehow their relationship had survived the last eight years of craziness as our band moved from the garage to the biggest arenas in the country .
mama hated the fact that bree showed up all over the country just to be with me .
our crossover tour with jacob 's ladder grew bigger and bigger , and we sold out more and more shows as we crisscrossed the country .
but it also had enough storage beneath for the guys ' equipment , and it would get them back and forth across the country to the festivals and venues they would be playing at .
` ` you 're leaving the country ? ''
` ` i ca n't just up and leave for a strange country in less than a week . ''
i hear our dear bleu will be leaving the country . ''
he had offices all over the country and abroad , although he made the boston office his home .
alexander had recently been named one of the country 's most eligible bachelors by esquire magazine , but that was n't something he really bragged about .
it was good to go for business reasons , but , unfortunately , there were so many trust funders who continued to jockey for position in new england society just by associating themselves with alexander , whose successful company had secured him a place as one of the most sought after bachelors in the country .
bank records indicated that she bounced around from city to city all over the country .
he 's one of the most eligible bachelors in the country .
one of the country 's most eligible bachelors is no longer eligible after proposing to his now fiancee , chelsea wellington , at a swanky new year 's eve ball last night in new york city .
we have offices all over the country .
she started to read the article to him : ` ` ' sad day for the ladies of new england and possibly the entire country .
` ` we 're with olivia , and she 's about to marry one of the country 's most eligible bachelors . ''
she did n't care that he was one of the country 's richest and most successful single men .
i would never betray my country like that ! ''
` ` alex , darling , i am perfectly aware of all your previous sexual exploits , as is most of the country . ''
it is n't the best burger you will ever eat , but it is as close as i can get without flying across the country . ''
he 's out of the country right now . ''
i would miss her if she was all the way across the country , and i doubted that drake would survive long with her that far away .
you would n't move all the way across the country for some fucking school unless you were running away from something .
i wanted to get on a plane and follow lana across the country !
i was forced to follow them around the globe as ariana had made it big in country after country , becoming the face for advertisement after advertisement .
i was forced to follow them around the globe as ariana had made it big in country after country , becoming the face for advertisement after advertisement .
we were all smiles as opposed to the tension that everyone had been feeling just twelve months before when lana had announced that she was moving across the country to start a new life that did n't involve drake .
she was living at one of the best facilities in the country and she seemed happy there .
tom was out of the country for the next year or so , business or pleasure i still was n't sure .
after ordering what seemed like enough food to feed a small country , we settled down and watched television while we waited .
no person could handle all of that with just one assistant who lived on the other side of the country .
you got into the country 's top rated nursing school and passed at the top of your class .
the crash cart was ready and waiting , as well as the surgeon on call - one of the top rated surgeons in the country .
of course it had taken gabriella 's cousin coming in with her brother who was one of the top rated spinal injury specialists in the country to figure that out .
i talked to her more than anyone else in the world , and half the time she was the length of the country away .
i was going to miss her like crazy just like i did every time we were on opposite sides of the country .
i had a penthouse on both sides of the country , but a house for the three of us would be much better .
he 'd been serving his country , making our country a safer place , but it had also brought him back to me .
he was sure that afghan army would have problems if they had to evict the us and other military forces from the country while fighting an invasion from iran .
he did n't care if general sherzai claimed that he 'd chased the americans completely out of the country .
page six was a copy of a letter to the pakistani president chastising him as not being a good muslim by not allowing the allied military forces to exit afghanistan in a timely manner and also inviting the pagan chinese to invade his country .
page seven was copy of a letter to the chinese president informing him that iran had invaded his country without provocation .
if we find an open route , we 'll move quickly and leave this accursed country .
if you knew what most of the rest of the country looks like , you d be even more amazed by this place .
people in that part of the country kept mainly to themselves anyway .
the country was overwhelmed by revolts and riotswe watched as the world literally fell apart .
not just to us , as our dear friend and andys wife , but to the future of this country and the world .
were probably one of the only places in the country where you can get this kind of stuff .
well have distributed our own power systems to communities across the country , and there will be no need for their dirty energy anymore , rolando said and stopped , avoiding maria and janes gaze and making hard eye contact with me .
while we were sequestered in various quarters of the lab , takeshi , jane , and the rest of the cowboys were holding their own meetingsexamining schematics of more than two hundred nuclear power plants scattered around the country , coming up with tactical divisions , doing field reconnaissance , and running practice drills .
the rest of the world had undergone significant global warming and climate change that was contributing to the constant meteorological dysfunction that was plaguing our country .
but the cowboys were good at what they did , and despite a few run - ins here and there with hostile groups , there were no major incidents reported during the course of their travel across the country .
it was so easy to forget that the rest of the country was in absolute chaos , while we got to live our daily lives in the sanctuary of our fertile valley .
now we go forth , deliver this country from darkness .
they probably have more money than any corporation , or country , in the world at the moment .
its kind of funny , we have this huge issue with the virus , that we ve forgotten there s still about three million people out there suffering from everything from post traumatic stress disorder , to general anxiety disorderi suppose well go back to caring about those people rather than just having them suck it up because right now the country is messed up .
you know they are the ones that destroyed the kawasaki kisen kaisha if there are so many people on the inside from countries that are being affected then why have nt they stopped this ?
even with all this shit going on in the country , were still managing to kill ourselves doing dumb shit .
i see pictures of them when they are younger , they at all different places across the country .
then again , the whole country is going to hell .
around the country riots continue as most of the blame for all of the incidents has fallen upon c - shapes .
i never imagined that the country should change so quicklyso dramatically and beautifully .
both died bravely and selflessly for their country and comrades , but they died under the leadership of one of historys greatest butchers and madmen .
the sign outside said this is the oldest inn in the country , allen commented .
they used a mixture of patriotism , old south nostalgia and the fear of the changing ethnic nature of the country .
my fears , as well as vanessas , led us to eventually send family and friends post cards from a series of foreign countries .
annie babbled on about how much a chore it was to keep a good home while the man of the house was away defending their country .
there was a rack of motorcycles outside , as well as cars with plates from around the country .
he had seen a lot of strange things in his native country that still , after all these years , held pockets of superstition and voodoo .
you have disgraced your husband , your state , your country , your god and yourself .
this includes the name of martin chalfont and also the country these events took place in .
it was one of those maps that for some reason boasted where all their other motorway service stations are located around the country .
anyway , for once it was now doing something useful as it showed me exactly where in the country i was .
services were held in a special place out in the country under the stars .
that bridge has the most prolific sightings of unidentified aberrations in a four - state region , maybe the country .
has he left the country with his share of the loot ?
do you love your country ?
this is why i ask if you love your country ?
this is my own world , my own country , my own home , tom whispered in disbelief ; what ungodly master could have caused such chaos ?
what remmie said : do you love your country ?
as a matter of fact , as an example , i imported these two beautiful works of art into the country about thirty - years ago .
we met on the island country of singapore , voyid said in an emotionally sunken tone .
its a wonderful country that has yet to be reborn , remmie replied .
it started here in the city , but with the publication of the great word , its been making quick inroads around the country , mostly in urban and college areas .
i know keech is as dirty as they come , hell , he s a maniac , but he s got us and the country by the balls .
the country has seen and survived worse than keech and his church , and i m sure he wo nt be the last of his type .
someday we may come to understand why a privileged person such as michael chen , or jennifer morgan , or any of the others in their dysfunctional cabal would ally themselves with foreign enemies and turn on this blessed country that gave them so much success .
don also injected her with respect , camaraderie , and a sense of duty ( if not to god , but at least to country . )
none of these gadgets , can leave the country , for obvious reasons .
but they were bound for some rough ( and possibly dangerous ) country , once they arrived in the steppes of central asia .
( its not what your country can do for you ; its what you can do for your country ! )
she was proud to serve her country , but don did nt need to know the intimate details .
he loved the mediterranean best , because it gave him a chance to see the old country , his native greece , which was the finest place on earth , outside the good old usa , in his opinion .
its lonely country out that way .
she had put out and given her all for don and her country ( and was still willing to go the extra mile ) , but she was tired of working in the dark .
did he tell you that it was ok to rut for your country ?
close your eyes , grit your teeth , ' n just remember , it 's for your country !
he bought it from a bankrupt dot - com - er who had to leave the country in a hurry .
i have but one tail to shake for my country .
what the bloody hell has happened to this country ?
listen : gog needs to leave the country , baby .
were goin to leave this country , n find a nice tropical hideout .
i need you , your country needs you , and the master needs you now .
very soon now , this whole country is going to be turned upside down , and you and estrella must survive the coming chaos .
in what country ?
i did not want to meet anyone from south africa , i knew next to nothing about the country , it would take this person only a few minutes of conversation to discern this .
` ` there have been reports that it is happening all over the city and possibly the country .
but the reporter had said all over the country too .
the reporter on the television had said that this had been happening all over the city , maybe all over the country .
i could use a journey and see country that has some green in its hue .
the star contained a reminder of the country or area that once was .
as we watched and waited from the streets of washington city , they systematically destroyed every single military base in the country .
there was no more united states , no more germany , russia or any other country that stood before the invasion .
his commitment was to god and country , and nothing would ever change that .
this may very well be our last night ever in this country .
it was sad , but liaos country had gone through similar trials .
unemployment is low compared to many places in the country , but even here stands at almost 5 % .
since the new raft of austerity measures kicked in in 2013 , unemployment has risen dramatically across the whole country .
we have one of the lowest poverty rates in the country here , and so people tend to forget that each individual has a story , everyone feels the cold if they do nt have a roof , or even if they do have one if they ca nt afford heating .
variety really is the spice of life rural oxfordshire is rightly one of the wonders of the country .
eastern europeans who have come to england looking for a better life away from the struggling eurozone countries are treated as scroungers , only good for cleaning floors even though it is nt unusual for a cleaner to have a degree in engineering , working way below their education level .
while in some ways , the uk has benefited , with scottish and welsh companies exporting bottled water to spain , days of snow causing shutdowns across the country will more than offset the economic benefit we have seen from those industries .
it had been the hope of global environmental groups , that with chinas five year drought in their yunnan province , the country may be more willing to accept un proposals for emissions limiting , despite the slowdown that chinas economy would suffer because of them .
ironically , although their weak economy is the main reason for their pull out , greece has now insulated itself from any direct fallout from the eurozone , and with direct control over their finances again , they are likely to have a better chance of bringing their country back to competitiveness , although repayments of loans to the eu will still be causing hardship for the country for decades to come .
they have other reporters in the country , but they all seem , stunned .
if scotland decides to stay , then the matter is likely to remain closed for the lifetime of everyone in the country .
no country in the last 200 years has had as many inventors and innovators as scotland , and their association with england has allowed what is a small country , to have global presence way above that which it could have achieved alone .
i do nt know if its that the scottish people are happy with the way the country is right now , but i have a feeling that its more that they re just worried that an independent scottish government would make an even bigger hash of it than westminster has .
people in japan and the surrounding countries , who were the ones lucky enough to be facing mars at the time of the main flyby , were uploading some pretty cool images .
edmond had spent hours pouring over the far - flung countries on that spinning atlas , imagining the beasts , waterfalls , rainforests , and impenetrable mountains he might one day get to seehmm , if mr . mulqueen was as good as his word on the small matter of the expulsion .
you always used to tell me about those faraway countries on the drinks globe .
he searched the country trying to find an appropriate lab , but for a long time did n't avail .
now arael , like emaro , was a center of defense on the front lines of any potential attack from the other country .
apparently , strange things had been happening all over the country .
the country had been steeped in famine for months now , and michael was lucky to eat a meal once a week that was nt pasta .
this was how the government managed to have eyes and ears all over the country , without the burden of paying for all the warm bodies such a task would otherwise require .
enough to bribe the guards at the nearest checkpoint , so maybe they would look the other way while he slipped through the line and away from this messed - up country .
so , louis , what brings you to this fine country ?
she was killed in cold blood by the dictator of this unholy country , harris kole himself .
this country is no different from any other communist dictatorship in history .
this place was a silver and gold mining town back when the country had still been called the united states of america .
that country was alien no longer .
in the old country , the veremaurs had existed for as far back as any of us raconteurs can remember , and we remember far back into history let me assure you .
pretty soon smiths were defined in the same way that one might define a country , the only difference being they were encased in titanium shells .
` ` okay , i understand , but what 's the big deal about these plans , from what it looks like , it would take enough money to run a medium sized country just to build , and if anyone were building this thing , you 'd know about , so why worry ? ''
they were torn apart and so was the country .
he declared that the state of texas was now the country of texas , and that all properties and equipment of the american government were annexed .
the population of the new country heartily backed this move ; since most of them had been raised on the notion that texas ought to be its own country anyway .
the population of the new country heartily backed this move ; since most of them had been raised on the notion that texas ought to be its own country anyway .
a huge number of texans living in other parts of the country flocked back to their native land .
the rest of the country swayed neither one way nor the other , but held firm , and tried to ignore the politics .
` ` i was part of what you know as the russian ' mafia ' before i came to this country .
it had been a year altogether when the harrowing events sent ultra team 7 from one end of the country to the other , facing corporate assassins , mob bosses and their underlings , insane armies of the past and finally , almost their match in genetic science gone horrible wrong .
in fact , it used to be just a big barn ; a lot of the towns anymore are the same , since farms had some of the best gravity - based irrigation in the country .
we can be in a country a world away at a moment 's notice , but it still takes time to reform an entire culture .
they used a joystick and maneuver their reteerg spaceship down to their assigned country on earth .
maybe there s other people around the country with missing loved ones or friends ?
all across the country , the same think happened at major airports in philadelphia , washington , dc , orlando , miami , atlanta , chicago , dallas , phoenix , los angeles , and seattle .
two hours later , and they had posted an ad in craigslist and backpage on all available cities in the countries around the world and in the us .
i would nt let the other country leaders know about this .
this alien spoke english because sandark ordered all the aliens to speak in the native language of the country their spaceship was located .
the directors of these homes knew better than to ask questions , but some other funeral home directors across the country knew the reason .
welcome all the leaders of earth , sandark said while his broadcast reached every country around the world .
its in the country and does nt have the large crowd of people like where the united nations is located .
several other countries are borderline .
what country will be the next to be attacked this way ?
with things the way they are , you still plan to traipse around the country studying religious cults ?
they were all over the country and in germany , the uk , sweden , india , japan , korea , the uae , israel , and australia , at varying levels of market saturation .
perhaps the military had encountered them , or perhaps they had selected some small backwater country and the news had just not yet leaked out .
our trip that day was to indian country .
i may not have been born in this country , but i am a citizen .
he studied diagrams of door lock mechanisms obos had found in the country 's patent files .
his imminent arrest and prosecution had left him little choice but to flee to a country that would be unlikely to ever deport him if caught .
james story was not unique amongst the group ; several others were wanted by international law agencies for either copyright infringement or a combination of secrecy laws or publishing corporate secrets , but his anger at being driven from his home country gave him absolute focus on the groups work .
gentlemen , we have been successfully using c.a.r.l on a country specific scale now for 3 months .
kate was amazed by the irony when several of the investments and loans that industry experts had commented were crazy at the time eventually turned out to be very profitable for the business and the country at the whole .
kate was ever so surprised when james suggested a holiday on a thai island ; she thought he would have wanted to leave the country as soon as possible .
without realising it , he d just been introduced to a country that would change his life forever .
it has been a charmed life : travelling , living among the clouds , performing and gathering admirers in the countries across europe and beyond .
she is not interested in having a laugh or enjoying her time away exploring the new cities and countries with me .
i think perhaps i would eventually like to possess my own country .
dystopia , cyberpunk , and science fiction imbue these stories that visit undiscovered countries and distant times .
` ` we were just born in the country to become the lucky boys .
this block had dropped down onto the planet and landed in his country , changing everything from the day to day lives of the cities people , to the political and economical landscape of europe , even further , with america pushing their way into irish interests for the right to prod the thing to boredom discovering nothing and in the end only drilling a hole in it with the biggest phallic symbol they could find .
while the change of power occurred , the humans were experiencing a rush of maronites into the present country of lebanon .
his keen vision of war helped him lead the humans to numerous victories , taking over different cities and invading country after country .
his keen vision of war helped him lead the humans to numerous victories , taking over different cities and invading country after country .
they fled the country searching for a safe heaven .
are you sure you are safe with him what do you mean you thought he left the country ?
i was told he was still back in the home country .
the director thinks for a minute and says , listen doctor , the situation is becoming desperate with numerous ufo sightings all over the country and even ufos flying over the capital and white house in washington dc .
i recall that you have served your country well throughout the years .
i have asked you to come here today because your country needs your special services once again .
in italy , he organized an international narcotics syndicate that supplies most of the heroin that is shipped to this country , where it is received , processed , and distributed by the delta forces , under the supervision of the naval reconnaissance office .
the president states , it has been brought to my attention that the nro and delta forces are importing and distributing illegal drugs in this country in order to pay for mj-12 's black projects .
you sixteen people are the best of the best that this country has to offer .
this country is controlled by the pentagon .
there is a group of about eighteen or twenty people running this country .
if the people of this country actually knew that , they would say ' no ' the next time they were asked to go to war .
very wealthy and powerful entities are conspiring , behind the scenes , to strip this country of its independence so that they can rule a one - world government .
you know what that country is like tezrin ?
i often mused that if we were to change direction and travel north we would arrive in my home country , the eleven realm of kreselnare .
crowded onto the stage were a podium and seven stands , each displaying a picture of one of her lost friends , the national flag of their home country , and the unsa emblem .
those are nt races , they re countries , or people from those countries .
he was on his fourth excursion in - country , this time on a recon of the rugged mountain area between afghanistan and pakistan known as the hindu kush , following a lead on a taliban commander who had taken credit for a recent bombing of the us embassy in kabul when his reality had been suddenly jerked out from under him .
lebanese originally , but i spent most of my adult life in pakistan , and even some time in your country , florida to be precise .
the almadra passed through the lowlander 's country , they were people , who did not live in the pyramid cities , they made their homes in the flat lands .
joshua looked with a half smile and said : son its the greatest country in the world , they have everything !
joshua replied : wow now that is something new , someone standing up for our people , a big country like this .
the hs agent smith answered with : we need to make sure everything is safe for our country '' todd replied : how is a piece of wood with nylon strings going to harm our country ?
mr . smith tells todd he will have someone take him back to his car , but he was not allowed to leave the country until further notice .
then she began thinking about that far away country , a place of endless mountains and fields filled with meadow cane , rivers overflowing with clear fresh water and a sky that was blue rather than yellow .
these countries were called humurom and bozlin .
it got so bad that the surrounding countries got together to decide what to do .
from a country living in the dome ?
you see there are countries that surround the dome , and they all had computers in the network and each computer had a specific code to control a tiny piece of the dome .
was this country in any way connected to humurom ?
in the meantime i have talked with gilik and he says that you can make a journey to see the whole country .
how are we going to see the entire country ?
then there s zamiastin to the north , westernia to the west , and then a tiny country called dizuria right between zamiastin and westernia .
maybe he wanted to see the country .
then why send you across the country ?
it was strangely freeing to be with people i did nt know on a moving train in a country i was nt familiar with ; because it was safe .
one hundred fifty years before i entered azureland there was a war between two countries : bozlin and humurom .
and many will leave , never return , and humurom will cease to exist as a country ; and as a people !
that s the country i was in .
it is a giant country that is really amazing and safe .
and then a tiny country called dizuria .
was it possible that the tiny country of dizuria was killing the hunters and burning towns ?
it was about time i learned a little about that tiny country .
a tiny country like dizuria would surely not attempt to attack azureland .
i made plans to take the team and mama around the city and maybe even around the country by rail .
why the tiny country of dizuria wanted inside was the most striking at the moment .
for years we blamed the only other country in the dome , bozlin , but we discovered that it was actually dizuria that was behind it all .
gilik sent them on a journey train to see the country .
its supposed to be a nice country .
ships leave from several countries all the time , even dizuria .
judge : a country .
bertie : i think what my husband means is that he s not used to this travelling across the country to meetings and i feel the same way , but we both know it must be important .
he was a little japanese somewhere , way back before the invasion , but like most of us he d never left the city , never mind the country .
they had the monopoly on the gaming houses , the news channels , their hateful logo spun round and round on every television screen in every house , in every country in the world .
we d managed to shift a lot of it off to a guy he knew who smuggled such goods over to the northern countries of new europa .
there was someone from new canada , the vast country over the atlantic .
they think of the country as a business .
they re going to take over this country and merge it with all the others around the world .
you ca nt run a country like its a load of shops and venues , casino said .
the country , and then it will spread across the world , roach said .
tourniquet and the old man looked like the best of the past and the promise of the future , all working together for the country , the world .
people feel engaged with the new system and the country begins to provide a leading example for the rest of the world .
we , wherever , whenever and whoever we may be , were at war with another country .
they visited the tienshan mountains in the south of the country , staying in a remote grassy valley dotted with trees with a river flowing through it and a couple of lakes which were teeming with fish .
of course , ideally it should have been orbiting the equator , for best results , but big bob had insisted that the initial trial cover his great country .
these places were like large cities , even heavily populated cities , cities of red - eyed nephilims , like a country of red - eyed nephilims .
all the years of living in this country , participating in earthquake drills had taught me to prepare only for that , or an ensuing tsunami .
i 'd find a car and a map once i hit the west coast and drive across the country , all the way back to massachusetts and find my brother , hoping i could leave the guilt i felt right now behind in tokyo .
to forget and have my brain find itself in an oblivious country , free from the memory of airi .
anyone left in this country , well , we do n't wait around for people to help us . ''
we should have followed two thirds of the japanese population when they abandoned their country and left en mass for the center of secessionist america ; what used to be the midwestern states .
i ca nt believe you wear the same thing in every era and in every country and do nt get pegged as out of place , stated pierce taking in the uniform .
the cooks would be the busiest of all , preparing a multitude of dishes , representing food from the many members own time and country .
i was born in a medieval village long since destroyed in a country that no longer exists .
but if i ignore all the bad things that will happen to my country in order to stay , wo nt i be just as guilty as schell in my inaction ?
in my own country i have instituted martial law .
the images we are about to show you come from across the united states ; virtually every major city in the country .
as i speak to you in this country , you are viewing a tense standoff on the streets of manhattan .
on the one hand we could use the suspension chambers and continue production in order to reduce to required food stocks within our own country , but to what effect without sufficient space within the bunkers ?
he was determined to do everything within his power to ensure the survival and best possible outcome for his citizens and country who had entrusted him with their fate .
its a big country and if nuclear war breaks out there wo nt be much of europe left , if anything at all .
now he was left with the task of not only saving his own country from total destruction , but in fact all of mankind .
his concerns also included his own family as well but eventually concluded , not through cowardice but through courage , that he would remove himself to the primary bunker site where he felt he could do the most good for both his people and country , no matter what remained of it should it come to all out global nuclear war .
smiling , he was thankful that he d been raised in a country that produced such brave individuals .
the pilot had found a relatively unpopulated area , but with the chaos happening in denver and most likely the rest of the country as well , until their relief arrived mccreary wanted to make certain that their profile was kept to a minimum .
i m on over one - hundred stations in this country alone and have millions of dedicated and intelligent listeners who tune in every single night .
he marveled at the motley assortment of colors making up his own country , forty - eight continental miniatures more precious than the real ones .
freak storms dumped massive amounts of the powder all the way down the country to the southern coast . , so much so the government called a state of emergency .
the only places that escaped fatal damage were two countries now known as the cities states and bharat .
his mother died in childbirth , and his father was a soldier lost fighting for his country .
you never know with this fucked country .
this is nt really my country in the same way .
i must say i m very sad to leave this planet let alone this great country .
what if it just crashes into the ocean or some other country ?
however , can you honestly tell me that you and the rebels will run this country better and bring sanity back to this hellhole ?
i think a trained ape could run this country better than either of the darwins .
you two are probably gon na need to move country soon if you wan na miss the civil war .
at first it appeared that the right wingers had won the remains of the country and then china swooped in to pick up the pieces and ultimately take over the country .
i can not work out where or when it is , and they have no name for themselves or their country .
but i 'll be damned if i ' m going to let some blob of who knows what - the - fuk land in my country and compromise national security . ''
this is my first time in your country .
it is nt my country , fintan said defensively , i am from ireland .
this is my first time in this country too , said fintan , pointing out the window at las vegas .
area 51 is the most secret military base in the country .
around their right arm was a single red band , beneath which was the flag of their country of citizenship .
you re now in navajo country , fintan , said bob .
he could nt let go of his theory that his country the country that he was so proud of was being played like a puppet by the aliens .
similarly , the plight of the irish , being a small country right next door to a superpower made for a very interesting theme .
for instance , in one entry the only mention of earth was of a desire for something called a bourbonginger in a lawless country called lost vegas .
i wish there were more of a story as to how i ended up in the tech capital of the country , but i was dating someone with wanderlust , and by the time she left me it felt enough like home that i could nt go back to washington- or maybe i just could nt stand the cold .
we ve taken a census once a decade since the country got started .
its his first time out of country , and i ca nt say i blame him ; you can see in his eyes he s fighting back puppy - dog excitement- he smells the hunt even if he does nt know that s what his bodys telling him .
` ` it 's a beautiful country .
` ` i knew there must be some other pockets of a resistance - or at least of refugees - in other countries , '' he told her .
` ` years ago , when the first of the nameless here in my country came to this part of the jungle to hide from the capitalist pig - driven civilization that pushed them out , they found an ancient tribe of people still living here in the jungle in a primitive way . ''
you live on a military base , one of the safest places in the country .
the rest of his ranger platoon were prepping the humvee column right now , awaiting their ' intrepid ' sergeant to lead them on their last mission before leaving this backwards , ass - end country for good .
outpost firebase foxtrot was the northernmost coalition outpost in afghanistan , less than a hundred miles from the border of kazinistan , the neutral country to the north and uzbekistan to the west .
joe shook his head , ` ` the predator ca n't go within five miles of any country bordering afghanistan .
sighing , he fell in behind joe as they picked up the pace towards the waiting humvee column chapter 2 storming the desert two miles from the kazinistani border as the humvee column approached the border of the neighboring country of kazinistan , the endless steppe of afghanistan begin to give way to the mountainous crags of the red - brown pamir mountains .
if i ' m in kazinistan or any of the other old soviet bloc countries , this could be a military fort .
` ` so this is the leader of the army rangers who entered my country without permission ? ''
so i shall make this as easy as possible : what were you and your ' ranger platoon ' planning to do in my country ? ''
joe had gone along with that line of thinking ; after all , the country was very small .
i respect your devotion to your country , believe me i do .
i love my country too and i know why you do not help me .
` ` then , if you are still alive , try to not run into taliban killers and make your way to friendly country .
a veritable city in itself , it was situated in the mountainous province of parwan , in the more secured eastern section of the country .
the general thinking was that joe 's incursion across the kazinistani border had angered the government of the small country and forced a military reaction due to the size of the invading unit .
with all the evidence weighed , joe hoped the general would see the truth and green light some sort of rescue to get his boys out of that country and take down those olympus sons of bitches .
joe watched as a pre - programmed set of commands zoomed the map into the country of kazinistan .
he had no real idea what he was signing up for , but the next time he came back to this sodding country would be too soon .
` ` sir , why did kazinistan allow olympus free run of their country ?
walsh stroked his moustache as he answered , ` ` the cia and myself believe olympus needed the resources of a country completely at their service in order to begin formulating this ' code ' .
we think , now that we have the first part of the binary code , they have little use left for that country and withdraw back to the hole they came from .
the screen zoomed up and then back down towards the country of kazinistan , sitting north of afghanistan .
he said the word with such force that it made joe start , ` ` here i am , ferryin ' you cowboys into a hostile country to attack a force that 'll no doubt have us for breakfast . ''
the country of kazinistan stretched out below him .
i sunk every dollar i had in bringing you and your men into my country and for what ?
because you 're country has been so good to olympus ... '' suddenly the giant blob of thermal heat reached forward and grabbed the president by the neck .
four hyperion transports are on their way an ' we need to be out of this country right quick , know what i mean ? ''
she paid to be born to very wealthy parents in a developed country , which enabled her to have the nurturing , funds , and resources to become a successful adult .
hesitating , he reached into his shirt breast pocket and pulled forth a name badge that read russell , above that , in big black letters , the name of one of the largest department store chains in the country , irrelevant to him ; although he enjoyed working there .
it was easy to see why australian doctors were starting to worry about the number of over - weight or obese people in the country .
a load of hog wash , no matter which country you come from .
peerson bent down so only stacey could hear what he had to say and there was no doubting what he said as he said it slowly and concisely , ` ` get out of my face or you ll regret ever coming to this god forsaken country . ''
all over the country rumours were spreading of an alien invasion .
people were scared to leave their homes , and as a result the country was plunged into chaos .
what i am interested in however , is getting this country back on track , the way it used to be .
there are many groups of people like you , those who would stand up and be counted in this countries time of need .
the prime minister had urged people to make their way to donnington park , a large open area in the centre of the country .
norway is a beautiful country .
he knew how to lead the country out of chaos and disorder by shining that guiding - light on the awesome power of the written word , found in the pages of the book of tomorrows and taught at the end of a sword .
a large blue banner strewn over the museum entrance signified the centennial tribute of the once again thriving country .
using the touch and go application , he tapped his animated finger on the country of greece , causing the information box to pop up .
by the time michael turned his ponderous mind from thoughtful scenarios of a lifetime devoted to nurturing a child within a loving family environment and back to the tutorial , chad had covered the entire dark ages , during which the blight upon the land was not only brought about by foreign conquers , but also from great famines and deathly plagues ; and how countries like spain , france , and england survived their hostile aggressors to become great nations , not through forceful suppression of their enemies , but rather by religious conversion of the pagan tribes ; a system of control that would prove not only fruitless , but more an impelling rallying call for islamic raiders , who gained control of spain and the cherished holy lands in the middle east at the start of the 8th century ; which in 1096 led to the first of nine crusades , resulting in over two hundred years of bloody massacres , merciless victories , and brutal defeats , with power shifting struggles ultimately ending in abject failure for both military campaigns and in a moral hypocrisy that forever stained the offending faiths ; but the power struggles did not end in faraway lands as religious abuses , internal conflicts , and territorial disputes still reigned supreme in the homelands , with many kingdoms desperate to stabilize their nearly bankrupt economies after long costly foreign wars ; and how countries like spain would find an influx of wealth through the exploration for profitable trade routes with the discovery of the americas in the new world , making spain a dominant power in europe for the next two centuries .
at the beginning of the 19th century , the united states of america started to expand across the land after the louisiana purchase in 1803 allowed settlers to travel west to seek their fortunes , and the monroe doctrine in 1823 prevented foreign powers from claiming american territories , truly making it our country .
it inspired women to protest the fugitive slave law that allowed slave - owners to reclaim their property anywhere in the country .
the cold war did bring about two modern day military crusades in an attempt to prevent the spread of communist rule throughout east asia in the war torn countries of korea and vietnam , with each conflict ending in colossal failure .
maybe it was just her age , something to do with leaving the happy fog of childhood behind , or maybe it was the effect of seeing her parents so relaxed , happy and smiling , cheering on the country 's athletes , instead of stressing about the day ahead .
he knew the way they thought , knew that they would expect him to have made his way to another country .
would they turn back in , hunting out those people , like herself , who were surely hiding out behind locked doors , or would they simply continue to spread , fanning out across the country ?
if this thing has spread further , across the country ... well , let 's just say i do n't think waiting is an option . ''
chapter 15 in my head during her first year as an undergraduate at gn university , cristal had decided to take a class in introductory spanish hoping to help improve her communication skills with gamers in spanish - speaking countries like mexico and spain .
i think that cristal was responsible for starting the earthquake that happened in different countries all over the world .
these were the palestinians who , as wikipedia described , were the palestinians standing fast , not fleeing during the war of 1948 , unlike those who left and became refugees in neighboring countries .
in the center of the circle drive was a large war memorial dedicated to soldiers from the illinois area that gave their lives for their country .
the lyrics outlined his disdain for the u.s . policy of diverting power and water from the pacific northwest to the rest of the country .
it appears that over the last week there ve been many sightings over the dc area and all along the north of the country .
he s from another planet altogether , not from another country , i say very fast and altogether as the room is silent .
i feel like a foreigner in my own country .
these guys run this country , my country ?
that is whyi would like to proclaim the planet , this world we live in , gods country .
the fact that you are only a guest in our country will compound the sentence .
i d like single tickets to every city in the country please ?
we need to get out of the country quick , quick , quick .
there s absolutely no way i m leaving the country !
that he and zarius were fugitives from the law in several countries ?
i was interviewed under caution and warned not to leave the country .
i was responsible for five unsolved murders in two countries even though no proof , no cause of death or motive .
days after the inspection , sheonagh had returned one night to report that the hunt had moved and was now concentrated in the north east of the country , near dornoch , where a man matching the priest - killers description had been seen .
were such things even native to this country ?
have you never left this country ?
in some countries , people were put on the steam chair for no less than failing to produce one .
saira again was struck by the affluence of this country , the solidness of the stone buildings , compared to the shanties of her fathers home .
as soon as we are safe in another country i will tell you and ask for your help , even though i have no right to ask you for anymore .
have you been to this part of the country before ?
life in this country seemed monochrome to saira after the bluster of the desert .
the planet is argel , which means a place of safe harbor and this part is elfin country .
i ' ve been out of the country for a month and only returned yesterday .
i 'll die for my country but i 'll die like a man .
to the winkie country !
he tells you about what he s done , where he s been , where to go in the winkie country .
see you in winkie country .
right here is what you call a claimless country .
` ` we managed to get the cream of our cavalry north , plus many other fighting men before lodestok took elibera , though he made the country pay dearly for having done so .
the warlord had to have the mountain countries to have access to samar . ''
i 'll only accept the argument of morality when i ' m comfortably ensconced in my own country , with no overlord demanding tribute from our people .
` ` you ' ve already been outside your country longer than any chamah before you and for long enough to have other perspectives on life .
the beauty of the country seemed destroyed for him .
he left the trader , led the horse that was smaller than the two they already had , and , walking at a brisk pace through the crowded markets thought it might be sensible to arm himself in a country as inhospitable as northern sindabar - nor did he want either himself or jaim to look too easy as targets the further north they travelled .
ambrosian chronicles third age 11209 the warlord 's army has just left the samar confederation , a country now devastated .
this had to be , because the warlord is very close to a cartokian city situated at the outermost tip of the ustomi 's country .
kyaran is a large , sprawling country , impossible to defend .
` ` i ' ve no country and carry an empty title , nor have i walked on my birth soil for over half my life .
she felt the absence of daxel sorely and the princesses were inconsolable , tamil going so far as to say she thought it insensitive of the strategos to show so clear a preference for a princess from another country .
but , ironically , russia , its allies , and the united nations will ( if our understanding of bible prophecy is correct ) also be acting as gods agents , inflicting a painful lesson on a country which has lost its way spiritually .
obviously , there is good and bad in any country , and the u.s . is no exception .
she knew that there would be death and destruction everywhere , and that her own country would not be spared .
although the general public had been conned into believing that america had an effective defence against an attack like this , military intelligence in almost every other country of the world knew better .
people in prospect heights , like people throughout the rest of the country , mostly rolled over in their beds , and either slept through the first impact or else never knew what hit them .
she lived by the book , and if there was to be an air raid drill , then she would do the right thing by her country .
` ` but the country it 's being bombed ! ''
the entire country was without government , without power , without communication , and without vital transportation links .
airports in all of the major cities were packed with passengers waiting for stand - by seats out of the country .
officials from emergency preparedness canada were frantically trying to set up priority criteria for determining who should be allowed to take the first flights out of the country .
they had also prophesied that all survivors would be evacuated from america , and that the entire country would be abandoned because of fallout and because of the extent of the damage .
people had come from as far south as denver to get out of the country .
canadian authorities were taking details from refugees as they crossed into the country , and directing them to appropriate holding camps .
but , sadly , for the millions of americans still struggling to escape the death and destruction that had ravaged that country , developments in world politics were incidental to their daily quest for survival .
together john and raymie had been given the task of finding 12,000 genuine believers in the countries that made up southern africa and west africa .
many of them died there in montana before rescue teams came by helicopter to take them out of the country several weeks later .
she was all alone in a country whose charity was already stretched to near breaking point .
britain had done a better job of rebuilding than other countries ( mostly in africa and south and central america ) which had also been severely damaged by the wave ; but that did not say much in itself .
he was not sure how he was going to get out of the country .
and , if that failed , he had imported virtually every available ground - to - air missile on earth to the state of israel , and he had built launching sites for them all over the country , so that they could all be fired at the new world of the saints whenever he gave the signal .
there were no survivors in israel itself , but survivors in neighbouring countries needed to be evacuated .
she says that they have taken her away from her family , made her miss a few meals , given her a sleeping tablet , and flown her halfway across the country .
you know what i ve done for this country , this world .
` ` are you sure you want to go to another country ?
what kind of a country had he come to ?
at breakfast , mr . townsend was surprised that moses ate so little , but he put it down to the boy 's excitement about being in a new country .
then there would be two more days of sightseeing and entertainment before they all returned to their home countries .
rapalo was from fiji , and he had invented a simple solar cooker that promised to save signicantly on fuel consumption in his own country , and maybe in others as well .
he felt insignicant , given that the others had already achieved success in their elds ... successes that had an impact far beyond their own village and even beyond their own country .
the whole country had been attacked in a huge air strike ... practically blown off the map .
millions of people were dead , and those who were still alive were eeing the country to escape radiation , disease , and starvation .
he had been out of the country , in england , when the attack took place .
locals were easily convinced thatamy and the children had been killed , and that josephat had ed to another country ; whereas moses was not so quick to write them off completely .
there were craters everywhere , forest res all over kenya and neighbouring countries , and something in the meteorites that made the water , including lake victoria and the nile , highly radioactive .
mom mary , like most every mary in the world , pretty , pleasant , and catholic - loyal , although shed made relief mission trips to eight different countries .
the aurora was spotted all over the country and as far south as mexico .
he was proper excited and he s always moving between offices that are like opposite ends of the country .
september 30th went to see sam this morning as he 's back in this country and just wanted to check if he 's ok .
` ` oh sure , kid , it 's a free country .
it was a country on the iberian peninsula .
he knew that life in one of the most remote places in the country takes its toll , even in the most imaginative minds of children .
sensing more adventures at hand , he chose to go back to his country and landed in the town of catbalogan towards the start of the second half of 1915 , a little over a year since he stepped on russian soil .
` ` ya , i had to , one of the launch sites i had to visit was in a tropical country , what about you ? ''
` ` the thing is , a lot of what leadership is , is someone finding the path of least resistance , djoser would not be thinking about conquest if there was not a lot of support for it , plus he is a strong king , people listen to him , if you control him you control the country . ''
` ` well maybe since he started everything the city reflects him , like a country reflects its forefathers . ''
entire neighbourhoods were completely abandoned as people sought refuge in rural parts of the country where it was deemed to be safer .
with this amount of money , you could probably buy an entire country .
located just a few hundred miles away from what was formerly known as the country of south africa , the ships crew worked industriously to prepare for takeoff .
hardin , orin , you are both here because you are needed to do something very special that will help both azureland and your home countries .
the president has arranged for a town to be built up in the country for them .
now hardin , imagine if you had come out in a different country .
he has a giant country to worry about .
that s actually a small country outside the wall .
or send you to that bad country , what s it called again ?
because i lived in the middle of the country they did nt really care about me , and so they never noticed .
you know everything there is to know about what s inside the wall and theen knows everything a dizurian knows about that country .
the country does have nice spots .
dizuria is a tricky country .
we were now in a different country , zamiastin .
while azureland and westernia grew huge , the poor countries in the middle were left out .
dizuria decided to wait it out , hoping that whichever country was left standing , they would give us some of the land of the loser .
in fact it would take an entire country , and that s why i made a promise to myself in those first few minutes of darkness and brush .
you will have to go out in a different country .
jack was a freelance journalist and was successful as one because he had the respect and trust of the most interesting man in the country , and often was the only journalistic soul allowed in official meetings and therefore had the monopoly on reporting the decisions and news of the migrations and colonies .
it was as if they were simply flying across country , only this time they were traveling to another world and their seats resembled a sort of vertically standing glass coffin .
it was a hideous sight that scarred a beautiful and perfect country .
we used old discarded inflatable hotels to expand the acreage of the station- it did nt take too much to retrofit them as hydroponic green houses , and by the end of our fourth year we were growing enough wheat and barley to feed a medium - sized african country ( or to keep connecticut wasted 24/7 ) .
but now that we were the only potential supplier of liquor to the country , we came up with another idea : booze drops .
it was like the king of england granting you title , half the country , and your own army to boot .
` ` first and most helpfully , we train all of the guardians and enforcers earth needs and we have them not belong to any one existing earth country 's government or even the ' united nations . ' ''
i think it 's also our new title because we are born and live most of our ' productive ' lives in the latter half of the twentieth century , in the usa or other ' western ' countries .
specifically : the crusades now consists of fewer than a dozen years of warfare between european and asian countries ( 1144 - 1156 , led by holy roman emperor conrad iii and by king louis vii of france ) , rather than over two hundred years , as in all previous re - sets ; the numerous armed conflicts in the middle east known to earthers bpc ( before public contact ) do not arise .
direct results from this sixth re - set also include the changes in impact that armed conflicts have for the entities , below , since the conflicts are much briefer or do not occur at all due to alterations in the invading people 's attitudes , purposes and behaviors as well as marked differences in the indigenous peoples ' comprehension of and responses to the invasions : indigenous peoples in australia from the u.k . invaders ; indigenous peoples in the north , south and central american land masses from various european invaders ; colonized countries and their colonizers , in africa , the west indies , atlantic islands and india .
slavery can not be obviated or completely prevented among humans , particularly african slavery , despite several re - sets designed to eliminate its existence on earth , but it , too , is established in fewer countries and exists for fewer centuries in the sixth re - set , due to the above reasons .
it appears to be a political and geological map of the continents and oceans of the central and northern hemispheres of earththe uk , scandinavia , the netherlands , greenland , iceland , the balkansall of western and eastern europe , plus the top parts of africa and india and the countries abutting them .
we teach the yogis to do this in india , tibet and other asian countries .
my family is scattered around the country and each of them has asked me to move closer .
reminds many earthers quite negatively of tactics used by secret police in many totalitarian regimes , such as for south american countries disappeared , ussrs sending political prisoners to the gulag , or usas use of ` ` extraordinary rendition '' and imprisonment in guantanamo , all without any legal process .
i - i ca nt believe i found you , she said in her far away voice , in this whole gigantic country ... actually , i never left the rdc , dr . che said .
this was new and frightening country , an area she had never seen before .
rudys never closes is what the sign read , which is pretty much stating the obvious for pretty much every shop and restaurant in the country these days .
maybe it will be enough to bribe my way out of this godforsaken country to somewhere civilized , like siberia .
remember that this is for our families , our homes and our country .
headlights and tourist sites blended in a haze of travel as mercedes and edwin trekked across the country .
you ve got ta get your ass out of the country !
irvings words clung to his mind like a vulture to roadkill : you ve got ta get out of the country .
it was nothing different from any of the other divided highways around the country .
getting out of the country with a contract on your head will be really tough , ivy said .
then the best way for you to get out of the country is for you to not get on that plane .
you wo nt be able to make it out of the country alive , but you under another persons identity might .
i was told to see you about getting out of country , mr . jameson .
this should get us out of country anyway .
whatever you do do nt let them get out of the country .
come on , she said running around the corner toward terminal c. they will stop at nothing to keep us in country .
as well as pauline grant , for her friendship and support while i was in a new country writing this book .
sire , our duty is to our country , to the needs of alhallra .
for this country , i will not remarry .
keep the stones well and let your country prosper .
father , you know that hallain has a love for that other country .
my sister tells me they found a great country there , with immense trees beautiful beyond dreams .
without hallain , most moreinans believe they would have lost the war and have no country .
why , you would be as lost as as as i would be in another country back home .
only four years after the death of religion , the united states government actually started giving power , real , tangible power , to the various universities of the country , but they favored one for its level - headed planning and effective logical practices : texas tech university .
` ` so far , this story has n't broke beyond the border of the country . ''
the bulletins on the televisions and radios across the country reminded people of darker days , when people killed hundreds of millions of other people in the name of religion .
from the darkness of the library ceiling , an enormous screen appeared and showed the current program on the most popular station in the country .
1220 was the date of his actual coronation but he was really leading the country before that .
chloe simply shrugged , not much left of your country where i come from .
and , oh yeah , russia is one of the most bountiful countries on the planet .
what quack said is that hell bring about a new country .
while improving the country and making a new one would usually be a good thing , david gratton was actually going to replace britain .
it would not be a new country so much as a new country .
it would not be a new country so much as a new country .
grabbing the rucksack he had taken with him across the country a week before , dave unzipped the largest section , shoved the box inside and , closing it and slinging it upon his shoulder as he walked , went to the door .
in the two ombres since he had arrived at that time , quack had sent him on innumerable missions and tasks , ranging from the minor arranging for ronald barthy - scrumdent to get his mid - morning cup of tea ( and , in fact , considerably energy - consuming task , requiring arthur to make train journeys to get the right sort of yaks milk and bongve bong boofeys milk and in the right ratio and ten decateaspoonfuls of sugar , all the same brand , and all from different newsagents stores run by people named pete provided their surnames did nt begin with consecutive letters of the alphabet or end in any letter before t ) to the major travelling to another country to establish a reform of the electoral system ( hop in a wormhole and you re there ) .
if the twins opened the fez , it would prevent the popularly proposed future from taking place it would break the prophecy and so counteract the peril ; if the twins opened the fez , it would mean that quacks prediction of david gratton opening the fez and bringing about a country which would end britain was untrue and so the twins would nt destroy the world .
however , since island had separated from the mainland of britain , there was much debate about whether or not that country was still considered part of britain .
david gratton or so quack tells me is a man who will found a new country .
the waves of europe developed in the changing ocean around the countries .
as an alien visitor to a planet , dave thought it polite to take an interest in things he had never cared about before , in the same manner that people visiting a foreign country think it polite to skim - read a guide book and regurgitate unconnected quasi - verbal linguistic abuse .
have you heard about the prospect of there being a new country ?
is the new country going to be a good thing or a bad thing ?
is there going to be a new country ?
suppose i said the new country were a bad thing .
what if you tell me there s nothing wrong with the new country ?
then you would undoubtedly try to stop people who object to the new country arriving .
but with reference to the new country , we should nt be fearful .
so the new country will happen ?
but the space chicken had been trying to stop the new country from happening .
we will have to dance in a counter - clockwise direction or to the left , then we ... '' ` ` a widdershins dance , i am sure that will be sweeping the country soon enough .
` ` yes they are beautiful and more so , just as the greater lands of the kingdom of gwynedd are '' believed louis as he chewed on a piece of grass ` ` if it was not for the troubles that have befallen other parts of this country , i could see myself living here .
after fourteen moves , within five different countries and three different continents , sean had accepted that the company was not going to give up .
it will be like the language of my country .
last night , while you were at the palace , i heard that vortimer has defeated hengest and forced the saxons out of the country , julilla said softly .
my father has been cast out of the country , and he can not gain vengeance .
it was to be a holy country , free from the machinations of satan ... .
he could have been the ruler of a sinless country , but the way he had gone about creating the new britannia perfectly justified his later troubles .
having ascertained then that they were quite alone , he returned , and drawing a chair close to that on which henry sat , he said , henry , have you never heard of a strange and dreadful superstition which , in some countries , is extremely rife , by which it is supposed that there are beings who never die .
i certainly have , and i understand that in some countries , particularly norway and sweden , the superstition is a very common one .
the bannerworth family then were well known in the part of the country where they resided .
we shall be able to go some other country , and there live like princes of the land .
once his plots were those of a genius , a visionary - one who would restore this country to how it was entirely the territory of the inhuman .
here , besides several leading men of science from our own country , were lord kelvin , lord rayleigh , professor roentgen , dr . moissanthe man who first made artificial diamondsand several others whose fame had encircled the world .
he could seek shelter in the valley , recover , then quit this hostile country and continue his quest .
she would not have been surprised to sight human habitations of another sortthe beehive - shaped huts of the black people , or the cliff - dwellings of the mysterious brown race which legends declared inhabited some country of this unexplored region .
her flight had been blind , into a country of which she was wholly ignorant .
the people of the black countries are generally hostile to strangers .
that s what the aquilonian renegades used to tell us cimmerians when they came into the hills to raise an army to invade their own country .
in the miniature world of xuchotl each handful of feudists was an army , and the empty halls between the castles was the country over which they campaigned .
that is how important your country is in the scheme of the universe .
it was decided beforehand that the pm should take the lead as the aliens were landing in his country ; and so he found himself interrupting normal programming all across the world to inform people that it would appear that aliens were indeed approaching earth right now and that they were coming in peace to help earth enter into the universal trading network .
dammit , he would lead his country , his world into the universe .
and now he had to shepherd a whole planet , not just a country and that seemed like a good way to start his second term .
it was at this space port the president , andrew forster , son of a dentist from castle rock in maine , wished briefly that he was leaving from the states ; that his last visions of earth were of his own country .
that he was setting off from close to the same place as the original settlers , the separatists , set off from , not to discover a new country , but new worlds .
before long , the whole country of our desolation knew washington d.c . as dwindle , the land that breathed and thrived off of death because of the high councils trigger - happy fingers .
the missiles had wiped out their entire population and turned the country into a deserted wasteland .
the entire country is sending up the rays of sunlight to shine them back on itself .
to find ajor in the unknown country to the north seemed rather hopeless ; yet i could do no less than try , praying in the meanwhile that she would come through unscathed and in safety to her father .
the greatest inconvenience the hunters caused me was the delay , for they have a nasty habit of keeping one treed for an hour or more if balked in their designs ; but at last we came in sight of a line of cliffs running east and west across our path as far as the eye could see in either direction , and i knew that we reached the natural boundary which marks the line between the kro - lu and galu countries .
du - seen dropped far below par in my estimation as i saw the slovenly formation of his troop as it passed through an enemy country and entered the domain of the chief against whom he had risen in revolt ; but du - seen must have known jor the chief and known that jor would not be waiting for him at the pass .
at last i had come to the galu country .
if i had coveted one of the little ponies of the kro - lu country , imagine my state of mind when i came upon these magnificent creatures !
i was some distance from the forest and armed with weapons in the use of which i was quite untrained , though i had practiced some with the spear since leaving the kro - lu country .
for five days i rode back and forth across the southern end of the galu country without seeing a human being ; yet all the time i was working slowly toward the north , for i had determined to comb the territory thoroughly in search of ajor ; but on the fifth day as i emerged from a forest , i saw some distance ahead of me a single small figure pursued by many others .
to me it meant but one thing , and that was that hollis and short and the others had scaled the cliffs and made their way north to the galu country upon the opposite side of the island in time to save ajor and me from almost certain death .
from then on , they fought their way north in search of me , after a vain and perilous effort to enter the hideous reptile - infested country to the south .
during these two weeks chal - az came up from the krolu country , now a full - fledged galu .
nobs stuck close to bowen ; but ace and ajor and i went out upon many long rides through the beautiful north galu country .
but to attack a country outside of the dome was something new for him .
that day was spent quietly following the domers as they marched across what used to be the country of humurom .
something where he can keep the dome without ever worrying about anyone coming back in , as long as he does nt attack azureland or any country outside here .
i want your whole country .
we azure domers heard the rumors through the domer network of a country with the ability to get in .
i will shoot these off before i let you use them on a country full of people .
if only the outlying countries knew what was really going on .
the first thing he did was admit that the tiny country had many problems and that the diz city would be cleaned up .
peter and i often visited schools across the country and told them all about our lives .
a plaque on the wall told this was hardins room and that he went on to become the founder of the country .
not just out that door and into a car full of your cronies , but out that door and onto a plane leaving the country .
one second inside the building was all the time they needed to watch their hopes of a hassle - free passage into the country instantly dissolve .
it is a gift from your own country and my many years of education under your brothers excellent tutelage , but in deference , mister knight , is that an antipodean twang i detect ?
its the best hotel in the country .
tomorrow they were bound for salalah in the far south of the country from where they would launch into the furnaces of the rub al khali in search of the second key , a prospect that would ordinarily excite atreus , but not this time .
the screen on his computer depicted a similar map , except it was a modern , physical illustration of the southern arabian peninsula , the countries of oman , yemen and saudi arabia butting up against one another .
the muscat to salalah road goes right past some in the interior of the country .
lord amherst sat watching a black and white television set displaying a satellite image of the triple - junction between the neighbouring countries of oman , yemen and saudi arabia , the annoyingly pleasant blitherings of the bbc world weather presenter further exacerbating his rising temper .
if i do nt leave this filthy little country by tomorrow night with the second key in hand , lord amherst warned , ice dripping from his lips as he stabbed his gaze into his henchman , then i swear by almighty god , that you will never leave this country at all .
if i do nt leave this filthy little country by tomorrow night with the second key in hand , lord amherst warned , ice dripping from his lips as he stabbed his gaze into his henchman , then i swear by almighty god , that you will never leave this country at all .
if not handled properly , tourism could destroy this country virtually overnight .
the country holds a special place in our lives and our hearts .
the country also gave us our two beautiful children and for that , we will always be grateful .
in every country , in every language , it sounded perilous , foreboding , menacing .
every psychiatrist in the country had tried and he was the very best .
they passed through africana then australiana precincts and all the exotic animals particular to those countries .
there are weapons so powerful that an entire country , or for that matter a continent , could be destroyed in a matter of minutes .
they walked for a hundred yards or so through the mangrove trees before arriving at a set of doors projecting a few feet out of the ground , like the storm cellar entrances jeff had seen on his travels in tornado country .
the trees are one of the best things about living in this part of the country .
ohio state was the biggest university in the country and hardly a hick school .
not too many women in that part of the country dressed and looked like angela .
ironic that you would spend your life traveling the country investigating strangers , when your own son is so gifted in terms of what you seek .
` ` no white wolves in this part of the country .
an older woman named maryanne mcfarthlin had rented it to her as a kindness , saying that she did n't need it while she was out of the country .
` ` what we do for god and country . ''
i hate this pissant country , she thought .
her mind joined with the others in rationalising the situation , creating an image of a large room , with cats of every variety arriving from all parts of the country and taking their places .
she was not being disrespectful to her superior , the top agent in the country ; cats are always direct and honest .
some had come to escape the effects of war and others has saved up their money to start a new life among the stars , desperate to leave the constant troubles involved with living in an underdeveloped country .
i wish it never came to this for the developing countries need is stifling .
he wanted to be the one who figured out the nature of her odd abilities and to use that knowledge to bring peace to his country .
wars did nt happen in your own country .
what did you do , leave the country for the weekend ?
of an uncle who went to war for a country that had locked up the rest of his family in an internment camp .
being in southern arizona they actually had a fairly decent connection to some of the mexican and south american chocolate dealers , but in most other parts of the country access to real chocolate was a rare thing indeed .
she wanted to scream and yell at them about how she was the head of a major territory , that she was one of the biggest crime bosses in he country , and if she felt like it , she could have had an army of goons busting into their dome that would be so nasty , it would make the skeleton attacks look like stupid childs play .
i have a pretty good bead on what s going on in the flats and domes , at least in the western half of the country , and i have nt figured out who might behind everything .
she never would have guessed that one of the largest dome - based drug distributors in the country was actually a practicing phoenix psychiatrist .
they had worked really hard to become essentially energy independentthey had one of the largest solar arrays in the country , along with some sporadic wind and biofuel options that let them have power for what they needed when they wanted it .
traveling so much was giving her a broader perspective on the climate differences across the country , both in and out of the dome .
mexico and the united states were still technically two countries , but with the governments unable to actually police the borders , the only real distinctions were the ones enforced by the various cartels positioned along the border pits .
and you would like to expand your reach out to domes across the country , she said .
were the most pathetic , corrupt , backwards first - world country on earth .
ok , here goes : the story takes place in new york which was our largest and the most sophisticated city in our country .
the early descriptions of the africans brought to this country as slaves contain drawings of their coarse facial features and descriptions of their slow mental status .
i expect we are somewhat south of the great peninsula that divides the waters of my country from the rest of the world . ''
to the east lies the country from which we emigrated many generations ago .
` ` how far to the east lies this ancient country ?
the envoy 's cousin stood and fluffed himself up , making him appear even more a pet bird , and said , ` ` i will lead the defense of our country and king . ''
the envoy at this time forced the decision by saying , ` ` my cousin , who knows not which end of the sword to hold , would defend our king and country ? ''
those of the red were driven from their native country by another invading people and i fear they may be again invading . ''
he turned and walked to the door , pausing only to say , ` ` there is much work to be done , for this battle will be decided in the next several days and our country and our king will live or die . ''
mr . shelby , i do not wish to appear impolite , but i , like many others in this hall , am a citizen of another country .
the whole country was fat and lazy , living in the comfort of late capitalism .
that had him shaken though and he wanted to leave the country , wanted to get out while the getting was good , before the net closed in .
he could always kill richard and then fly away with allie , use some excuse like he wanted to start his life anew in a different country ( preferably one that did nt have an extradition treaty ) .
moving away would never really solve anything , if it was discovered that he had committed the murders allie would leave him and there was probably no country on earth that would nt kick him out .
at least no country he wanted to live in .
after drellics invasion of moscow , four years earlier , most modern technology had either been confiscated or was destroyed throughout the entire country .
i spent the better part of my career , being accustomed to living in a country not governed by marshall law .
they just remember that a lot runners got all the way across the country instead of getting wiped out in newark .
is nt the idea that the runner crosses the country under the opprobrium of the nation ?
then turkey , the country , started firing missiles at the greeks on cyprus .
instead , the other guy wins , our country is attacked , we start unnecessary wars , america becomes a fascist state , the world economy collapses , we ve got an ecological catastrophe on our hands .
huge refugee camps in every country , even in europe .
i will do my duty and defend my country .
coming soon woman with a gun a serialized graphic novel about a woman on the run , crossing the country to save her daughter from her psychopathic husband .
it keeps the country functioning , lets everyone feel safe , knowing were up here in the sky , far away from everyones thoughts , except our own .
in other countries , put together , about four hundred .
for years , she took every job she could in order to stay in the country before my father contacted her out of the blue many years after their last meeting to tell her that my mother was pregnant and they would be needing a nanny .
even though my own home was as painful to view as a particularly nasty roadkill pile on the side of the freeway , she had no reason to hate her home country .
it had to have looked really weird to see two teenagers who clearly had nt been sleeping or eating well traveling the country alone .
we thought we had finally reached a new golden age in this country , but now , we teeter on the brink of total chaos !
and certainly millions if the damage here was the same across the country ... or worldwide .
they were a sizable force in their own right , growing as they traveled across the country .
we have people on board from four different countries , charles is from canada , nina is from india , and so on .
ickcy , stockholm is a city in sweden , so you have to contact the country of sweden , said inga .
all over the country hospitals are overwhelmed and there have been multiple deaths in relation to the attacks .
why fill the country with creatures that can kill you ?
well , technically those creatures are taking over the country for them .
if they can control them then they control the country .
and fell to his knees and cried , finally , a long held grief over dead friends , dead dreams and a dead country , breaking him .
why , they d be laughed out of the country .
white people who still believe in god and country , that you mean ?
england is an islamic country now and , pretty soon , we will be , too .
hey , we are almost finished here , and i was wondering if i could take a ride to see more of this beautiful country , said gustav .
you still could have come from another country .
he knew that that was her way of saying that she was nt going to meet some stranger half way across the country without a record of where she was going .
even though she was half a country away from k , he heard about the womans request that mattie fly to florida for a meeting .
dark consort by a. d. roland ruler of a withering kingdom , ceron has come to terms with the fact that the only way to save his country is to carry on with one of his ancestors ' worst traditions -- the kidnapping and sacrifice of a mage to revive the dying magic of aichinn .
he was able to simply walk into the head office of the defense department of what was still the most powerful country of the planet .
` ` well , replied mel , its a select team of dedicated professionals that care about this country , and this planet .
and remember folks : ask not what your country can do for you ; ask what you can do for your country ! ''
and remember folks : ask not what your country can do for you ; ask what you can do for your country ! ''
i am sure that i can count on your good will and cooperation and on the cooperation of the citizens of this great country , and on that of the world community as well .
how can i keep my own np operatives from finding you if you travel all over the country this way ?
we flew across the country on about three ounces of premium fuel concentrate and two gallons of liquid .
i was going to water that dried out pine tree over there , but if my country needs it somewhere else , that 's fine by me .
in recent days there have been sightings of unusual flying objects over our country .
for some reason , the possibility of countless viewers across the country and the world had n't even occurred to him .
by next week , if there still was one , bates figured that he could walk into any supermarket in the country , if there still was one , and see blurry pictures of that moment plastered all over the covers of half a dozen newspapers specializing in sensationalist trivia .
he noted to himself that this was yet another part of the country that he 'd like to visit someday under less hurried circumstances , if he lived long enough and it was n't all soon destroyed .
jake was something of a legend in this part of the country .
and then we entered a foreign country illegally .
` ` but crossing the bridge into canada still counts being in a foreign country , in my book .
there were people from every continent and nearly every country , most gathered by jigs corporation people and taken to aircraft scattered world - wide .
however , ki - engi and ki - uri , also called akkad , together formed the lands between the two rivers and shared a common culture and two main language groups , the languages of two races evenly dispersed over these lands ; for many centuries , there had been no territorial boundaries delineating the countries into north and south , only territories of the city - states , each with its own king .
they walked south , to the border of guk - inak - ra , a province that had been conquered by the large , neighboring country of hestillih .
the unit they gave him lay in the safe , permanent position in the armies of the northern boundary between jevkladd and the country of veiaupeknad , but remembering his promise to narae , hernendor refused to leave the lower ranks that were being sent to ki - lam - vera , so that he could try to find her .
i ve always had a standing invite to speak at a number of learning institutions around the country and the university of hawaii is one of them .
sallys ears started to burn , her face flushed ; she felt betrayed by her own country , by her own people .
the n - wave used a loophole to get around einsteins universal speed limit , ensuring that travel in space would be as convenient as hopping a jet to visit another country .
the young man wanted to become a knight of trisden , to patrol the nation - state of manwor and protect its inhabitants from the malignant creatures living in neighboring countries and the underground .
the place was beautiful ; a jungle - like atmosphere with exotic plants and trees that gave the feeling of being in some far off country .
she was the first deaf and blind person in this country to graduate from a university .
we use the term african americans now in this country , but yes , negros would be correct .
mi had been stunned to read on the internet how her family had starved and tortured much of the population of her country .
her husband kin doum foel ignored her , and would either be playing with his college sex toys or traveling around the country preforming official duties .
she had not expected kim to return so soon because he had said he was traveling to a distant location in their country to witness a missile launch .
there would be no difficulty getting it , she could easily order any male in the country to supply what was needed .
without an heir , the doum foel dynasty will fail and the country will fall into chaos .
mi knew that she had been very fortunate that the item had not been on the large list of banned items that could not be imported into the country .
in a country with a population of over eight million people , only chin , cho lee , and mi knew that kim had run off to turn himself into a woman .
in the meantime , queen cho lee would run the country until he recovered .
dina watched the man in the shows he appeared in nowadays , they broadcast the only man who turned up after twenty years , in every country , with broadcasting some parts of american shows , so the woman also got know that laurence was fed up with girls try to flirt with him .
witch country are you from ?
he won , and the weight of the country suddenly settled on his shoulders .
wolf had been around the very best public relations firms in the country , and not a damn one of them could have come up with a scene that would rally the troops the way mother had naturally .
` ` and then you ' ve got her , and about a handful like her across the whole country .
wolf had n't thought it was possible , but with so much of the world stored digitally , it made sense that one kid on one computer in a tiny little area of the country could literally take the rug right out from under the entire army .
do nt you remember that in your country , people were buried underground after the worst of the waste wars for six months ?
of course , towards the end of our days on earth , certain areas in many formerly well - off countries had been hit hard .
and we were n't a country , but we were close .
as the tides of time sweep over man and country so does the weeping of its most vital component , a mans hoarse voice echoes behind sylvia as she turns completely to see her boss , michael oppenheim , standing there .
also , brazil is the furthest country on the current manifest .
relax james , we are in another country .
she is of mexican descent , mocha complexion , dark brown hair , tall , pretty , but not feeling she was , and speaks with a slight accent , but she is american , born in the united states , educated to middle class parents who struggled from their roots in a poor town near juarez city to the hard work and perseverance of becoming citizens of the greatest country in the free world to give their children a better life .
mercedes thought to herself , i m going to be homeless in a country i ve never visited .
in the beginning there is chaos when the gangs and sects of the countries of the old world order were at constant odds with each other .
and women could nt afford to drive halfway across the country to one that had an opening .
she was still a girl stranded in a foreign country without a passport .
well , i ve landed in the same country , different century .
she truly was lost and alone in a strange country .
you were lost in a foreign country .
or even the entire country .
( besides the swelling oceans , another reason the japanese rebuilt their entire country underwater . )
they will never suspect that you left the country .
the luxuriant vegetation covering a large part of the country , is interrupted at intervals by yellow , red and dark blue expanses .
here flowers of all sizes spread even across the beaches , inside the villages and towns , so that the whole country is perfumed .
since the independence of the country fifty years ago , its government has introduced tax regulations in favor of foreign investors , passing laws which allow the setting up and management of bank accounts and companies in total anonymity .
since then the country has undergone dramatic changes : the offer has been extended to money laundering and illicit trades , but what is worse , the immense wealth flowing in from abroad has become a blackmail tool .
her boss is a businessman among the richest in the country , but with a peculiar hobby : he is a killer , the best in the market .
perhaps it 's because the country is obscenely overpopulated and space is at a premium .
in fact england is now one of the most densely populated countries in the world .
and which does not , naturally , prevent any of us from continuing to assist as many people as we wish back in their native countries .
of course , a large number of new yorkers wo n't even know where a lot of these countries are .
conflict deaths in five different countries ( the good old human race ) , three terrorist suicide bombings ( the good old human race ) , debt crises everywhere ( the good old human race ) , and i was about to start on the important sectionthe sports sectionwhen a shadow fell across my table .
which country ?
look at our politicians , any day you want , in any country you want .
and if your professor is not averse to a modicum of black humor , factual black humor i hasten to point out , then you should take a look at the country i live in .
my car is an audi 8 but the speed limit in this country is a pathetic 112 kilometers per hour , so i chugged along in the fast lane at around 125 per hour , safe enough .
actually , maybe the speed limit is n't pathetic given the fact in the first place that the whole country is obnoxiously overpopulated , and given the fact in the second place that they ca n't afford to build a road system capable of safely handling the resulting volumes .
england is a country where orthoepy no longer exists .
and to be fair , there were some civilized brits in the bar , survivors of their country 's slimy slide down the slippery socialist slope , forgive the uncontrived alliteration .
and as for the older ones , those born during world war ii , or just before or just after , well , they had had no choice but to become accustomed to it , it was part of their environment now , they had no choice but to accept the situation , this is what their country was made up of nowadays .
perhaps i should take the time to explain why i am living in okriftel , germany , a country well renowned , as you are aware , for its complete lack of cynical humour , sophisticated humor or any other kind of humor .
down to first names now and talking to each other with ' du ' , a rare enough event in this country .
you know which country you are travelling to when you check in .
i also saw a t - shirt which i do n't think you could possibly find in any civilized country .
several other countries have been adding themselves to that list : israel , pakistan , india , north korea , for example .
first of all , through wars and so on , we have divided up our planet into 197 separate countries , give or take a couple and depending on how you define a country .
first of all , through wars and so on , we have divided up our planet into 197 separate countries , give or take a couple and depending on how you define a country .
some countries are huge , the largest one measures 17 million km2 .
we no longer have the soviet union , we no longer have yugoslavia , we have lots of different countries instead , all because of the fact that their inhabitants are incapable of living together in a single country .
we no longer have the soviet union , we no longer have yugoslavia , we have lots of different countries instead , all because of the fact that their inhabitants are incapable of living together in a single country .
recently , even sudan split ; there is now a country called south sudan .
and in my part of the world , the scots wish to split from the english , the belgians want to divide themselves into a flemish - speaking country and a french - speaking country , the spanish want at least three countries , spain , catalonia and a basque country , and there are stirrings from andalusia , galicia and the asturias as well .
and in my part of the world , the scots wish to split from the english , the belgians want to divide themselves into a flemish - speaking country and a french - speaking country , the spanish want at least three countries , spain , catalonia and a basque country , and there are stirrings from andalusia , galicia and the asturias as well .
and in my part of the world , the scots wish to split from the english , the belgians want to divide themselves into a flemish - speaking country and a french - speaking country , the spanish want at least three countries , spain , catalonia and a basque country , and there are stirrings from andalusia , galicia and the asturias as well .
corsica wants to be a brand new country , it does n't want to continue being part of france .
that was one of the repressed countries forming part of the soviet - dominated empire .
large parts of the planet operated under this system : china , russia , soviet union countries , eastern europe , parts of asia and lesser nations such as cuba and north korea .
communism operates by power , threat and fear and the masses were imprisoned within their own countries and not allowed to travel exceptwhat elsefor the lite and a few of the favored comrades such as outstanding musicians , athletes and sportsmen .
and we still have dictators today , and bloody rebellions and revolts have been taking place in certain central african countries and others such as libya , egypt , syria , yemen and so forth .
but this is how it goes , and i will take my country of residence as an example . ''
and if you are a foreigner , but your children are still living with their grandparents back in your home country , the nice german taxpayers will pay you the same amount of money each month as they would if your children were living in germany .
and to make sure the cement had set , ` ` and have you considered that you may be held personally responsible for causing your country to miss out on some incalculably valuable intelligence ? ''
but some of it arrives , licences having been granted in certain areas by greedy and corrupt birdbrains or dictators who have accepted large bribes to permit the poisoning of their countries .. that is why , for example , 40,000 tons of hazardous pesticides are lying around right now somewhere in africa . ''
vast swathes of land in countries like russia , nigeria and many others are polluted with oil .
aserbaidschan is a relatively small oil - producing country which still manages to run off about 100,000 tons per year of contaminated oil into the caspian sea .
on the other hand , there were certain undeniable powers floating around which could , if proven to be authentic ones , turn out be of earth - shaking importance to his country .
` ` sure , let 's take the country i live in .
even a country like the u.k . , which represents less than 1 % of the world 's population , requires hundreds of government departments , staffed by a vast army of hundreds of thousands of people , to tell others what to do , to create laws for them , to try and ensure those laws are obeyed , and to deal with those who do n't obey them .
i was introduced to all of the newcomers and they includedi can recall most of themone of the ministers for defence attending the cabinet ; the attorney general , who , among other things , is the government 's principal legal advisor on matters of international law ; the minister of state , cabinet office ( who is responsible for providing policy to the prime minister ) ; the boss of sis , better known in common parlance as mi6 ; the parliamentary under - secretary of state ( international security strategy ) ; one of the five ministers who , together with the home secretary , head up the home office , which in turn is in charge of all of the country 's police forces ; the first secretary of state and secretary of state for the foreign and commonwealth office ; and the boss of wilton park , a department located in steyning in sussex , god knows why , and which is responsible , among other things , for arranging international conferences for politicians .
their country 's name derives from the description ' big brittany ' , a term used by the romans in order to distinguish it from the region of ' small brittany ' in north - western france .
whether it 's the massif central , the alps , provence , brittany , the loire valley , the pyrenees , the basque country around biarritz or wherever , france is one beautiful country .
this is admittedly only possible if you take the trouble to learn their language properly , rather than wandering around their country spouting a load of unintelligible , grammatically incorrect , birmingham - accented junk .
there are also plenty of dilapidated , uncared - for or abandoned buildingsalthough not nearly as many as in italy of course , the italians rival the ex - soviet union countries in that respectand this tells you that you are in a different environment from the moment you cross the border .
the culture is different too , not surprisingly in view of the fact that most of the country was dominated for centuries by the arabs .
in fact it is the language , more than anything else , which is the distinguishing feature of this country 's culture .
we must remember that for many decades spain was an extremely poor country .
the losses had existed for some years and he and his executives had initially wasted their time blaming the country 's economic crises , europe 's economic crises , then the competition and then the market - place , and now the losses had ballooned to around 10 million annually .
day 30 the crossing to palma is supposed to take seven hours , but time in mediterranean countries being subject to an alternative measurement system , you need to translate this into eight hours , and so indeed it was .
i pulled the switch and converted my brain into full spanish language mode , a simple enough matter of neuron reprogramming similar to that of switching to the left side of the road when arriving in the u.k . or , come to that , in japan or any of the other countries which do the same .
i liked him enough to stay on for another coffee and discuss the pathetic economic situations created by the elected birdbrains in his country and in the other countries around europe and around the world .
this is a great country to be in from may through october .
and considering the nature of the organization which must have done it , and irrespective of the country to which it belonged , there would probably never be anything else to report .
you always read about stuff like this happening to people who are vacationing in a latin american country .
yes , he was spiritual , but he still believed in keeping their country safe .
the whole country of the united states had fallen apart into a north versus south kind of attitude .
he was a foreigner in a foreign country .
but in his own country , unofficially , he was the last of a warrior class that was still struggling in the background of modern pacifist leadership , to win back to the old ways of china as the conqueror .
he rarely did that , but when he thought of the children running the country , instead of men like his father and ... he smiled ... himself .
collateral damage was three villages of men , women , and children in two middle eastern countries .
a country called america on a planet called earth .
he had been offered numerous offers to leave the state and travel not only to numerous academies within the country , but also around the world .
lashonda applied for positions at all the industry labs in the area and even a few university labs in other parts of the country , but she felt like she was only going through the motions .
they flew topher and lashonda out to old york , and lashonda watched from the live studio audience as shaggy - furred jeckie danson , an old english sheepdog , introduced topher brooke to the television viewers of the entire country .
a few weeks later , the tabloids ' splashy news about ` ` the whirlwind romance of the heiress and the comedian '' made its way across the country to lashonda 's sisters on the other coast .
there had been a time when libraries were scattered across the country , but after the war , society had no use for them .
the prevailing opinion about their neighboring countries was that they were vicious , brutish places of savagery and debauchery .
we 're free to move about the country , to new orleans incidentally .
personally , i d rather not have to chase you all over the country just for a dinky little thing .
in that country there were black clouds like stacked mountains .
he who would come into our pleasant country must come to it by blood . ''
the country of the king when your faith descends from heaven when you find you can not fly when you lose the strength to bargain with the powers of the sky , when the things they keep demanding seem impossible and grand you can come into the country of the powers of the land .
and your anguished hope of heaven , once a parched and withered thing , will be branches red with berries in the country of the king .
in countries all over the world similar success stories of empowerment and hope is listened to everyday , in most parts of the world we take it for granted , it was not always the case .
the president was out of the country for a secret medical procedure to address his long term bout with lung cancer .
over the last four years we have started to make and shape this country and return it to the promise of hope for all .
i now call on each and every american to unite and help support this country moving forward , for united we stand and united we can achieve greatness once again .
also they are an old country that is also young ; they have a caste system which we might be able to use since many of the worlds will not be very open with the new immigrant humans .
she arrived the day before after touring the country in her pre inauguration trips and would be spending the next couple of days here .
but they also wanted a ruler that was working for the improvement of russia , they would allow them to drink and chase women but the country was still very conservative .
they touched on many needed projects and while no major changes were enacted improvements across the country were the results .
barley hidden from the public by a brutal and effective censorship much of the day to day running of the country fell to others , others like marshal malevich and his allies .
president kirov , was away , he was staying in one of his many vacation houses through the country , this time on the black sea .
always a quick think the marshal set up a team to watch and monitor the broadcast and the additional information they provided while focusing most of his efforts on getting his country prepared .
usa after 1 hour the true extent to the problem was emerging , with most of the country still asleep and unaware a very large and very powerful human / alien force had invaded earth and was marching on the united states .
` ` all life is choice , the great blackness of space is not easy , over a trillion have died from the beginning , there are forces out there beyond your control or understanding , the golden ones are a simple test , since you are willing to fight , and have risked much in the counter attack , you appear worthy to approach if you want your country and your planet free then you must earn it and gain the respect of great humanity .
it would take a while still to tame the country but for now the invasion was successful and phase 2 and 3 would now begin .
the new speaker of the house was a fierce ally of president elect smith , and while not agreeing with the idea of giving up part of the country he was interested in crushing the other parties and ensuring a long and uncontested rule .
little talked about but always beneath the surface was the guilty satisfaction that the two countries largely affected by the invaders were the united states and south africa .
small scale fighting was still taking place in the central part of the country and would continue for a while longer .
asked yss ` ` commander , if i may , '' asked the gift builder , ` ` the primitive religion is very deep in this country , our first contacts trying to spread the word of the blessed ones have been clearly rejected .
combat team leader cals was working on the peace part , as her forces were now pushing into the namibia and the other border countries she was in an aids and hiv clinic near sprinbok just south of the namibia border .
it would be broadcast live around the country and the world .
the country was not going to be conquered but large parts occupied for the foreseeable future .
while the country had many major issues , it looked like it would survive .
each of your countries is a leader in your region and has a large and growing population .
new - earth miniseries mission to the united nations : there are no embassies to the un , however there are peace missions , and countries have peace missions to the un .
i think it is a map of our country : kiolerasdarque .
i heard news when i was strolling around town that our country , kiolerasdarque , might get a new name .
its called other countries than kiolerasdarque .
he had killed five kings of their country , earning five wands .
it ll be fun traveling across the country .
dragons are mighty creatures , the strongest race of all kiolerasdarque , the second eldest , for the elves are the oldest race of our country .
where are you from in this mighty country ?
they clashed swords , and together , they created what was probably the biggest fight in the history of kiolerasdarque , or what was to be named of the country .
i hid it ages ago in a beach here in this country .
each rider has a certain material found somewhere in kiolerasdarque that can kill the rider , but there is only one piece of it throughout the country , and becomes more rare the more powerful the rider becomes .
it apparently was the sixth battle of the war , since there have been fights all around the country .
thetra immediately knew that bewaldt was striking back at the dragons , proving that they did have power over the country , and now no one could stop them .
you must be arrested , for every citizen in this country must call it arque !
then they fell asleep in the new country , only to awake and find themselves in the same place .
golems were the toughest , mightiest creatures in the country , and the army had to fight a whole army of them ?
both of these two races have been alive since the beginning of this country , said arek , settling the argument .
after all , they have been traveling for days , only scrounging up what they could find around this humungous country .
there s hardly any arque left in this old country .
ghuar mentioned the survivors were torke and harldart , who both were hiding in faraway countries , said mordon .
although i really do not know who possibly would even want to hide from us , unless they went back to their home somewhere in this large country .
in the future , citizens all over arque will know and remember this horrible bloodbath , and if we have all the survivors , then we would be evidence that this battle really took place here , for the only people that are ever going to be in this country in the future will be the government peoples children and the men coming from faraway lands that moved here to make a living or just to have shelter , food , and water .
no one can live in this country , or at least not in all the other cities .
i figure if we have to roll on across this shit hole of a country against hordes of undead sack biters , we might as well do it in style .
it comes as no surprise that a man who would sell out his own daughter would sell out his men and his country as well .
if the entire country were a corpse , these parts of the skeleton have been picked clean by the carrion feeders .
steve kuhn - we are the entombed : dext of the dead , book 3 the dead have permeated every square inch of the country , leaving the survivors desperate for commodities .
like , when we used to see ten and eleven - year - olds in third - world countries toting aks and lobbing grenades at tanks and shit .
i m in a good area with the best communications in the country , probably the world .
chasing this goddamn unit across the country .
more than halfway across the country , countless miles , often hungry , always afraid , lost friends , the bernies , the haven , the cross - huggers , the community , the pirates , the facility , vegas , nellis now , finally , we ve reached themkilo fuckin company , baby !
the men here said they d give their lives for their country , and they meant it .
the way i see it , if we can get all these tough motherfuckers on the same page , this country , the whole world even , still has a chance .
were about to take back our country , one tough motherfucker at a time .
the folks who make this country run , who get up and go to work , take care of their families , and connect with their communities .
clyde may have had his troubles , but now he was a true american hero who gave his life for our country .
when they finally got the technology to mass produce them and got the power contacts strung up around the country , the cars finally became practical and everyone was buying them .
the country had still been in a state of shock .
the country was still in a state of shock , and while the city had rolled out all the lovely lights and decorations , people went about their business somberly , as if the steam had been squeezed out of them .
she had also wondered how she would stack up in the land of eternal youth and beauty , where there were more models and movie stars per square mile than any other city in the country .
now lets learn about the largest city in our country , new york city .
they have conventions all over the country and these people go all out : costumes , autograph signing sessions , memorabilia , its a huge industry .
for ten years he had become immune to the musty rooms of endless cut - rate motel rooms around the country .
this time she let her do most of the talking , giving her all the latest news about her youngest sister michelle and how it had begun to get hot up in that part of the country .
on the 14th of march , year 2014 , an earthquake of great magnitude like never seen before began , entire countries swallowed into the ground .
the transport will be instructed to leave in thirty minutes for the country .
i keep ending up back in this country in its many histories and many forms , with my favorite being an australia in one reality were its most famous export is fish people fingers .
i wanted to stay longer , wish i could , but i have a higher profile than both of you do and ill need to get out of the country quick after helping with this job .
america has offered up redemption to so many of those who are dragging down this country .
i know you do too and we do nt want this country to make packs with the devil like others have and we have to change before heaven shakes our foundations for what we have let happen in our land of red , white , and blue .
this country is being attacked .
miners have for so long been a backbone of this country .
no matter what you say the good people of this country will survive because they are nt afraid to work !
it 's hard for me most of america to comprehend when something is right in front of us that we do n't take hold of it for thebenefits it holds for all of our country .
though this part of our long history has served us well in building a nation , it also flies into the face of making this country the best it can possibly be .
we now have confirmed that this is nt an isolated incident but a coordinated effort of multiple nuclear events in major cities and power plants and military installations across the country including chicago , new york , atlanta , washington , d.c . , and los angeles .
i left my country to escape violence and persecution and to give you children a better life .
a good part of the center of this country is , too .
on this ground , from dawn until dusk , men of the highlands and those from a far - off country had fought one another in a growing ordure of churned mud and entrails .
bce 2000 : this is the era of urukh , king of ur , and it coincides with the rise of sumir in the southern part of the country .
sargons claimed origins are as follows , and were found on fragments of tablets from kouyunjik : sargina the powerful king , the king of akkad am i my mother was a princess , my father i did not know , a brother of my father ruled over the country .
( the book of mark , chapter 5 ; verse 1 ) then they came to the other side of the sea , to the country of the gadarenes .
( 10 ) also he begged him earnestly that he would not send them out of the country .
11 no one knows now which humble citizen in which neighborhood in which country first came up with the idea of the dragon song .
these natural outpourings and expressions of the populaces hopes , fears and passions became an indelible part of our popular culture and they were recorded , anthologized , and analyzed by ethnographers and musical historians in countless languages and countries .
and so the things which had loomed so large in our minds beforegetting that promotion , having the latest gadget , knowing the name of a pop star in a country halfway around the globesuddenly seemed to dwindle in significance .
well , you know , i thought a lot about actually joining the confederates , they have a lot of things right in my opinion , that we should let the states keep their power and not unionize ; it 's dangerous for our country .
charles had teleported them far into the wastelands of some distant country , they were in the middle of a dead city .
i mean the one in some african country that was destroyed .
it was a different branch of a terrorist group that had been terrorizing a middle eastern country for several months .
they cut to a shot of some country , i was nt sure which one , and a huge bomb went off , tearing apart everything it touched .
ships from western and northern europe , north america , parts of south america , south africa , western africa , japan , australia , south korea and a few other asian countries .
more , he felt himself slipping dangerously into that unknown country called panic .
buy a gun and leave the country .
when the time came , she could leave the country .
leave the country .
they accomplished their goal , however , one other country , the asian empire , which consisted of all asian countries in asia , was not easily taken .
they accomplished their goal , however , one other country , the asian empire , which consisted of all asian countries in asia , was not easily taken .
we thought the country was lost .
michael and corith were able to take everyone over , except for the country that occupied all of asia .
wishing to be saved from the country in which has damned its whole purpose and material .
it was brutal , but we did it for the love of our country .
but within days these acts of aggression had spread all over the country .
they represent every state in the us and every militarized country throughout the world .
everyone tried to find someone from their own country to be near or at least someone that spoke their language .
all he wants is to kill for his country .
the corps and zero were flying all around the country .
i have been traveling the country tailing recruiters .
i had no problem fucking that country up .
the capital city of a planet with only one habitable country had been nigh on demolished , and it left the majority of the population unemployed and homeless .
` ` i plan to build a lair at the heart of the earth , linking such to a derelict building in every major city of every country .
kiels tactics may be unifying the country , but they were also destroying it .
it made it much easier to get entertainment from other countries , particularly south korea and the united states .
for ryong like me , dragons , the lifespan of this country , sixty years , was nothing more than a blink of an eye .
but those steeled eyes lead me to continue wondering about what might go on behind them as i walk through the streets of a country that had abandoned itself .
so , you re a zombie , who rides trains around the country .
` ` i ' m getting word the aliens are posting minders in the house of commons and similar bodies in russia , china and many other countries .
soon the southern country collapsed .
at that time , only one unified country existed .
despite everything , we were still a violent species and the unified country nearly broke apart several times .
` ` what do you consider country on the destiny ? ''
it was time for action as the country erupted into civil war and zendo became the key to end it .
while many are in florida or in st . petersburg specifically , i run across plenty of other cities and countries also .
there was nt a person in the country who did nt fear my name !
truthfully the only other country i had been to in africa was namibia and that was just for a one week camping trip .
well its simple , you are just like me and the hundred others that roam this continent , we have become a pack of brothers and sisters related not by blood , but by something stronger , the fascinating hand of evolution.we are new breeds , apex miscreants who are scattered around this great country hiding like dogs from the other natural predators who have clearly perfected their new abilities they were dealt and embraced what they have become .
the device was simple , the small watch - like device would be strapped around your wrist and through voice recognition you could access any area in the entire country just by saying its name , there after a topographical image of that area would be projected in a three - dimensional holographic form .
this is the most powerful country in the entire world .
i do nt mean french transplanted to this country .
at one time the tribes of the nation were spread across this country .
i love your country .
and all filling stations are closed today thanks to the fuel crisis that is going on in the country .
and their theory seemed to be borne out by the president elect of the new unrdc , who had issued a statement condemning the ` ` godless country of america '' and scoffed at the suggestion that he or any of his cabinet members had been planted by the cia , or that they had any ties whatsoever to them .
nor had he found any evidence that the newly formed usdr , or its ruling organization , unrdc , had had any ties to the middle east , or the newly formed country of new iran .
the once magnificent country of america was no more , and now would begin the battle for dominion over what remained of her lands and people .
i do n't know about all of it , the country , i mean , but i know from what he told me , god , i mean , it 's pretty bad .
the middle of the country is pretty bad , he said , and he also said it would n't be easy to get to new york .
there could be a whole new river cutting through the middle of the country .
` ` so , '' gary continued , after a brief pause , ` ` you 'd have one hell of a big river , and then almost an inland sea in the middle of the country .
in effect it would pretty much cut the country in half , i guess .
they were from another country and would be hard to come across again .
i have other cache 's around the country but this will be the most important .
it would n't be long before the early rains came and flooded this part of the country .
across the border is the true north of the country , but according to the old man this land you now stand upon was once another country and that was the border to it .
across the border is the true north of the country , but according to the old man this land you now stand upon was once another country and that was the border to it .
alex decided there and then that she did n't like this part of the country and vowed to return south , to the north , as soon as possible .
this is going on all over the country , he replied .
said the country needed men of the wild in case it became too civilised .
you 'd enslave a country , bend them to your will , and then say ' it 's for their own good ' .
i got to see the places that bear had once seen - lands of sand for as far as any eye could ever see , places where the snow remained all year round , where animals the size of houses walked and lived ; even to the point where the land ended and there was nothing but the sea of my own country full circle .
we saw another 63 winters before we drove ordenheim back into the last of the forts , fort astanon , in the country of small people with different eyes and black hair .
you 'll find a man who sees his beloved country being brought to its knees by the allies after world war one , being punished repeatedly by legislation regarding industry and commerce .
i watch him select a pale yellow box and turn his attention to one of the long backpacks we ve been carrying across the country .
the paperback in my hands is about india , the country bharat used to be before everything went bad .
of them , the two cities remainone of which is the country i m now inand as of yesterday eighteen forgotten towns are standing .
can an entire country of people really be so wrong about the people of india ?
but we need it in states and we do nt have a safe way of getting into the country .
no , although i have spent time in your country .
i was graduate student at the university of cincinnati and spent several years in your country .
now he could perform his duty to his god and country in a big way .
he still intended on getting the ship back to his home country and being a national hero .
it ran with the most deadliest speed , and for that reason , most countries had outlawed its possession and sale , south africa and egypt themselves inclusive .
you will be able to enjoy the freedoms as any other person in this country .
adam was a little disappointed , being on opposite sides of the country would hurt his chances of getting to know the real elizabeth pace to say the least .
i know of alpha squad who started in china , beijing to be exact , and how they brought the most populous countries population down to half before they were stopped .
a small backwater place in his home country .
for god , king and country , let us seek out new lands to conquer , plant our flag in fertile ground and claim our victory .
it takes more guts to go out there and fight , just ask ariot , to brave death for those we love , for our country , dare i say it , and for those who can not protect themselves .
magen did not catch the significance of the fleets direction , he was still unaware of the landings in the country he had chosen to call home .
well fine then , maybe you d prefer to stay here and abandon your country !
they were not really on the best of terms , janessa had abandoned her gone off the some foreign country and joined the army on janessas part she felt her mother had let her down , which was somehow related to her fathers death in battle .
you think , that i have had a bad dream , and now i ' ve suddenly woken up and want to go to the other side of the country because of it ?
actually , i m flying all across the country to meet up with a guy i met once , at a party .
they did nt even do it at ucla , one of the premier medical institutions in the country .
or he would moan about how much the country was becoming a police state since the republican congress took back the borders .
in order to do it without forking over a small fortune for special tickets , suella had to accept a torturous series of flights that hopscotched across the country with stops in houston and phoenix before finally landing at bob hope airport .
she lives on the other side of the country .
fly around the country .
for two weeks , she was alone in the house with natalie because nathan crossed the country again on tour for his book .
she was nt in any great hurry to get across the country .
she remembered back to her wedding , how everyone was so busy , with so many people flying in from all over the country , that nathan probably had nt had the time for a traditional bachelor party .
for christmas present , she and nathan were spending quiet days and evenings at home while bots delivered presents nearly every day , either the ones they d ordered or the gifts family had sent from other parts of the country .
they made muh - nee out of papyrus and suddenly that papyrus , which only recently kept a list , could buy or sell a country .
so many and so much mere hours before the utaran solstice , while ravno digested his breakfast and his botorang adventures from bulanaus first quarter , mr . sunshine spoke of the population in ancient countries .
when i come back and there s a wall , paul , even the beginning of a wall , anything that looks faintly like a wall , paul , i swear i wo nt stay , ill go on another trip right away toto , i do nt know , to the poorest country in the world and live on one euro a day , i do nt care .
no hurt , no harm will be done on all my holy mountain , for the country will be full of knowledge of yahweh as the waters cover the sea .
the only forest in that world exists in a country ruled by a strange despot , a god outcast from our world and theirs , who is known in our world as the trickster .
i think you can see that the government might have an interest in realms that intersect our own - countries , nations , from which there is no sea or distance separating us - places from which people can travel directly into britain without having first to reach our shores by boat or dirigible or airplane and pass through customs .
i have given a vow to serve king and country .
abraham always used to tell his children that freedom in this country was an illusion .
i do this for the good of the country , glenn said , his voice shaky as he took a moment to appreciate the daunting blood - colored night .
radcliffe was the baddest private detective in the country .
england was never my country , willy .
your country and mine are so much alike and have so much in common , unlike the jaded , cynical , and spiritually dead eu .
it pains me to say it , john , but our country has been stolen .
maybe the elder should emulate the younger , who so nobly served his queen and country with honor and distinction in afghanistan .
we do have many quality naturalist colonies back in the old country , although i was raised by timid and anal apparatchiks who were ashamed of their bodies !
you will never see country like this anywhere else in the world !
the eu is much more of a threat to your naive country than russia will ever be .
your centerfold president should move with decisiveness and crush that subversive cult without delay , like i have done in my country .
maybe because i want to see how it goes in your country for a year or two , no ?
usually the members of evilco discuss the coming year , and agree to agree or disagree on a common agenda , such as : who will be selected as the next president ; which country will be invaded , and by whom ; interest rates and derivative parameters ; and many other pressing issues .
is n't he wanted in a lot of countries for insider trading , currency manipulations , ponzi schemes gregor paulos is a country unto himself .
i swear , i did n't do it intentionally malachi wanted me to leave the country and i stupidly told him that i still wanted to run with the energy app operation , and that 's when he grabbed me and began to cry and bawl and slobber and he just would n't let go of me we got into a tussle and then he started to get a little rough so i slapped him and he slapped me back it was very windy up there , so very windy mal went totally berserk and began to punch and choke me so i shoved him really hard a gust of wind lifted him off his feet malachi looked into my eyes as i reached for him but he sailed away into the blue no one said anything for a moment , until radcliffe cleared his throat .
there is a long soft strand of beach where we can safely scuttle ourselves by the light of the mooni do have a few allies in that dreadful country who can keep us under ice , until things settle down .
it looked like something straight out of the dirt streets of some war - torn third world country .
there ve been riots all throughout the country and no one can explain why , or at least they could nt while the news was still broadcasting .
but is nt that how madmen are represented in i ca nt remember what country ?
its a well - known fact that cellars all over the country are full of nuts slaving over utopian contraptions like perpetual - motion machines and water - fueled engines .
once i asked her what country shed like to live in if she had the choice .
he could have traveled all over the country in search of privileged moments .
like a madman in some country , or a criminal in his own , or a universal dunce .
afterward , many blamed the big one , as they call it nowbut that primarily affected america , and even after new sea settled , much of the country was still physically intact .
they were as deeply associated with organized crime as any group in the country .
people in new holland bought more music than any city in the country .
the mood of not only the city changed since the national elections , but the whole country .
he thought that if his allies helped him transform the country into a total gothic state that he would obtain total power .
the early darkness that swiftly covered st . viktersburg and the rest of the country was a bit more gradual in new holland .
all of the important decisions that affected the country were made there .
he figured if he did what amounted to high financial piracy then they would have no choice but to leave the country .
for that , he needed a two - thirds majority to get approval to conduct a personal war against a group when one charge had nt been brought against them in any court in the country or the world for that matter .
she had to make a move soon or flee the country .
like any high level state building of any modern country , there were always a few underground tunnels and passage ways that lead to the street and the roof in case the need for escape occurred .
he hurried his plans to leave the country .
there are only two of them , due to the space , but its the largest library in the country .
they would all be beheaded or deported to another country , where they can be taken care of through harsher punishments .
right now , its the safest place in this country .
it happened like that all over the country .
i ve travelled a fair bit over the country , and i ve seen these things everywhere .
bringing them from kshandya , a tribal nation of jungle must have been no easy work , because the kshandyans would not have any foreign relation with sarum or other countries whatsoever .
mega cities the size of small countries made up most of the population of earth .
a few interconnected city - states in a kind of mega - city , the only place really considered a country .
the media reported gaiacorp company ceo loman praetner had abandoned the company and had most likely left the country taking with him much of the company 's finances .
she is here as the direct result of a ww 2 bomb blast which occurred thousands of miles away in england , a country on the other side of this planet !
' i would n't be surprised if it covered the whole country one day . '
hawaii was an independent country , the last that phil knew .
seeing horses in this part of the country was a rarity .
the refineries in the lone star republic were now running in fits and starts , but enough to bring hard money into the ornery country .
then , after publishing his results in railway magazine he would travel to each country and cop the lot for all time !
they fought for their country , their world .
in this section of this story he has travelled to 2008 earth , the country of the united states of america , the state of florida , in the county of brevard , and while i was rambling randomly about him he died .
in this section of this story were i introduce you to him he has travelled to 2008 earth , the north american continent , the country of the united states of america , the state of florida , in the county of brevard , and while i was rambling randomly about him he died .
he told of how he loved the unique smallness of the country , the essential realness of the people .
the prof explained that they were the leading charitable school in the country and , as such , had a broad range of students who were chosen from the best and brightest as opposed to the ones with the wealthiest parents .
i could be trapped in a foreign country with no way of ever getting home due to the fact that a solar flare has smacked us back into the dark ages and the entire world has gone to crap .
in the immediate future he was still an exile in a strange country in the new dark ages .
truly gods own country , he thought .
he told christina that the country was rapidly changing .
the war fascinated him , not just because of its high coststhe largest number of war deaths in american historybut because of the complex and traceable events that led to the war and ultimately into a divided country .
he did n't know if its effects had spread across town , across the state , or over the entire country .
fifteenth in unemployment , and currently it has one of the largest welfare rolls in the country .
for that , i guess maybe it was worth risking your life and moving your family across the country to find it .
his specialty was america at war , and he was well - published on the topic , with frequent invitations to speak around the country , which was why he did nt need to hold a full - time teaching job .
not that were looking to be heroes , but it would make for nice press in this country if someone was nt money - grubbing and looking to take an advantage .
sure , there probably was no one in the country more knowledgeable than him on american history in general , but he had nt been steeped in the gold rush and in the history of joe wilton , not the way her comrades at the museum were .
you would expect some grandiose story about the gold being stolen and the pieces of it going all over the country and creating wealth or business empires .
you re actually going to fly back across the country just to find out that it means nothing ?
she delved further into the related web pages to find that collection drives were held in nearly every community across the country where people brought their in - hand cash and exchanged it onto their devices , getting it into their personal and business accounts .
but on the surface , it looked as though , while the change was dramatic , it was a positive thing for the country .
she looked for the obvious things , and found the country was not substantially at war with anyone , was surprised that the current president of the united states was a former tight end for the san diego chargers , and read that movie theaters across the country were being retro - fitted to accommodate a new film technology , 3 - d holographic motion pictures ( and that a first - run movie ticket cost $ 45 ! ) .
the view gave an immediate impression of economic vitality that the country had rebounded since 2015 in a big way .
erica , lying in the same position on her own bed , also unable to get to sleep , had said , but its really the only way to go if they want to get all of the cash in the country off the streets in a matter of days .
to be honest with you , jeff , i do nt know if i m up for the whole security check , take - your - shoes - off thing , and then being cramped between two snoring fat guys all the way across the country .
and in his mind what he was doing was pretty romantic hopping on a flight across the country .
i ve used it for a handful of experiments , but never anything as ambitious as going across the country .
ed had read somewhere that taxes in new york were among the highest in the country .
he was familiar with the history and traditions of dozens of different european nations , but knew almost nothing of the native american peoples that inhabited his own country .
he hated field work , and longed to be back in his nice warm nsa laboratory , supervising the scientists trying to make biological sense of what the hell was going on around the country .
colleges around the country had offered her scholarships but she needed money now .
as she walked through the store , placing only the essentials in her cart , along with more instant coffee and some chocolate , several people stopped her and thanked her for all she had done to protect the country .
i seem to trust you with not only my life but with my son 's life , the world , my country 's future and the lives of all the people who live in these two cities .
i will not betray my country .
her hazel eyes gleamed , and then she remarked , the countries of belize , papua new guinea , and oman have really big sinkholes as well .
every day , in every country , all around the world , we could have risen up and said enough is enough .
` ` so , '' bob continued , after a brief pause , ` ` you 'd have one hell of a big river , and then almost an inland sea in the middle of the country .
in every country .
even now , many of you are heading out to lay flowers in front of headstones , or gathering around one of several memorials located near many ground zero sites in cities across the country .
no , my friends , i have not forgotten about the devastation that rocked our country four years ago on this date .
with the exception of those of us in the resistance , the people of america see him as some kind of great savior , the charismatic junior senator who came out of nowhere , put the country on his back , and carried it across the desert when it was weak and near dead .
it will serve as a reminder to them that they have no choice but to turn themselves over for the good of their country and for the safety of other citizens .
one day , when we ve righted the wrongs of our country and are able to become productive members of society again , we want the kids to be ready .
these are pivotal times , for both our lives and the history of our country , and tensions are high .
the road to recovery for her is full of hardships , and mirrors what is happening across the rest of the country as we struggle to move past what has happened .
believe them when they tell me it is our governments way of trying to piece our broken country back together .
our country , our world , is broken .
maybe in some other areas of the country , where cities have been decimated by nuclear war , poverty , and famine , there are miles of woods that have overtaken civilization to hide in .
being a patriot , loving my country , hoping to serve one day as a lawyer and eventually a politician .
the symbol of the red dragon comes from a country on the other side of the sea .
hell be awake soon , and i do nt want to murder a council member or well have the whole country after us , tanya said .
from the galactoweb , i knew he came from the city of arkhangelsk in the far frozen north of that country .
but that day , the one where fear and sadness gripped everyone in the country , she was nt there .
he went on to say that we need to rely on our local governments , and that we need to be prepared for the inevitability of further attacks throughout the entire country , but our local government has said very little .
logic dictates that the entire country will soon be hit .
after earning his masters , he became a political refugee from his own country because he spoke out against an indifferent dictatorship .
it sounded like it was coming in a wave across the country , and that we got it last .
um , i do nt know what happened to my family in africa , but there have been reports that much of the continent fell in the attacks , some countries turning on their neighbors , he said , as he turned and put the mic on the table , he raised his head to the heavens and his hands cupped in front of him in silent prayer .
to the citizens of those states , hear me when i say your country is with you .
the country 's in a dire state , doctor , beth said .
lady , the country is n't in a dire state .
we are all aware of the situation with the colorado basin and what that means to the natural resources of the country .
all of my attention today has been directed on coming up with solutions that benefit not just the southwest but the entire country .
now , we 're all aware that the southwest is n't the only portion of the country suffering from water shortages .
in country like this , all a train can do against an attack like that is brace itself .
eventually though , we agreed to join the ea military in the great war , under the conditions that our country retained its independence . ''
he s a little bit too good at it , which is why he s banned from every casino in the country .
` ` there 's a man in a different country he wants things that are n't his , so he sends these armies to take it . ''
these countries are as follows : kaffrika , consorta , wyrmos , han , zanto , and pire .
they needed this to manage a comfortable existence once the collapse in their own country began .
once the chinese understood the strength and resolution of north korea and dear leader , they would once again respect him and his country .
chinese nuclear missiles filled the air as they launched toward targets in foreign countries .
it was his standard day bag when he moved around foreign countries , looking for the bad guys .
how had a whole country managed to go bankrupt ?
you actually invited a secretary in another country out for a business lunch ?
* * * * * * february is the month for celebrating the return of the sun in the northernmost reaches of greenland , while those in the southern parts of the country have been enjoying sunlight every day for a month or more .
because he was from iceland , he naturally began his search in his home country , and was happy to find four worthy candidates right there in his homeland .
by monday morning her fever still had nt broken and she called in sick , and by tuesday she reluctantly started looking for healthcare options in a foreign country .
he s looking to host a day at icelands famous blue lagoon geothermal spa , which has got to be one of the most amazing things in that country .
it was a real shame , because the country itself was gorgeous and the people outside of baldurs boardroom were friendly and welcoming .
most of the people of iceland felt royally ripped off by their own rich when the country itself went bankrupt in 2009 .
he would be leaving iceland now , of course , and establishing residence somewhere with far more friendly tax laws and no real inclination to turn its inhabitants over to the authorities of any other country .
the western coast of ireland had formed its own nation over a decade earlier , and in 2047 english was rarely spoken in the new country .
not just in our country , but all over the world , elexander replied , still keeping his eyes on the controls .
from their ships computer , they d already accessed the satellite systems over every english speaking country , which were many .
at this very moment , traffic had stopped all over the united states and even in other english - speaking countries as they all waited on pins and needles to see what would happen next .
i do not understand how your mother could leave you like this in a foreign country .
what a magical place this country is .
for all we know the enemy might be invading the country as we speak .
if that damned thing hit the entire country it certainly did , hehe .
do you love this country ?
why do you love this country ?
well , dixon said , because its the greatest country in the world , i suppose .
the only reason you think america is the greatest country in the world is because you were born here , and its what you ve been told your entire life .
if you d been born in china , chances are that you d think china is the greatest country in the world .
you see , the senator thought that america had indeed been the greatest country in the world onceand certainly the most powerful .
during that time we came out of the great depression much stronger than we d gone into it , we beat the nazis in world war ii , we built a strong middle class that became the backbone of this country and that made the american dream a real possibility for everyone to achieve .
we were the greatest country on earth at the time .
we incarcerated more and more of our people only because they were struggling to survive in a country that had abandoned them .
he knew america was nt the greatest country in the world .
considering all the good things your father has done for this country ?
no , no , dr . tyson , this country is done .
to make this country the greatest country in the world once again .
to make this country the greatest country in the world once again .
but all of a sudden you find yourself , your country , and your planet in this dire situation .
a plan not just for the country but for the world .
but how is that great plan of yours going to help us now , with the country on its knees and millions of people dead ?
there are plenty of capable men and women who can rebuild our infrastructure and put the country back on its feet .
this was just about two years before i started my adult specialty of rounding up these damn cow critters out of the wildest country imaginable .
even though the weather can be good , bad , or worse , the country can be easy or hard , and like as not , no two days are alike , most days its the best job in the world .
has he stolen my pistol , joined his outlaw compadres and left the country ?
3 backtrackin in retrospect , maybe a job in this particular country had nt been the best idea .
we had rode over and looked at each square foot of the whole country in the course of about a month .
but then maybe they actually left the country before i got around to killing them .
maybe these shoot em up fellas is new in the country or have just returned from a 30 day vacacion .
as sir jake is sayin , we was out and about lookin over our country .
reckon i have a duty to the cattlemans association too , seeing as how i am working this country for them .
i like to brag that i ride some of the best behaved horses in the country .
it is yore country , fellas , and since jacob already seems to know about it , are you willing to let us in on the secret ?
seem to be a bunch of city slickers out messin around in our country .
we have become a family and this has been our country since that day .
in what they egotistically called america , ignoring all the other countries in the americas .
` ` we do not know as yet , '' he continued presently , more calmly , ` ` specifically who these men - or rather animals - are who prey on our young , as if in a wild jungle abroad , as in some foreign country , not ours .
i wonder what the country is like .
i can imagine donna 's brain working on that during those weeks , that peasant - thrift brain ... her family is peasant stock from some european country .
` ` it is political , '' barris said , perspiring and trembling a little , but looking pleased , ` ` and against the country .
she had a sudden image of her father , reading a big stack of newspapers from all over the country every sunday after church , muttering to himself , ` ` that 's not the story , that 's not the story ! ''
` ` the flight crew caught a connecting flight out , and left the country . ''
in this country , the faa requires carriers to comply , but abroad ... '' she shrugged .
i ' ve already explained to you why the flight crew left the country .
and the public does n't care , because for thirty years this country 's had the best aviation safety record in the world .
in this country , the plane flies with pratt and whitney engines .
the whole damned country will see it . ''
by saturday night , the whole country would be watching .
when the khalla - birds took off and went screaming into the dune country .
though siferra had been out of the country most of the time since then doing field work , she and beenay did enjoy meeting for lunch now and then when she was there .
` ` everything that i wrote , attacking his plan to set up sanctuary - type shelters all across the country .
were they crazy , coming out of hiding on only the second day and going marching off to some place halfway across the country ?
altinol thinks that they 're still hidden away underground somewhere , or that mondior has led them off to some place far out in the country where they 'll set up their own kingdom .
university people , maybe some people from the old government , representatives from all over the country coming together down there .
` ` so altinol wants you to go marching off through other people 's countries carrying weapons that could set a whole district on fire ? ''
since mondior never appears in person , he can be on television in five different countries at once , all over the world - nobody could ever be sure where he really was , and so he could be displayed simultaneously .
grant said , ` ` ever been to this part of the country before , professor ? ''
` ` i have never been to any part of your country , '' said benes , ` ` or was that intended to be a trick question ? ''
i ' m from the other end of the country . ''
it was my mission to get him into this country and nothing more , '' ` ` of course .
for one thing , it was he who brought benes to this country , managing that assignment with complete skill . ''
he had probably handled more miniaturized objects than anyone in the country ; possibly than anyone in the world ( although no one knew all the details of what was going .
think of your country ! ''
` ` actually , my dear , '' he said , ` ` there are two hundred million people in the country , and , with odds like that , i do n't think we ought to waste our time wondering about it . ''
from that the bent of all other minds in the country can be estimated .
` ` country , too ? ''
they stand upside down in their country , only they do n't know it , and they look just like ol ' primeval there . '
in the red , queen 's country , one had to run as fast as one could merely to stay in the same place .
for decades now all sorts of damned idiots in this country have been doing negligent things and the lawyers for their estates have been nailing the responsibility to other people 's hides .
of course , you 'd have to make a total break with your present existence and start all over again in some other country , but my reading of you is that for timmie 's sake you 'd have no problem with- '' ` ` no .
` ` -well , then , edith , even if you have a problem yourself about leaving the country , and i completely understand that , i think we can count on you at least to help us in smuggling timmie out of the stasis facility , ca n't we ? ''
` ` i do n't have any problem with leaving the country , if that 's what i 'd need to do to save timmie .
on a balmy spring day andrew and paul set out together across the country for the vast and sprawling complex of buildings that was the headquarters of the gigantic robotics company .
` ` this is your country and that gives you a psychological advantage , does it not , dr . morrison ?
then return to your own country . ''
` ` they 're not mad , '' said rodano , ` ` and whatever their intentions , they know very well we 'd hold them responsible for the well - being of an american citizen invited by them to their country . ''
bet someone five bucks i 'd jump at the chance to give my life for my country ? ''
morrison had not tried mcgill , since he had n't planned to leave the country .
` ` as far as i ' m concerned , you are free to send me back to my own country and spend all your time with aleksandr and nikolai . ''
` ` to see the country .
things are similar in my country .
how would we , then , be able to let you go back to your country ?
` ` nevertheless , '' said boranova in russian , ` ` dr . albert morrison does very well in our language , yuri , and we must give him a chance to practice it here in our country . ''
you have convinced no one in your country and you do n't have any chance of doing so as long as you are left with only the tools you have .
not only were we forced to miniaturize him , but he swore that he would abandon the project and somehow make his way out of the country to begin a miniaturization project elsewhere if we did not miniaturize him to a greater extent than we had konev .
an initial raucous laugh across the whole country and then you would be forgotten forever .
` ` why was it necessary for me to be abstracted forcibly from my country ? ''
it was only last sunday that natalya told me that shapirov took me seriously , but he is considered , at least in my country , to be unstable , too . ''
yet , when you return to your own country , do you imagine that you will not be questioned exhaustively on what you have seen ? ''
with my own hands i am taking you out of the grotto and will watch you leave for your own country .
you 'll need friends in a new country . ''
the soviet union will not allow a highly trained scientist with experience in miniaturization - related fields to leave the country .
my country - '' he stopped .
you talk endlessly about humanity , about the importance of a global view , but if we scrape you down to your emotions , it 's your country .
i have a country also , a language , a literature , a culture , a way of life .
if you love your country - '' ` ` i ' m tired of loving .
for the sake of our country and my work , i had to give you up .
you will work here as you would have worked in your own country , except that here you will be truly appreciated . ''
still , it was n't until the plane had landed on the outskirts of washington that morrison could allow himself to feel that it was over and that he was safely in his own country .
it would take a mountaineer in perfect condition to make any time at all through this kind of country .
it was once open to the sky and people crossed from city to country freely . ''
maybe even now the rumor is spreading across the yeast - vat country and down the long island hydroponic plants that there 's a killer robot on the loose . ''
` ` free country , '' i said .
what if the rip just kept growing year after year , shooting across the country like a lit fuse every halloween ?
martial law got declared virtually everywhere south of texas , and a dozen revolutions in eight or ten different countries all kicked off , seemingly on the same night .
i can just see all the charley humes in the world , with their portable radios tuned to the giants ' ballgames , a big cigar sticking out of their mouth , that slack , vacant expression on their fat red faces ... and it 's slobs like that who 're running this country and its major businesses and its army and navy , in fact everything .
vandalism in the country , though , so often involves killing , because farm property is expressed in terms of flocks of ducks and chickens , herds of dairy cows , lambs and sheep , even goats .
to people in the country , a prize sheep or cow is to be guarded against any menace ; they are used to poisoning rats and shooting foxes and coons and dogs and cats who infringe , and i could just see jack being shot , some night , while crawling under a barbed wire fence with a bloody lamb in his jaws .
he began at 8 a.m. in the san francisco law firm of sutherland , morton and o'connell , because of the threatened custody suit from the ppa - a suit which became all the more important now that he was planning to take amy out of the country .
` ` we ' ve been trying to reach mrs . swenson to ask about amy 's early life , but she 's out of the country .
in some countries , they fought the extermination of rats ; and in 1968 there was the bizarre australian pharmaceutical case .
elliot shook his hand , and said as he was leaving , ` ` by the way , would i have any problem taking her out of the country ? ''
` ` are you planning to take her out of the country ? ''
if munro does n't see things our way , i promise you it 'll be seventy - two hours before he 's allowed out of the country . ''
the zaire government had closed its eastern borders during the previous twenty - four hours ; no tourist or commercial traffic could enter the country from rwanda or uganda ; everyone now had to enter the country from the west , through kinshasa .
the zaire government had closed its eastern borders during the previous twenty - four hours ; no tourist or commercial traffic could enter the country from rwanda or uganda ; everyone now had to enter the country from the west , through kinshasa .
it was a transparent ruse : every border official recognized him on sight , but these officials were equally afraid to let him enter the country or to deny him entry .
during the sixteen hours following amy 's recovery , the erts expedition traveled 560 miles across the borders of four countries - kenya , tanzania , rwanda , and zaire - as they went from nairobi to the barawana forest , at the edge of the congo rain forest .
` ` it just means this is elephant country , '' she said .
2.war at the speed of light in january , 1979 , testifying before the senate armed services subcommittee , general franklin f. martin of the pentagon advanced research project agency said , ` ` in 1939 , at the start of world war ii , the most important country in the world to the american military effort was the belgian congo . ''
ghosts and shadows linger in graveyards more than anywhere else , especially in the older cities of the country , where the oldest , biggest cemeteries are right there in the middle of town .
` ` many police departments across the country employ such consultants when all other leads have failed . ''
we believe they helped larouche with the theft , then murdered him and left the country .
there are whole villages out in the country supporting groups of them .
` ` sounds like smuggling country all right , '' i said .
scourge me over all and take me with you to country .
there was no doubt in anyone 's mind that strathmore loved his country .
every night the young tankado stared down at the twisted fingers holding his daruma wish - doll and swore he 'd have revenge - revenge against the country that had stolen his mother and shamed his father into abandoning him .
regardless of the country , it seemed there was one universal truth when it came to offices : nobody could stand the sound of an unanswered phone .
as i ' m sure a man of your stature is well aware , the canadian government works hard to protect its countrymen from the indignities suffered in these , er - shall we say - less refined countries . ''
the call originated from country code 1 - the united states . ''
does n't anyone speak spanish in this damn country ?
my life has been my love for this country .
with the country code and area code , it was thirteen beeps .
sanders kept telling him , ` ` it 's a muslim country , phil . ''
` ` phil , it 's their country .
he was like a tourist in a foreign country who did n't speak the language and thought he could make the locals understand by shouting at them .
responding to the requests of the malay government , operations review was able to increase the number of workers to eighty - five by reducing the amount of automation at the plant , thus making the facility more suitable to the economy of a developing country . '
you know - a muslim country .
the dust which had contaminated most of the planet 's surface had originated in no country and no one , even the wartime enemy , had planned on it .
amanda werner and several other beautiful , elegant , conically breasted foreign ladies , from unspecified vaguely defined countries , plus a few bucolic so - called humorists , comprised buster 's perpetual core of repeats .
we owe it to our country to catch and kill rats , especially the wiser ones that would be natural leaders . ''
` ` do you sell any traps in the country ? ''
bolinas man dies of broken neck four days ago eldon blaine , a glasses man from bolinas , california , visiting this part of the country on business , was found by the side of the road with his neck broken and marks indicating violence by someone unknown .
gill said , ` ` what do you think of the country , as such ?
the doctor of the law and the teacher and the pages who traveled with us from bagdad departed from us now , fearing to enter this new country , so 1 , the ambassador , his brother - in - law and two pages , takin and bars , proceeded .
none of the muhammadans can enter turkish country until one of the oguz agrees to become his host , with whom he stays and for whom he brings garments from the land of islam , and for his wife some pepper , millet , raisins , and nuts .
never has the ambassador of the sultan traveled through our country since we and our ancestors have been here .
they come from their own country , anchor their ships in the volga , which is a great river , and build large wooden houses on its banks .
then i saw that he had turned quite black , by reason of the coldness of that country .
wulfgar says the far country suffers a dread and nameless terror , which all the peoples are powerless to oppose , and he asks buliwyf to make haste to return to the far country and save his people and the kingdom of his father , rothgar . ''
wulfgar says the far country suffers a dread and nameless terror , which all the peoples are powerless to oppose , and he asks buliwyf to make haste to return to the far country and save his people and the kingdom of his father , rothgar . ''
the journey to the far country in this manner was i prevented from continuing my travels to the kingdom of the yiltawar , king of the saqaliba , and thus was i unable to discharge the trust of al - muqtadir , commander of the faithful and caliph of the city of peace .
also , herger explained to me that in this north country the day is long in the summer , and the night is long in the winter , and rarely are they equal .
the north country is cold and wet and the sun is seldom seen , for the sky is gray with thick clouds all the day .
for the next two days , we sailed among the islands of the dan country , and then on the third day we crossed a passage of open water .
i said that i knew no such songs , but that i could tell them a fable , which in my country was accounted funny and entertaining .
at this the old man said that i was a foreigner , and he would consent to enlighten me , and he told me this : the name of ` ` wendol , '' or ` ` windon , '' is a very ancient name , as old as any of the peoples of the north country , and it means ` ` the black mist . ''
the events that followed the first battle verily , the people of the north country never act as human beings of reason and sense .
but this was told to me as most uncommon in the north country .
he answered curtly that i was an arab and understood nothing of the ways of the north country , and he told me that the vengeance of the black mist would be terrible and profound .
herger said to me that within the forests and wild places of the north country there live women who are called woodwomen .
from this i took as the meaning that each of the warriors of buliwyf had selected some woman who would die for him upon the funeral pyre , and this woman they treated with more courtesy and attention than the others ; for they were visitors to this country , and had no slavewomen of their own who could be ordered by kin to do their bidding .
now she was alone in an unfamiliar country , politically bound to a king she did not trust .
the people of this country might be starving , but kae - seat of arelon 's aristocracy - did n't appear to have noticed .
now our countries have more in common than just language - our royal lines are related . ''
it is hard to explain how much this country changed when the disaster struck .
their fall destroyed the arelish government , throwing the country into total chaos . ''
some - mostly the country 's current nobility - say it was because the lower class in elantris was treated too well , that their pampered natures inspired them to cast down their former rulers at the first sign of weakness .
the derethi have a particular loathing for your country because their armies never figured a way to get through those mountains to attack you . ''
` ` this country needed raoden .
` ` the king would have disinherited raoden , leaving the country with no visible heir ?
wyrn meant his words : unless hrathen converted arelon , the country would be destroyed .
changing his argument subtly , ` ` have you traveled the countries of the east ? ''
` ` if you have visited the powerful countries of the east , my friends , then you know of the influence available to those who align themselves with the derethi priesthood . ''
` ` we are the best soldiers in the country , sir , '' saolin said proudly .
` ` it is n't hard to best most of the soldiers in our poor country , saolin .
a wise farmer has time to study , assuming he lives in a country such as duladen , where men are free . ''
` ` his family took up residence in arelon about a century ago , and they ' ve amassed a fortune directing the jindoeese trade routes through the country .
one did nor dabble lightly with treason in a country where civil upheaval was a fresh memory .
` ` no chef in this country can outdo you . ''
` ` the saddest thing about iadon 's system is not what it does to the people , nor is it the fact that it destroys the morality of the country .
` ` my men are policing our country 's highways , lord edan . ''
she had to depend on her impression that his heart was good , and that in his long life he had seen and understood how far his country had fallen .
` ` this country will not last much longer .
gyorns used them to contact wyrn when in a far country , and they did so infrequently .
to encourage them to take an active role in the management of the country .
` ` they are a group of miserable , cursed individuals that your god appears to have forgotten - and the rest of the country is trying very hard to follow his example . ''
` ` one would never know this country is dancing on the lip of destruction , '' he muttered .
arelon 's defenses were so weak that a single monastery 's personnel could probably conquer the country .
if he wanted to crush the country , he could .
` ` it 's also called a kmeer or a jedaver , depending on which country you 're in .
you ca n't hope to stop him when the entire country is against you . ''
no holy ground can be dedicated in a country that has n't allied itself with shu - dereth . ''
the korathi priests are the ones who prepare new elantrians - they are the motivation behind the mercy this country shows its fallen gods .
wyrn did n't care if hrathen converted the masses or not ; as long as the nobility bowed , the country was considered derethi .
he asked in the harsh fjordell dialect spoken in the country of hrovell .
you might be able to talk eventeo into giving you sole mercantile rights in his country . ''
do not compare yourself to raoden - it is important to remember that you were n't preparing to run a country , and your popularity with the people was n't an issue .
the country would have collapsed years ago if the prince had n't gone amongst them , encouraging them and reviving their spirits . ''
i keep feeling that i ' m not doing any good - that the country is heading for disaster no matter what i do .
dorni knows why it is - no servant in the country is treated better than those here . ''
` ` our dear friend edan has fled the country . ''
and , despite it all , your country grows poorer .
why , in the blessed name of domi , she wondered , does everyone in this country feel so threatened by an assertive woman ?
he barely allowed spies into the country , let alone his only daughter .
roial spoke of how iadon had forged a country from the ashes of elantris , and how he had given them all their titles .
ever since fjorden adopted the derethi religion , the wyrns have been blatantly altering their country 's own histories and literature to make it seem as if the empire has always been a manifestation of divine purpose .
in just a few years arelon would n't be just a country of derethi believers , but a virtual extension of fjorden itself .
i have a new country and new friends !
our country has a small population - we survive by sinking our enemies before they land . ''
kaloo noted , ` ` i do n't think you want to throw this country into war .
this country certainly is a mess , is n't it ? ''
not all the people of that country are perfectly loyal to their god - some are sworn to gold instead . ''
our country has need of a king . ''
once the armada is gone , wyrn can land his armies on teod 's shore and use the country as a battleground to prove his might . ''
anything derethi , man or vessel , that remains in my country after the next hour 's chime will suffer the force of my rage .
he made each lord a servant of elantris , charging them with the responsibility of caring for the people in remote parts of the country .
` ` guess this ai n't lord 's prayer country .
ugly country .
an angular , zigzagging path led them toward a canyon floor where an ice - edged stream boiled with slaty , headlong power from higher country still .
only seventy - five miles wide at its narrowest point , the country was smaller than the state of maine .
but ingen was obviously setting up one of the most powerful genetic engineering facilities in the world in an obscure central american country .
a country with no regulations .
but they were not permitted to leave the country .
it is a lovely country here . ''
i just think a man should try to learn a country 's language before he visits . ''
it is filled with islands of serenity like this one , which have seen the solemn worship of men for longer than most countries have existed .
nobody by razon 's name flew out of the country , but false ids are n't that hard to find . ''
he came into the country on a fake passport , and other factors do n't add up .
` ` they claimed to be christian fundamentalists from my country , eager to fund my operation to find proof .
these are the methods that every revolutionary , including the founders of your own country , has used to gain freedom .
the instruction was given and taken in the town of troy , new york , which in 1962 was just starting to learn how not to be the country .
they sent chimps all around the country to different facilities . ''
` ` at two of the biggest amusement parks in the world , in two different countries .
researchers predicted that the last truly natural blonde would be born in finland , a country that boasts the highest proportion of blondes .
` ` the only trouble is , nobody in this country wants to think of themselves as joiners or civilizers .
but now , more than two thousand heart transplants are performed every year in this country .
maybe ... i 'll say the work was done in another country .
clearly , valdez was an apologist for the industrialists and polluters , the big american companies that dominated costa rica and other latin american countries .
tourists changed everything else about a country , why not its wildlife ?
` ` she is not available ; she left the country .
i want you to travel around the country , and i want you to take risks wherever you go . ''
it was interesting for a while , kind of like hearing radio from a foreign country , but gerard tended to repeat himself .
without that he would have been merely another hitler , who did n't want his country to survive him .
peeps moved to the next valley over , then the next country , pushed farther and farther by their hatred of everything familiar .
it took until the 1970s to reach the poorest parts of our country .
lately it 's been making its way through south korea , in the wake of that country 's economic boom .
she has n't traveled out of the country ? ''
but , especially when i had bumps and bruises and sore muscles , i wished i could have a skin - blistering hot shower like everyone else in the country .
this is a free country .
he has proposed that i be sent into the country for the sake of my health .
these bots wear enough ordnance to pacify a small country .
run around making lots of five - pointed stars in this country and people start screaming about satan .
` ` over the years , which country do you imagine has the best - maintained network of weather stations over a large area ? ''
after all , most americans believe that crime in their country is increasing , when it has actually been declining for twelve years .
` ` but countries like japan do much better than we do . ''
` ` i have a problem , '' kenner said , ` ` with other people deciding what is in my best interest when they do n't live where i do , when they do n't know the local conditions or the local problems i face , when they do n't even live in the same country as i do , but they still feelin some far - off western city , at a desk in some glass skyscraper in brussels or berlin or new yorkthey still feel that they know the solution to all my problems and how i should live my life .
` ` in this country , some pelas think it means you ' ve been possessed by a demon and they 'll get scared .
` ` so , in this country , if you have something to say , you speak up ! ''
i have visited your lovely country on two occasions ; while your food sits well in my stomach , the amount of bowing and scraping you show ardents made me uncomfortable . ''
not ones who traveled to empty meadows in backward countries .
` ` that a funny name for a country , though . ''
` ` he 's probably some kind of brightlord in his country , '' moash said .
` ` we are n't in other countries .
for instance , do ya hear , the most highly regarded player in my old country ( although i never saw him play ; he came after my time ) was a fellow named michael jordan , and- '' ` ` if he were taheen , what would he be ? ''
brautigan was sure the ad ran in newspapers all over the country ; he happened to read it in the sacramento bee .
i picked it up and saw i 'd landed in april of 1960 , almost five years after armitage and his friends herded us through the door in santa mira , on the other side of the country .
` ` some of the engines have got names , like delicious rain or spirit of the snow country , but they ' ve all got letters and numbers . ''
as if reading his feelings ( and possibly he can ; king has always suspected dogs are fairly recent emigres from that great i - know - just - how - you - feel country of empathica ) , marlowe 's own fiendish grin appears to widen .
` ` and the folk of your country choose their dinh for themselves .
` ` not even of my country .
relendess as ever , a man who always learns to speak the language of the land ( at least some of it ) and die customs of the country ; he is still a man who would straighten pictures in strange hotel rooms .
i ' ve written many , but most only for the same reason that i pull on my pants in the morning before leaving the bedroom - because it is the custom of the country .
seeing all the demonstrations and marches and riots on tv leading up to the first attack was like watching a movie or news footage from a foreign country .
the country of lost borders a man with binoculars .
the indians called it the country of lost borders .
the 34th was on alert whenever a spaceflight went up , according to the procedures of operation scrub , a plan first devised to protect mercury and gemini capsules should one be forced to land in soviet russia or eastern bloc countries .
almost overnight burton found his work had assumed major importance ; dozens of labs around the country were changing over to study staph ; it was a ` ` hot field . ''
* * * ` ` this is movie country , '' somebody said , looking at the sandstone cliffs , the brilliant reddish hues , against the deepening blue of the sky .
these substations were linked to the basement of the white house and were the twenty most important strategic locations in the country .
if ozette and crista galli got loose afoot in this country they might just wind up being dasher bait .
i want to know what it is about this service that really burns your country ass -- the thing you do n't even talk about among yourselves ? ''
because there 's always that one little chance that you just might be able to stop something before it gets started ... something like an unscheduled twelve - day layover on the tarmac of some shitpot arab country .
looks likely enough country for 'em .
still a free fuckin country , you kn - hey !
i will walk out of this country rich . ''
the hallway outside had been so near , yet it felt like another country entirely .
` ` the western portion of the american country is widely populated with these buffalo creatures , and many persons make their livelihood -- - such as it is -- - in hunting them . ''
` ` but you keep telling me you 're the best screwsman in the country , and here 's a fitting challenge for your talents : is it a coopered ken ? ''
the man known to his own troops as ` ` the dangerous ass '' went about the country delivering speeches recounting his prowess in leading the charge ; and as the months passed , he spoke with more and more emotion , and was often forced to pause and revive himself .
and there is an additional comment : ` ` a device of proven efficacy , in countless instances in this country and abroad . ''
that the english were confident in india is evident from the fact that they had only 34,000 european troops in that country , commanding a quarter of a million native soldiers , called sepoys , who were not excessively loyal to their english leaders .
` ` they 're still some of the best doctors in the country . ''
one of the top medical centers in the country , and here i sit , shriveling away while they fumble .
avata sails high with the gas from the sea to find the country of the spark of life .
` ` logan at dawn , with no idea what 's going on in the country below us , or the rest of the world ?
i ' ve never even flown across the country before . ''
an unpleasant idea occurred to brian : that the fuel might stop burning halfway across the country , with the 767 at 36,000 feet .
well , let 's see ... stupid enough to have been flying across the country to meet a man i first contacted through the personals column of a so - called friendship magazine .
across the world , temperatures dropped , crops failed , and whole countries fell into poverty .
just think , there are men all over the country wearing pj 's held up by priscilla 's buttons .
how many urinal factories can there be in the country ? ''
` ` it 's your country , is n't it ? ''
they were pleased and proud because most of the kids in the country over twelve take the tests but only one in fifty passes .
` ` these are some of the best scientists in the country , and still ... no interesting ideas .
this country is dependent on tourism , richard .
they ' ve gone over every square inch of this country , again and again .
this country has been a biological research center for years , and i can tell you , things have changed .
that is , until he left the country . ''
` ` when did he leave the country ? ''
when america was a new country , people believed in something called phlogiston .
he 's got the whole country screaming for your blood . ''
we sat and talked for i do n't know how long - her mostly about this goofy , greasy guy she was so crazy about back then , me about how i 'd love to take three months off after graduation and see some of the country .
this was not police country , obviously .
so if the whole country saw the police murder my hostage - a well - to - do , middle - class female hostage - they would have to believe it .
the last two nights melissa had felt them close to the center of bixby , probably up on the tall buildings down there , well away from darkling country and with a clear view in every direction .
you learned to pay attention to any traffic report automatically , the way people in other parts of the country automatically paid attention to weather reports .
in 1969 , more americans were killed or attacked in this country than have been killed or wounded in all the years of the vietnam war .
yet the hospital records ran into the millions - and that was just one hospital , in one city , in one country .
` ` we have a proverb in my country , susannah : ' the wise thief always prospers . ' ''
the piper school , his father had explained to him the summer before ( the bicentennial summer , that had been - all bunting and flags and new york harbor filled with tall ships ) , was , quite simply , the best damned school in the country for a boy your age .
lord perth was a giant who went forth to war with a thousand men , but he was still in his own country when a little boy threw a stone at him and hit him in the knee .
his undefended balls smashed painfully up into his crotch , but for the moment even this exquisite pain was news from a distant country .
this was more than an alley ; it was a camouflaged and fortified road leading ever deeper into the country of the grays .
it was as if he 'd come from another country into the world he had only glimpsed in motion pictures or television .
and he got along with his liberal friends principally because he did not bother to argue with them , and while they were shouting at each other over pitchers of beer about foreign countries where they had never been and would never go , he was drawing pictures of houses on napkins .
the funeral had been enormous , with cousins coming from all over the country .
so the scottish woman was rich , it was soon learned , the love child of a nobleman of that country , who though he could not acknowledge her , sent her money aplenty which she shared with the roelants , who had been kind enough to take her in .
he said there were children in every city in the country who were more miserable than those children .
mary beth stayed in contact with mayfairs all over the country , and fostered numerous get - togethers of the mayfair cousins in louisiana even after julien 's death and right on until the twilight of mary beth 's life , delicious food and drink were served at these affairs , with mary beth supervising the menu and the wine tasting herself , and often musicians were hired to provide entertainment .
why , this is like another country , this .
aaron lightner , the talamasca london twenty - six on and on it went , exotic and dreamlike still in its strangeness , a ritual from another country , quaint and darkly beautiful , as the whole party spilled out into the warm air and then into a fleet of limousines which drove them silently through narrow , crowded , treeless little streets .
eventually , he went to work for them , and part of his work was saving people accused in other countries of witchcraft .
country after country .
now , sarlat 's the most accurate medieval town in france , and one of the biggest tourist attractions in the country . ''
they ca n't win the battles to protect the country .
thus he and his dastard son , the prince of wales , bring their barbarian ways to france , a country that knew not savage war until they came to our soil with their chevauchees , murdered our commoners , raped our women , slaughtered our animals , ruined our crops , destroyed our cities and ended our trade .
` ` from the other side of the country ! ''
the rest of the country had shipped its native populations onto reservations here , back when it was a useless dust bowl .
they put them all over the country but mostly in the middle .
and they 're building more now because extra runways are really important if ... well ... if you suddenly have to land every plane in the country all at once .
jews in this country , a lot of them not citizens but refugees living on public welfare .
most of us are content simply to be tourists in the country of our imaginations .
barbie had darker suspicions ; this was a national security situation , after all , in a tirr e when the whole country was paranoid about terrorism .
free country .
' right now this is the country you live in .
' that is a very good literary magazine , one of the best in the country .
the town ventures money had disappeared west instead of east , not into the caribbean but into mainland china , a country where the key ingredients of decongestant drugs could be bought in bulk , with few or any questions .
or it could be the work of a renegade country , like north korea . '
probably none of them had ever been in a country where even a little ditchwater could look good when you were carrying ninety pounds of equipment and the temperature was forty - six celsius .
' the last thing we want to do is start a stampede of relations from all over the country to western maine .
the message to relatives in other parts of the country is , ` ` if you 're not here , do n't come . ''
somewhere , both close by and in another country , he glimpsed barbie standing at the door of his cell and watching .
if the most technologically hip country in the world had n't been able to get a handle on what had happened to chester 's mill by now ( let alone solve the problem ) , it probably was n't going to happen soon .
my father made me pay the late fee out of my own bank account , which i was glad to do , because there was finally a modicum of peace in the family after sixteen months of border warfare between the country of controlling parents and the smaller but well - fortified principality of determined teenager .
in hallandren - a country that controlled a good third of the inland sea 's coast - things were different .
in a way , he was the only friend she had in the city - a person like herself , a person drawn in from another country .
a country that was overshadowed by beautiful , bold hallandren .
like exile you to another country ? ''
just as it ruined me by dominating my childhood , by forcing me to honor the obligation to be taken and raped in the name of protecting my country .
each palace is like a little , autonomous country !
` ` plus , if we were in another country , i doubt we 'd be able to get you a breath every week .
the government has literally tens of thousands of patients in their several clinics throughout the country , all busy weaving or painting or dancing or making jewelry or binding books or sewing costumes for plays .
the rock - frauenzimmer combine , in their greed , had reawakened more than a man ; they had reawakened what had been an awesome and awful force in this country 's history .
the kids in this country marry for love , and maybe that 's sappy , but at least it 's not calculating .
single - handed , since 1980 , he had committed many thousands of disturbed people to the bureau 's clinics scattered around the country ; he was considered a brilliant psychiatrist and diagnostician and it had been a joke for years among us that sooner or later we would fall into nisea 's hands ; it was a joke everyone made and which a certain percentage of us lived to see come true .
` ` with people waiting all over the country and the staff overworked -- '' he signed my release and handed it to me .
we contact groups like the ordo in cities all around the country .
leaders may have fled country topeka hospitals jammed with sick , dying millions pray for cure ` ` read it aloud , '' roland said .
they have their own customs , that 's all , and the customs of the country are n't your concern .
they were there , but seemingly in another country , flailing like the limbs of a rag doll .
they were refugees from their own country , having chosen exile and service in britain over accepting the parole which napoleon had offered to prussian officers .
if they can not be woken to a natural affection for their country , such as we feel , it is our fault and not theirs . ''
` ` but this country is our territory as much as it is any man 's ; it belongs to us all together , and if we only sit here eating cows while napoleon is trying to take it away , we have no right to complain of anything . ''
everyone knew gentius 's painting , and a really impressed murmur went around : this was better than hypothetical jewels in another country which none of them had seen .
gold and silver to fuel his invasion , and the chance to split the country south from north , with the thames as a useful vein bringing him lifeblood from the coast .
we will have a hundred thousand men by christmas , and come down on him when we choose , not bonaparte - ` ` ` ` and let him milk london dry , and wreck the country in the meantime - ` ` one man shouted .
if he were a little dull and mulish when he was in drink and angry for his country 's humiliation , that was not the worst thing that could be said of a man .
` ` steady now , men , and quiet , if you love your country . ''
` ` the country overrun by all these frogs , who would be happy ?
` ` he has hundreds of small raiding parties scattered throughout the country north of london ; he can not survive long without them , and they are exposed .
` ` i fear it is the unhealthy climate and the diet of this country , '' gong su said .
the story of lien 's feat had crossed the country entire at wild - fire speed , carried across the country with news of victory and nelson 's death by the victorious soldiers marching back to london and their homes .
the story of lien 's feat had crossed the country entire at wild - fire speed , carried across the country with news of victory and nelson 's death by the victorious soldiers marching back to london and their homes .
it was all england and home laid out before him , creeping out from under the shadow ; and now he must leave it , forever , for a distant , dry country .
temeraire sighed , and settled himself again ; it was bad enough to be facing so long a sea - journey again , when all his friends were building pavilions , and soon to have pay : it was worse yet to be sent to such a strange and unfriendly country , which had no dragons at all .
that 's why i could call him the right man , and tell myself , well , maybe he is fbi , after all , or maybe he 's interpol working in this country .
that was in another country , and besides , the wench is dead .
` ` this became your life , '' he said in the same muted , unhurried voice , ` ` these books of yours and safe trips within this country because it had become too dangerous for you to risk the borders , and you settled here , not nine months ago , drinking in the southern california light as if you 'd lived your earlier days in a darkened room . ''
believe me , in this country , a riot in oxford can spark a riot in london . ''
there had been expulsions from cities and territories before , but england was the first country .
she had been on her way to a small west african country , where a minor civil war was in progress , to make a delivery which would , with any luck , turn it into a major civil war .
for about thirty years it was sir humphrey .. clarksonland , but since the country had absolutely no mineral wealth and the strategic importance of a banana , it was accelerated toward self .. government with almost unseemly haste .
scarlett was already on the last train out of the country .
it was while leafing through a magazine one day that she learned that , around the country , there was an apparently insatiable demand for commodious buildings in spacious grounds run by people who understood the needs of the business community .
now a deep religio .. political divide , concerning which of four small mainland countries they were n't actually a part of , had split the country into three factions , destroyed the statue of santa maria in the town square , and done for the tourist trade .
` ` in our sunday paper it said there was thousands of witches in the country , '' said brian .
they were floodin ' the country with a wave of mindless evil , it said . ''
` ` serve everyone right if the witches took over the whole country and made everyone eat health food and not go to church and dance around with no clothes on , '' he said , kicking a stone .
` ` that means i ' ve got jus ' africa and a lot of jus ' borin ' little countries , '' said brian , negotiating even on the curl of the catastrophe curve .
right now , across the country , people who would otherwise have been made just that little bit more tense and angry by being summoned from a nice bath , or having their names mispronounced at them , were instead feeling quite untroubled and at peace with the world .
` ` do n't seem to me there 's much left , if we ' ve got to have all these countries . ''
or a big country .
it was a nice country to be an american in .
there are dozens , if not hundreds of jackies in los angeles , thousands of them across the country , hundreds of thousands across the world .
so the idea of walking , by the sea , in a country where they spoke english of a sort , had appealed to him .
i spent time with the gypsy women ( who passed through our country across the mountains to the south , rather than cross the forest to the north and the west ) .
after some hours , a clutch of dwarfs crawled out of the hole in the cave front - ugly , misshapen , hairy little men , the old inhabitants of this country .
all over this world there were tsunamis sweeping entire countries out to sea ; there were eskimo women with breast milk full of mercury ; there were wars being fought that had been started for the wrong reasons .
even the dodeca millions ca n't make anyone in this country work on new year 's day .
a man who was winning conviction after conviction in cases of impulsive violence - locking away some of their most successful incarnations in the country : abusers , ra**sts , murderers ... well , that answered the question that nobody had been able to answer yet : yes , nemes communicate .
` ` perhaps you would be so kind as to explain to me the circumstances of your arrival in this part of the country , '' the man said , prompting gently .
` ` nagasaki is the only harbor of japan even open to any western trade : the law utterly forbids the entry of any foreigners into the country , and if they should find captain laurence thrown up on their shore- '' he stopped talking with a choking cough , as granby stumbled with the swell on the shuddering deck , and knocked him in the side .
he paused , and after a moment said , ` ` you seem a rational man , and though your conduct is not correct , i imagine you are an honorable man , in your own country .
` ` you will drop dead somewhere over the middle of the country , then , '' he said , and ate an enormous heaping spoon of the rice porridge , flavored with tunny from kulingile 's spare catch , which he had commanded to be worked up supposedly for temeraire 's benefit .
` ` that is between chikugo province and hizen province- '' ` ` hold , you leap too far ahead , '' laurence said , and made junichiro explain a little more of the geography of the nation , a small country like his own ; they were upon the island of kyushu , which after a little description laurence mentally classed with scotland : it was not the largest , nor the site of the capital , but the home of considerable wealth and industry ; and this divided into several provinces .
chapter 5 temeraire 's spirits had been equal to the challenge of thinking laurence swept overboard and flung onto the shore , even in the face of general doubt and disagreement ; but he began to find it difficult to sustain his confidence , knowing laurence in such dreadful circumstances : not merely a shipwreck in a strange country , alone , but with every hand against him - every man his enemy , every dragon .
` ` cross - country , '' temeraire said , latching on to the first part of this nearly incomprehensible narrative , ` ` -across your own country ? ''
` ` that is nothing to what a dragon of kulingile 's size could do , in the air , anywhere in the country he liked , if they have no heavy - weights of their own to check him : he might run rampant over them . ''
but she was not lacking in spirit , and drawing herself up said in chinese , ` ` those who come as thieves and invaders to our country , and make threats , deserve no considerations of honor . ''
granby , i should like a flight before bed : pray let us go aloft , and then we shall go have a look in at my egg , '' she added , ` ` and i take your point entirely ; we should n't want to leave it in this country , where they do n't value courage as they ought . ''
laurence was taken aback by the violence of temeraire 's response ; and only after a sharp recrimination did he understand that temeraire had meant to propose not a separation but their remaining in china together , as though laurence had anything to do here but make a cake of himself , prancing about in false honors bestowed for mere politics and luxuriating in a wealthy foreign court , while on the other side of the world , his country - men fought and died to defend their country against an encroaching tyrant .
` ` your majesty , '' laurence said , speaking to the ground , ` ` i must beg to be excused from speaking on behalf of his majesty 's government , for which i have insufficient authority ; but i have not the least hesitation in most heartily repudiating the scurrilous accusation which lord bayan has made against my country which , if true , would be injurious not merely to her honor but to her sense , and which should defy all rational consideration .
he could not confide any particulars to her which should in any way tend to discredit their country .
` ` well , '' temeraire said , glad to exchange his own private surprise for authority , ` ` of course china is a very large country , and they know dragon - breeding very well here , and dragon - husbandry .
` ` i can not see why you would say such a thing , when you have not the least interest in doing anything , or even learning english : it seems to me you would do very well to stay here and help the crown prince , if he means to make better friends with your country . ''
` ` china is no friend of my country , '' junichiro said flatly , and looking one last time down at the immense dragon - horde below turned and vanished into the back of the pavilion , to bed down amongst the other officers .
he had betrayed them all , and the invasion of his country might be laid at his door .
` ` i do n't think they have been looking very hard , '' sipho said unexpectedly , in his still - high voice , ` ` when they think we are guilty , and want us to be , '' which gave forthing and ferris both pause ; sipho added , ` ` i do n't mind going to have a look , either , and seeing some more of this country .
he took us to istanbul overland , the last time we were in this country . ''
but that was in their country , with all the arrangements and storehouses they have laid up .
it is unwise to fly so deep into a strange country without making arrangements in advance .
recollect he is an orphan , alone in the world , divided from the country of his birth and from his very tribe : even if he wished now to return , the port of capetown is closed to our ships , and he is not of the tswana ; his own people have no dragons among them , and would scarcely welcome him and kulingile back . ''
` ` i do n't suppose you know any of the unharnessed dragons in this country ? ''
` ` if we were inventing it all , for what reason i can not imagine , '' he said coldly in french , ` ` you would not be any worse off believing us than you are now , with napoleon chasing you across your own country , and , it is plain to see , giving your dragons a drubbing .
i know the love you have for your people and your country ; no less than mine for france , and so dreadfully have both suffered from our disagreements , and to what end ?
` ` we had to fly over three thousand miles of this country just to get here ! ''
it has n't been so long since the time of troubles , you know ; half the country would rise up if they saw dragons flying all over unharnessed . ''
but what you have done , in merely striking their chains and throwing them upon the army and the innocent peasantry of their own country , is to set them upon a course whose certain event is their destruction at the hands of a furious and determined nation .
i told the emperor i would not walk out of this country , without striking the chains off every beast i could find , if it cost me my life and him my service .
i do n't suppose there are any pretty women in this country ? ''
she 'll probably forget all about me , and if she does n't , tell her i left the country mysteriously .
before a sudden heart attack had carried him off , morris livingstone , once the best - loved short yorkshire comedian in the country had been the star of such television series as short back and sides and his own saturday - night variety - game show morris livingstone , i presume .
and charles nancy , who you spoke to , has been rather distraught - his father died , and he has been out of the country a great deal - '' ` ` last time we spoke , '' she pointed out , ` ` you were putting in a new computer system . ''
chapter seven in which fat charlie goes a long way the immigration officer squinted at fat charlie 's american passport as if she were disappointed he was not a foreign national of the kind she could simply stop coming into the country then , with a sigh , she waved him through .
i have several awards , and a medal from a small country in south america which pays tribute both to how much i am liked and my general all - around wonderfulness .
fat charlie said , ` ` what country are we in ? ''
it belonged to the spanish , and then to british , then to the dutch , then to the british again , and then , for a short while after it was made independent in 1962 , it belonged to major f. e. garrett , who took over the government , broke off diplomatic relations with all other countries except albania and the congo , and ruled the country with a rod of iron until his unfortunate death from falling out of bed several years later .
` ` we have many foreigners here , many visitors , many people who come here , who do not respect our country , our people .
` ` why not do that in your own country , miss warner ? ''
a corporation owned my country and its people , and they treated us as their property , taking what they wanted .
you take our children , run experiments you could not run in your own country , because you will not do this to your own children , and when something goes wrong , maybe a child gets sick or you think the authorities will find out , you get rid of these children .
clearly the goal was n't to remove our fighting capabilities - sure the pentagon was hit and many brave men died , but the overall effect was to really , really piss the pentagon and the armed forces off , the whole country for that matter - after 9/11 , america had an appetite for war the likes it had never seen before .
indonesia and jakarta is the perfect place to start an attack - the population density is high and there are tons of ex - patriots here , the start of an attack would send wealthy foreigners in jakarta to the airport and from there to almost every country in the world . ''
the indonesian national police has deployed half of its 12,000 - person - strong marine unit in the java sea and called in troops from around the country to search jakarta and the islands surrounding it .
i ' m not talking about a brush fire conflict in a backwater country .
low - lying countries like indonesia would disappear from the map .
if it was a country , it would be the second largest in the world - antarctica was just 20,000 square kilometers smaller than russia , another hell - hole he had drilled - with much more success .
the spanish flu ( that 's what we ' ve sold the world on , how we ' ve ` ` branded '' the pandemic ) has moved to every country in the world .
promised the country was behind us , we 'd spare no effort in seeking justice , then signed off with a god bless america and god bless new york , just in time for the second - half kickoff .
the rest of the country is still pretty shiny , from what i hear .
a country buried in trash from coast to coast .
` ` we do n't dance the tango in my country . ''
before oil , my country was poor .
` ` i care for my country as much as you do yours .
the continental divide split the country into its watersheds , driving up from the rocky mountains in the south , through canada , and down along the brooks range , ending eventually at the seward peninsula .
during the course of his sixty - four years , he had seen russia change : from a czarist country of kings and palaces , to a communist state of stalin and khrushchev , then into a broken landscape of independent states , warring , poor , and on the brink of ruin .
to raid a country 's tombs for the sake of history when the smallest trinket below could feed a family for years .
wool from the llama was the poorest quality of the textiles produced in south american countries , used by the peasants only .
he had been abducted , whisked out of the country .
the president had refused to halt the extension of the country 's new state - of - the - art missile defense system to include the protection of taiwan , and the chinese premier had squashed any attempt to limit the proliferation of its own intercontinental nuclear warheads .
the gibraltar could probably take over a small country by itself .
` ` they ' ve got me berthed up in flag country .
but in response , the chinese have already pulled their diplomats out of the u.s . and kicked ours out of their country .
with the country still struggling to recover from the disaster on the west coast , and with paranoia sky high across the country , the public was ready to accept any explanation .
it was a daunting task as data flowed in from all corners of the country .
` ` it took me a full twenty - four hours to gather data from around the entire country , specifically searching for fever cases in children and the elderly with characteristic basophil spikes .
the entire southern half of the country went red .
he 'd come to the same conclusion , mostly from the fact that the trawler had tried to enter the country through the bayou .
as part of homeland security now , the station housed one of the most advanced surveillance and computer units in the country , employed to protect the borders against terrorists and their weapons .
if not the united states , then another country .
kenny had come out for the funeral , promising to spend a week helping to get their affairs in order , but after two days , a business emergency drew him back across the country , and everything got dumped back on gray 's shoulders .
throughout the country , museums , hospitals , schools , and orphanages all bore plaques with her name on them .
her corporation helped win many lucrative contracts - oil , mineral , and fresh water - for the country and its people .
such was the country 's openness to the west , a muslim country that celebrated christ 's birth .
such was the country 's openness to the west , a muslim country that celebrated christ 's birth .
educated in england , the sultan had opened his country to the wider world , brought extensive civil rights to his people , and modernized his country 's infrastructure .
educated in england , the sultan had opened his country to the wider world , brought extensive civil rights to his people , and modernized his country 's infrastructure .
still , in the past , frankincense was the true treasure of the country , surpassing even gold .
` ` but you left the country before we could test you , never to return .
the vatican , a sovereign country , has always had an intelligence service , with full - time employees and operatives .
but there are many sects in different countries ; some are benign , merely ceremonial or fraternal , but others have sprouted up that are led by vitriolic leaders .
do you know the level of infant mortality in your own country ?
not surprising , since the waalenbergs practically own the country , painter thought .
an obelisk from his country .
eventually he teamed up with the professor in india , who was studying similar abilities among the yogis and mystics of that country . ''
miners who came from across the country to help build the first shield to entomb the reactor .
the famous mausoleum was located in india , the very country where dr . polk had last been seen .
he 's been in india for the past thirty years , studying the country 's yogis and mystics . ''
` ` how can anyone look across this blasted landscape and not know that our great country must move into a new era ?
if we had n't cooperated , as you say , our country would be at serious risk . ''
it was hard men such as these who kept the country secure .
food was the new gold in the northern districts of the country .
the cold iron reminded him of his duty , of his responsibility to defend not only this country , but the world .
they founded schools , built hospitals , improved the national infrastructure , and , most important , sponsored innovation in the rapidly growing country .
native american groups from across the country had been gathering steadily over the past two weeks , drawn to the remote location by the controversy , hiking or riding in on horseback .
after betraying her former employers , seichan was left with no home , no country .
though the north african country had shaken off the yoke of the french colonists in the early sixties , the language still persisted among its people .
from there , the vehicle forged on through the warm evening , heading toward the country 's most guarded structure : the fort knox bullion depository .
he turned to the dark office window , staring across the breadth of the country .
the chamber would release a volume of lava large enough , if spread over the entire united states , to cover the country to the depth of five inches .
' it is a singular fact that in yellowstone national park , no knowledge of the country seems to have been derived from the indians ... their deep silence concerning it is therefore no less remarkable than mysterious . '
that country had kept popping up of late : the team who attacked gray in iceland had come from there , as had that smaller burst of neutrinos similar to those at fort knox .
they were a thread woven throughout the fabric of this country .
the relief group maintained a presence here in puntland , the northeastern state of somalia , where most of the country 's lawless pirates operated .
the central government fell back in 1991 , throwing the country into chaos .
physical contact between men and women was frowned upon in this country , but there was a strange , heightened intimacy in being this close without touching .
pirates had kidnapped several british nationals over the past decade , and the lawless rural areas of this country were the training grounds for a handful of islamic terrorist factions .
next , he reached to the table and unfolded a topographic map of the country .
gray had read how the civil war going on in the southern part of the country had displaced hundreds of thousands of civilians and their children , leading to outbreaks of cholera , dysentery , and hepatitis .
it seemed impossible that five hours ago he 'd been in a country devastated by war , famine , and drought ; a land ruled as much by pirates as any government .
the emirates is an islamic country .
the gant family had arrived on the shores of the carolinas a century before the founding of this country , settling in the city of charles town , which later became simply charleston .
since then , like many american companies , the research projects that had once flourished within these walls had been shifted abroad , outsourced to third world countries where no questions were asked , labor was cheaper , and government interference or oversight was nonexistent .
` ` you must understand , when josip left for hungary , the country had only recently shaken free of soviet control .
kat had suggested keeping the expedition small , as the region where the satellite crashed was in mongolia 's khan khentii strictly protected area , a region of the country where access was highly restricted , especially to foreigners , due to preservation efforts - both natural and historical .
gray pictured that reclusive country , an isolated no - man's - land of macabre desolation and dictatorial madness , a place of strict control and impenetrable borders .
across sukhbaatar square rose the country 's parliament house .
9 november 18 , 7:02 p.m. kst pyongyang , north korea it was a strange way to invade a country .
in a poor country where corruption ran rampant , money talked .
it was my choice to sell it , and he only bought it to preserve his own country 's history . ''
the facade of the building looked soviet industrial , a holdover from the country 's oppressed past , but the interior was a display of european modernity and elegance , representing the new mongolia , a country looking to an independent future .
the facade of the building looked soviet industrial , a holdover from the country 's oppressed past , but the interior was a display of european modernity and elegance , representing the new mongolia , a country looking to an independent future .
even monk and kat had taken the girls for a short ` ` vacation '' in the amish country of pennsylvania , away from the potential blast zone .
` ` i stole you from your country , '' anna said .
` ` he fought for his country and his faith , '' anna cut in , using the teacher 's voice she used in bible classes for teenagers .
the military 's research and development agency had hundreds of facilities spread through several divisions and across the breadth of the country .
or driving across the country nonstop , spur - of - the - moment , just because he was twenty - two and could .
give him a good six - month past - due window to return before sending someone else beyond the fence deep into hostile country .
as he stood staring through the gate into the unimaginably hostile country beyond , he was gripped with the cold , sinking conclusion that he had misread pilcher completely .
this is some of the prettiest country i ' ve seen , and it 's also the least populated . ''
almost nobody knows , but part of the reason the navajo people ended up with the largest reservation in the country was to conceal this hallowed place . ''
the owner is out of the country , so the boat is currently vacant .
i got stuck down south without any spheres , and am finding my way to more civilized countries . ''
it 's practically the new capital of alethkar ; everything interesting in the country is happening there .
jah keved is a cultured country , and your internal accents are too similar to one another for outsiders to recognize .
they were nowhere near the capital , but if the entire country was consumed by war , it could reach even to the backwater areas .
` ` you do n't care about the country , '' kaladin snapped .
in each , shallan noted , the country of origin was presented far larger than it should have been .
had the entire country suddenly grown some sense ?
queen levana was going to become empress , then she would have emperor kaito murdered , claim the country for her own , and use it as a launching pad to assemble her army before invading the rest of the union .
torin was the solid one , the decisive one , the one who always knew what was best for the country .
his shoulders began to slump and cress saw the moment when he realized that it made no difference what hemisphere they were in , what country .
he had an entire country behind him , and all the people in the palace , and ... no one .
i was going to tell the world about levana 's plans to invade all the earthen countries , so that the other leaders would refuse to accept her as a world leader .
kai 's great - great - great - grandfather , the country 's first emperor , must have trusted his descendants to make sound decisions on their spouses .
here he was , the emperor , and he had no idea what was going on in his own country .
he said , peculiarly nervous , like he was speaking blasphemy against his family and his country 's age - old traditions .
maybe the commonwealth does n't want me anymore , but that does n't mean i ' m going to let levana come down here and dig her claws into my country and ruin it like she ruined yours . ''
some overzealous sense of patriotism for a country that 's trying to hunt you down as we speak ?
according to the media , cinder had been spotted multiple times in every earthen country , sometimes in multiple locations at once .
it was less than ten miles from the city of new beijing , but they were separated by such jagged cliffs that it seemed as though they had entered another country entirely .
` ` you are the emperor of an entire country .
but you are n't the only one with responsibilities and an entire country of people who are relying on you .
i have a country to run .
especially those people from that country way up north . ''
all of this part of the country had been abandoned for decades , for reasons that are not easy to relate .
in a new country .
the city was in real danger of becoming less than a city , of becoming rubble and black smoke and piles of bodies - of becoming twenty different cities that only loosely formed a country called ` ` ambergris . ''
it was about midsummer when we reached the country formerly occupied by the nyissans .
did you know that an ordinary priest is powerless once he gets past the boundaries of his own country ? '
' that 's not very promising - looking country , belgarath , ' anrak told me as pol and i prepared to disembark .
you were n't around when we invaded the country around korim .
' sendaria 's a different country now , pol , and the sendars do n't even remember the wacite arends .
' he 'll march right straight through your country . '
general cerran 's staff had carefully prepared plans for the defense of just about every location in the country .
murgo operatives were still functioning here in tolnedra even after the south caravan route was closed , but when the war started getting serious , they all left the country . '
the gold deposits are n't as extensive as the ones in southern cthol murgos , but there 's enough gold up there to attract people from other countries . '
he 's cherek , and that whole country 's full of wild - men . '
there 's a whole ocean between the two countries .
' i ' m sure it 's a nice enough country , but i do n't really want to own it .
this country of his is a stroke of pure genius .
the algars do n't have towns to defend , so they can give up huge pieces of their country without a second thought .
father never told me what sort of threats he used to brow - beat king eldrig into permitting his royal visitor to leave val alorn for the back country without making his presence in cherek a matter of public record .
a pestilence had swept the country the preceding summer - one of those virulent diseases that strikes without warning , kills off about a third of the population , and then disappears as quickly as it had come .
you 're not supposed to call on the troll - gods until you 're up higher - up in real troll country . '
this is n't troll country , ulath . '
' did sparhawk find out what country kll 's soldiers come from , friend vanion ? '
' it 's an unpleasant country . '
' it 's not that far from atana back to your country .
' where is this country of yours , aphrael ? '
well , sir , them dukes an ' earls an ' such got real innerested at that point , an ' they tole us all t ' go talk t ' the local peasants an ' t ' start runnin ' down the tax - collectors an ' t ' say as how it ai n't natural fer no country t ' be run by no woman an ' the like .
' i 'll need a couple dozen of your men who know the country . '
we 'll be in a strange country , and we do n't know the people .
i think we should find some reason to go across country . '
' the people who live in the country they ' ve gone to might be slightly interested , ' kalten suggested .
' there are so many things lacking in our poor , backward country . '
' a significant - looking country , atan engessa , ' sparhawk approved .
' i love wearing armour in mosquito country , ' kalten said gaily .
` ` all belgarion really wanted was to get back to his own country .
` ` the whole thang , friend , '' the garrulous owner of the pig went on , ` ` is that in this part of the country , them grolims always has troops with 'em .
his son decided the old man was gettin ' too silly to run the country , so he set his pa aside and took the throne for hisself .
` ` at least i ' m fairly sure that one group of soldiers in this stinking country wo n't be dragging civilians to the altar - at least not until all the broken bones mend . ''
` ` the country was more broken a few miles back .
` ` is the country on up ahead still empty ? ''
there 's been nothing but trouble in darshiva ever since she gained control of the country . ''
` ` why would zandramas leave when her country 's being invaded ? ''
i ' ve been out of the country .
the surrounding country grew more broken .
` ` they 're coming in from outside the country , '' delvor told him .
` ` it 's a very large country . ''
i hate the whole stinking country .
` ` he 's out of the country just now , '' belgarath told him blandly .
` ` i had some trouble with the law in tolnedra when i was there on business ten years ago and i took passage on board a merchantman to get out of the country .
` ` i hate mountain country , '' sadi complained , looking at a cliff that suddenly reared up out of the trees .
he likes to get our impressions of foreign countries -even when we 're not acting in any official capacity . ''
torak wanted to get his hands on it , so it was felt wiser to get it out of the country . ''
how 's the country between kadach and motera ? '
the southeastern border country of lamorkand was more pelosian in character than it was lamork , and there were few castles atop the surrounding hills .
' after my people and i have annihilated the main force of the zemochs , we 'll harry the border country on both sides of the line .
i do n't feature wandering around in strange country trying to find a trail that might not even lead to where we want to go . '
all i was really concerned about was getting through the border country where martel was planning to leave ambushes in our path anyway . '
they took shelter for the night in an ancient , decrepit barn , and as they always did in hostile country , they took turns standing watch .
azash really prefers those , but the primitives in the back country still hold to the old ways .
` ` we do n't see many city folk this far out in the country , '' the innkeeper noted as he brought a platter of roast beef to the table , ` ` - and very seldom any knights - at least i judge from your garb that you 're knights .
` ` when , i was in lamorkand , there were reports of zemochs infiltrating the country east of motera , '' kalten remembered .
` ` they were doing the same thing wandering about the country asking questions , mostly having to do with folk - lore . ''
i want to get soros out of his own country and away from all these religious ceremonies .
we 'll be in arcium , and that 's a friendly country .
` ` i ' ve never been in thalesia before , and i do n't like the notion of riding into hostile country without knowing what 's going on .
` ` you know the country , so you lead the way . ''
` ` you 're taking us into troll country ? ''
they always live in the same country with trolls .
sparhawk was coming home at last after a decade of being someone else with a different name in a country where it almost never rained , where the sun was a hammer pounding down on a bleached white anvil of sand and rock and hard - baked clay , where the walls of the buildings were thick and white to ward off the blows of the sun , and where graceful women went to the wells in the silvery light of early morning with large clay vessels balanced on their shoulders and black veils across their faces .
' then how did this abrech of deira gain control of the whole country in the fifteenth century ?
' anyhow , i think it 's time i left the country for a while until the cousins stop looking for me .
sephrenia already knew the customs of the country , so sparhawk 's instruction was directed primarily at his squire .
` ` half of the army 's still camped on that beach up in dahlaine country .
bug - people are real , but they are n't coming through this part of aracia 's country . ''
` ` he 's got that bow he made down in veltan country . ''
` ` that particular term showed up fairly often in zelana country .
` ` when he was quite a bit younger , we were fighting horsemen from a different part of our country , and one of the enemies slashed the horse across the nose with his saber .
` ` you 're probably right , '' red - beard admitted , ` ` but most of the country here in the north or off to the east is open .
` ` rabbit remembered what had happened to jalkan and adnari estarg back in veltan country .
polished walls - particularly in a mountain cave - seemed to omago to be more than a little absurd , but they 'd obviously given the children of the vlagh something to do when they were n't busy invading people country .
then you 'll have the long voyage from there to dahlaine 's country on those wallowing trogite ships . ''
` ` i think we might want to have keselo with us in the north country .
i 'll give you a sort of general idea about my people and the general layout of the country up there , and then i 'll answer any questions you might have . ''
we 're here , and the gold 's back in your home country . ''
when do you think veltan 's going to be able to get them up to the north country ? ''
` ` lady zelana 's brother 's going to tell us some things about his part of this country , '' he said , ` ` and the cap'n wants you two to sit in .
i 'll give you a sort of general idea about my people and the layout of the country up there , and then i 'll answer any questions you might have . ''
as i understand it , the natives of the coastal region of lord dahlaine 's country stay in touch with old - bear 's tribe , so if anything 's happening up there , longbow 's chief will know about it .
` ` this is very nice country you have up here , dahlaine , '' she said to her brother .
` ` dahlaine - her older brother - wanders around up here in the north country all the time .
we know that country up there much better than they do , so we 'll have all the advantage .
` ` he came up here to find out if the creatures of the wasteland were snooping around up here like they were down in zelana country .
` ` the reindeer hunters are coming down here into our country to rob and kill members of my tribe .
` ` if there just happen to be several people with hiccups standing around any of the chieftains up in reindeer country , it might just explain what 's happening .
` ` could you tell me just exactly what part of lord dahlaine 's country this is ? ''
` ` i thought the trees down in lady zelana 's country were about as big as a tree could get , '' he said , ` ` but the ones around here are so tall that they probably tickle the moon 's tummy when she goes by . ''
` ` the mountains are the country of the bear hunter tribes .
` ` lillabeth told us that your sister 's afraid that if you find out that the bug - people will be coming here instead of into her country , you 'll pull narasan and his army out of her part of this land , and there wo n't be anybody there to protect her .
i think she was hoping that the next dream would tell everybody that the bugs would attack her part of the world next and that everybody would run on over into her country to fight them off .
how much farther is it to your sister 's country ? ''
they rode on up into the mountains that stood to the east of the tonthakan country , and ariga was somewhat awed by these rugged peaks .
` ` now that is our kind of country , is n't it , ekial ? ''
there are wolves up here in dahlaine 's country , and i ' m fairly sure that the wolves would eat all your profit . ''
if you think this country 's empty , wait until we go on down into matakan .
she 'd never in her life seen any country so totally empty .
after breakfast that morning they all returned to the place dahlaine called ` ` the war - chamber '' to continue their study of dahlaine 's map of the north country .
` ` what i ca n't understand , though , is why dahlaine even permitted the crazy man to take over that part of his country . ''
there were other passes that led up through the mountains standing between the wasteland and the north country , but after ara had sent out her awareness to examine those other passes , she was positive that the servants of the vlagh would concentrate on crystal gorge , since the other passes all led into that single ravine which was the only route through the ridge - line that effectively blocked all other possible invasion routes .
sorgan rather grudgingly admitted that mountain country could be very beautiful - not as beautiful as the sea , of course , but not really all that bad .
the country down there in the south does n't look at all like our country up here , does it ? '
the country down there in the south does n't look at all like our country up here , does it ? '
' the country around here looks a lot flatter than it was off to the west , narasan , ' he said , ' and there are n't so many trees . '
we 'll go on around the southern end of her brother 's country and then swing north .
' strange things happen in strange country , torl , ' skell said .
` ` the next question is how are we going to keep them from resettling in lady zelana 's part of the country ? ''
while the soldiers seemed for the most part to be merely swaggering bullies , young men who concealed their nervousness at being in a strange country with an outward show of bluster and braggadocio , the mallorean grolims were quite another matter .
` ` they seem to be taking over your country , yarblek , '' silk observed .
` ` they are , '' belgarath replied , ` ` but you can get through their country if you 're careful . ''
` ` the country 's very hilly through there .
i ' ve got to haul ships through that country . ''
` ` ` ` the country changes about twenty leagues out , your majesty , '' hettar replied quietly , lounging in his saddle as they rode in the blazing sunlight .
` ` we ' ve never been able to pin down what country he 's from . ''
` ` were we to go on , would we not lead the murgos down into undefended country ? ''
then we 'll have to cross the whole country , and the snow in sendaria can pile up in a hurry this time of year .
when he started talking about hanging , i thought i 'd like to try my luck in a different country . ''
` ` my mother told me once that thousands of years ago we lived in a country under the open sky and that we were n't slaves then , '' taiba replied .
` ` was n't the country unified after the battle of vo mimbre ? ''
` ` a strong house is n't a bad idea in a country where neighborhood disputes sometimes get out of hand . ''
` ` something happens to a country when you kill its king , '' garion explained .
` ` no matter how bad the king is or how good the people are who kill him , the country falls apart for a while .
this country appeared to be much too civilized for the kind of dangers they had encountered in arendia .
nyissa 's a murky sort of place , and salmissra 's palace is the murkiest spot in the whole country .
their country they called algaria , and they became nomads , following their herds .
` ` sendaria was n't a kingdom then , nor even a separate country .
` ` it 's a different country , after all , '' garion said .
our country would provide an ideal base for a campaign in the west , and i ' m afraid that we 'd fall quite easily . ''
there are many young men your age who are called into the service of their country .
never mind that males our age go to war and fight for our country .
it was considered a terrible robbery of the egyptian people , as well as becoming a lucrative trade for egyptian grave robbers , who stole from their own country and sold antiquities to the europeans .
my brother bram had already left for his job managing the famous lyceum theatre and their son , noel , was visiting florence 's sister in the country .
the bright flashes of lightning slicing across the sky lit up the faces around me in short bursts , reminding me of cameras and paparazzi that no longer haunted the streets of our country .
they taught you that explorers like christopher columbus came to this country and found the native people here and called them indians .
i know it might not be comfortable for a season or two , until crops grew or animals were born , or whatever ... but this country was big enough for millions of people before .
go take over the country that used to be the united states of america ?
there was this indian village thing out here somewhere , where they did all kinds of indian crafts and stuff for tourists ; but once everyone knew they were going to die , i guess the parents all talked to the old - timers here , and on other reservations around the country , and put together a real indian village for their kids .
all of the teens in our country had been raised to eat processed foods , put in pretty packages and delivered to our pantries and shelves , courtesy of grocery stores and our parents .
` ` well , we are going to start a new world out here , a new country or whatever , and we have to hold onto our moral fiber as best we can . ''
the israeli special forces use it and so do lots of police departments around the united states and some other countries too . ''
i ' m sorry you got stuck here , but you should probably know that anyone in your country over the age of twenty and under the age of ten is dead now .
` ` in my country it was nutella .
your country was built on the idea dat nothing is impossible !
he was from another country , where they spoke a different language and had a different history .
besides the sweet glorious glee of hearing alexander actually mention the olympics - which originated in his country long before they renewed it in the modern day - dak felt unsettled .
besides , i want to ride out and taste this country of yours . ''
she rode at the head of the khalasar with drogo and his bloodriders , so she came to each country fresh and unspoiled .
ser jorah said the people of this country named themselves the lhazareen , but the dothraki called them haesh rakhi , the lamb men .
this was no kindly country .
` ` two hundred men or ten thousand , the country is too vast . ''
the country is ash , the villages given over to wolves , the harvest burnt or stolen .
` ` woman , you do n't want to go riding at night through strange country on horses you do n't know .
` ` the blackfish expelled all the useless mouths from riverrun and picked this country clean .
levana would not be the one to disrupt those values now , no matter how much it irked her to know that silly , vapid channary would spend more time batting her lashes at handsome servants than discussing the economic difficulties facing their country .
she would solve this problem too - for her people , for her country , for her throne .
there was no harm in imagining some innocent mistake that would lead to the baby dying , and the country mourning , and levana being crowned the queen , now and forever .
no one would love this country like levana did .
she had done it and now , as the country mourned , she would be the one to lift them out of this tragedy .
it was a selfishness that levana could n't fathom - to think that any of her people would consider only themselves and abandon the country that needed them .
but fate would be on her side only if she could prove that she was the only ruler this country needed .
emperor rikan standing alone at the podium with his country 's flag like a sunrise behind him .
even as she was making her country stronger and more stable , there was one burgeoning problem that levana could n't ignore .
when i was really little , i 'd say this pledge like everyone else , and for a while i even thought it was pretty cool , declaring my undying love for our country or whatever .
everyone in the country knows about that : our precious little anden 's greatest ambition , to end the war that 's been going on for who knows how long .
who knew a day like that could come , just like how we 'd never expected to see the trial stadiums sitting unused across the country .
the country 's support for you is still soft , and day 's alliance with you is hesitant at best .
` ` if each of you paid attention to detail the way cadet bryant does , we 'd be the greatest patrol in the country .
when the colonies invade , they 'll burn this country to the ground .
the whole country gossips about you two , and when she asked you to come to denver , you could n't pack us up fast enough .
` ` why are you back in the country ? ''
but then the canadians figured out that we were n't supposed to be in their country , and we had to flee back south .
` ` with the colonies invading , i thought that if we tried helping out your war effort , then maybe we could get a pardon and permission to stay in the country , but i know your elector probably is n't our biggest- '' ` ` what is all this ? ''
in order to save our country , we 'll have to sell ourselves to another nation .
but you could ' ve tried escaping to a country other than the republic , yeah ?
` ` the united states of america - also known as the usa , the united states , the us , america , and the states - was a prominent country in north america composed of fifty states held together as a federal constitutional republic .
if he respects day 's decision , he risks not finding a cure in time and allowing the colonies to take over our capital - and our country .
but i ' m not some invincible super - soldier - i ' m a dying boy who 's about to be stuck , helpless , in the hospital while an enemy takes over our country .
there 's just no point in scaring the hell out of the whole country .
` ` but come now , both you and i know who really runs your country .
my mind spins frantically for ways they could escape instead , to find asylum in another country .
maybe the antarcticans can keep june and the others overseas and protected in case the colonies overrun the country .
` ` i never took them to be some goddy compassionate softies - but maybe you should find a way to flee the country .
flee the country , run away from this entire nightmare , and hole up in some faraway land ?
` ` no matter how warped this country is , it 's still their homeland .
when he was young and brought the country from a lawless mess to strict martial law , he was out in the streets and in front of his squadrons .
` ` are you really willing to sacrifice your life for a country that has n't done much of anything for you ? ''
` ` if i look the other way and decide to let the republic handle its own business , and then it falls , i guess i could just leave the country .
` ` but it is still your country .
* * * two weeks later , what feels like the entire city of los angeles turns out to see day leave the country for good .
he could n't have helped when they were trying to track me across half the country ; he 's only useful in very close range .
` ` i mean , since they practically kicked you out of their country ?
but here i can see the oceans that wrap their way around north america , the cut - up island territories labeled south america , a tiny archipelago called the british isles , gigantic landmasses called africa and antarctica , the country of china ( with a bunch of little red dots sprinkled right in the ocean around the edge of its land ) .
it reminds me of the way they 'd taped and broadcasted john 's death - my death - to the whole country .
that ca n't be possible - the republic would never let rebellions get that far out of control in one of the country 's biggest cities .
everybody in the country knows who you are .
will the republic become a country full of beautifully lit skyscrapers and clean , wealthy sectors ?
why would eden be the only one in the entire country ?
he declared the republic a separate country , seceded from the union , and placed the west under martial law .
anden told me how the country started from anarchy , and that the people were the ones who- '' ` ` so now you believe everything he says ?
in the republic , ads have organized displays with a consistent , distinct government style that remains the same no matter where in the country you are .
to the country .
my words blare out from every speaker in the square - probably every speaker in the country , for all i know .
we have risked our lives for our country - not the country we live in now , but the country we hope to have .
we have risked our lives for our country - not the country we live in now , but the country we hope to have .
whenever i close my eyes , i can still see him up there , his hair gleaming like a beacon of light against the night , his words ringing out clear and strong across the city and the country .
he gave power back to anden and anden won over the country , all in one blow .
we do n't want the country to be thrown back into a revolutionary state .
that 's why they hate me , why i ' m not the most dangerous criminal in the country , but the most wanted .
it was self - improvement , for the sake of my country .
if it were up to me , i 'd cross the whole country alone and escape into the colonies first chance i got .
it 's a war , he told me once , and we are the conquerors of the undiscovered country , an island of life centered in a boundless sea of blood .
he has n't seen this house , this country , in years .
he watches the painting as long as he can bear , long enough to try and turn it into just a painting , nothing more than that , but he can feel his heart thudding as he looks away from it , his eyes avoiding a dining - room table he also recognizes , and the bookcases full of books , some of whose titles he 's read in another country than this .
very advanced country .
he was smart , his teachers always said , some even saying ` ` freakishly , '' and he started picking it up against all odds , practicing it on the few english - speaking tourists who ventured that deep into the country .
in this stupid country .
numbered among the damage the leader of the clearing has done will be a blackened and scorched country .
for particulars enquire of captain henry , near the lead mines in the country of washington , who will ascend with , and command , the party .
it was the polar opposite of the life he imagined for himself , a life of wandering and exploration through country unknown , a life in which he never once retraced his steps .
he was alone with no weapons in hostile country .
20,000 were printed , and sent to post offices around the country . ''
the united states was this big country where everybody wore funny t - shirts and ate too much .
when it came time to sign with the united states , our country was represented by some white guy i 'd never seen before .
the sky looked really great when nearly the entire country was blacked out .
they are driving away the boov , first of all - the boov , who thought one state was enough for an entire country .
he depends solely on you for supplying toys and gifts to netherlands and adjacent countries .
our entire country is volcanically active one of the elves explained to jack sand fields , plateaus , glacial rivers and volcanic mountains !
the names and country names of the attending members were mentioned on the nameplates placed on the conference table .
like the whole of the country has somehow been transported to an equatorial area regularly suffering tropical storms .
extended family flew in from all over the country ; people she had n't seen in years and barely remembered .
she would have to move to a new state or even a new country to get away from the memory of that freak show .
eason von meer use to be a ruler of a small country .
vladire and eason joined forces to rid all werewolves and vampires out of their 2 small countries .
his father was a king of a small country and his mom was a young servant girl .
after 100 years of cleansing his country of vampires and werewolves , he joined forces with lord vladire .
he was aggressive , something vladire needed to help rid his country of the werewolf menace again .
leaving victor at the age of 16 to run the small country by himself .
so he fled the country and hid for many years , leaving the people without a ruler .
well the only person who can answer that lives in another country .
gabe , stephen and i all were sharing a room because we did nt trust people in this country .
she was nt in the country when you and i went missing .
but it is a relic , one of only twenty or so original wooden coasters still operating in the country .
even in our own wealthy country , it 's like that for a lot of people .
other family members were angling for her to move into their neighborhoods in other parts of el paso or other parts of the country .
` ` he said he lived in a free country and could speak the way he wanted , '' snarls lorena .
even in our own rich country , there are kids going to bed with growling stomachs . ''
when we first moved after my parents divorce , i had hated the country .
for all we know , they re out of the country by now .
i have pics of the victorian period inside the country of great british when queen victoria was crowned in 1837 until her death in 1901 .
the country of australia became the first victim of planet earths global warming .
great , great , great , great grandfather starbuck emigrated from a foreign country called england then purchased pasture and crop land from the united states of american government .
as more and more geographical continents along with the foreign countries perished under the atmospheres ozone deterioration , people fled from their homes to strange cities then to rural towns , seeking shelter , foraging for food , and leaving behind their household pets to suffer starvation and die , cruelly .
they flee like dog fleas from their homes , cities , towns , and countries carrying their children , food , and very few precious material valuables with them .
were friends , again for our entertaining and memorable , but hopefully short and brief out of state trip into the country .
no tele bothers to comment , because they are too serious and too eager to serve their country orsomething .
i sigh with country .
the country of egypt is an old civilization on planet earth that is located in a distance place in of time and space , which is called the milky way galaxy .
birmingham is the largest major city in the state of alabama which resides in a country called the united states of america .
during the colonial american , the landowners brought and shipped the blue blood steeds from the countries of england and ireland in the early 1600s .
heavenly angels do not possess any type of physical and valid motorcycle licenses , birth certificates , or social security cards while temporally visiting in the country known as the usa .
the suez canal is an artificial waterway in the country of egypt that connects the mediterranean sea with the red sea which earns the nickname highway to india .
the suez opened in november 1869 which allowed shipment transportation between the countries of europe and asia without the navigation headaches around the longitude country of africa josh neck snaps his skull to ash and annoys for fun .
the suez opened in november 1869 which allowed shipment transportation between the countries of europe and asia without the navigation headaches around the longitude country of africa josh neck snaps his skull to ash and annoys for fun .
ya ca nt travel with your dad to all them different countries .
what country are you from ?
ya seehere in americathis is the country of america .
you re in the country of the united states of america mella pulls back from his face and yells .
miss hale , what country are you fromagain ?
alaskas not a foreign country , drake .
its not a complimentdolland then mella is from the country of alaska .
alaska , the country ?
they re friends , first coming from the same high school in the same rural country of alabama as reminded by rashabs mama , yesterday .
were neutral like the country of switzerland and work with both set of angels and demons since we are the keepers of all the dead souls .
since then , she has retired from the vfx world and settled in the country where she writes fulltime .
and they talked a little about other echtransexpatriate martiansthey knew , who were scattered around the country .
my ears pricked at the mention of a country other than england .
the front page story is of the japanese terrorist group that let off the biological bomb in the cities of london , new york and paris in the space of two countries , not only killing hundreds on sight , but also beginning the spread of infection .
as people desperately attempted to escape the countries on ships and planes , in the hope of finding shelter in non - infected countries , they only helped the disease spread even quicker .
the military were smart and managed to keep the whole country on quarantine .
and anyway , i m presuming there is no cure , that s why they are napalming the country .
its hardly just us and you lot left in the country !
i also grab a novel about a television show featuring teenagers having to fight to the death on live television in front of the entire country and cram it into my bag .
every bloody walker in the country will hear that !
then think about what has been happening throughout the country for the past few months .
this just in , the commissioner has informed us that the country is being evacuated , you all have three days to get to whatever evacuation site is closest to you .
you will be escorted by army officials from the checkpoints to underground bunkers on islands off the coast of the country to take shelter by either plane or boat .
but then , the damage had been done ; the disease had made it overseas to countries that had nt been bombed .
he took her money , then jetted off to some foreign country with some girl he d had an affair with his wife with .
i d heard of people calling this gods country ; now i could see why .
they travel here from all over the country , katie answered .
turns out some weird things have been happening at schools all across the country during the last few years , kinda like what s happening now at bixby with all this crypto - punk business .
whatever you ve been doing here , you ve been doing across the country , too .
kinda hoped sleeping in a different country would sam shook his head .
sam jogged through capital city , admiring the difference from his home country .
and king sinclair made that law after world war three when the age of peace was issued that all three countries value had to be equal when it came to currency .
since blue lost the ability to sleep some time in her childhood , she was permitted to run to capital city and back while the rest of the country dreamt of their next party .
i told him to give killian a call since were out of the country .
not country .
americas a lucky country to get your humor for a few weeks .
well , before the world unified under king sinclair , there were many countries , far more than three .
grettel was enthralled ; shed never seen pictures from another country .
or your fathers country .
it was as if the country had been storing up all of its energy for one day a year to let it all explode with glitter , lights , drinking and twirling .
she was glad for the distraction that kept her from wondering if shed been abandoned by the men in the foreign country .
nathaniel wondered what a boy who did nt even speak the language of his new country could possibly know of the difference between right and wrong when his mother lay dying , starved half to death for refusing to work in the fields one more day .
the airport was mostly used to connect passengers to a larger hub where they hopped on giant airbuses which took them across the country and beyond .
i have been in other countries , but never have i seen so many trees as in ornshire .
email cyndi at goodgamebooks @ gmail.com you can reach cyndi on twitter at www.twitter.com/scgoodgame you can reach cyndi at her website / blog at http : //goodgamebooks.wordpress.com follow cyndi on facebook www.facebook.com/cyndigoodgameauthor summary : kali styx was sent to a boarding school across the country where she knows absolutely no one , but goes because she is determined to be with her own kind .
i d read every classic possible within a regular high school and would nt have dreamed i would come across the country to a supernatural school for freaks to study john miltons paradise lost .
mount everest is the mountain of gods known to most , but many inhabit the highest peaks of most countries .
it was a carved representation of lentari , displaying the mountains to the north and southeast as well as the major rivers bisecting the country from the east coast to the west .
unless the girlfriend in question lives on the other side of the country .
and i know that s a bitchy thing to say , because you re all the way on the other side of the country and i m here with your guy , but it is what it is .
scouts from all over the country were flying in to watch you play .
i had taken my wife atasha and my daughter tamara over to my family in the country of casa where i was born , in the little village of doric .
well , they are from the whole country , added liam .
try and concentrate as much as possible , as we will not allow this invasion on our grounds to deter us from being the most renowned and respected school in the country .
those people are from the same country that killed our mitchell !
were heading away from the portal toward another country called dornia .
i do know that every country in our world is under the rule of king taggert , who resides over the cardashian court .
according to legend , they took over every country in our world and have ruled with an iron fist ever since .
i do know that gloria moved away to another country when she was twelve , but she recently moved back to spend more time with her family here in dornia .
edward did nt strike her as a boy from a poor country with a swollen head and belly , eating from trash piles , yet she could nt help but offer some token of support .
would nt the government or the country want to know ?
your grandfather had been such an asset to this country during the second world war , we high hopes for argyle .
silly girl for stacking her lunch plate with enough food to feed a small country .
he s the only one in the country who can ever save us if we run out of fresh water .
almost every country has some sort of governing council with heads , sort of like senators , in each of the major cities .
the senior staff are all going to be out of the country .
they told us where to steal the crop dusters and they smuggled us into the country .
is there any indication of other areas in the country being attacked ?
it has been consistently named one of the safest cities in the country .
even sea travel is difficult , with the inquisition now taking an interest in what 's being smuggled into various countries .
when a massive solar flare destroys all electronics and throws the country into chaos , kara is nearly a whole state away from her lost love , blaine .
i guess after venturing into the mortal world and despite the hatred feel for them , they have taught me one thing , how a country should be ran .
paradan used to be a wonderful , glorious , and strong country .
we all want to change things , but unless a true heir steps forward and is willing to fight to rejoin our country , then all will be lost .
king calas , we have come because we are in need of assistance from you and your country .
after all , paradan was nt my country .
she handed kaelah a long stick reminiscent of the valley fang sticks , and kaelah had a brief flashback to her home country and felt a pang of sadness .
we head back down the drive , turn up jt , and drive toward dixon country club .
that s one reason why i love being from the country .
you were the one to say we were nt going to use the l word because you thought i was leaving and going across the country .
we get to have a say and a hand in making our country and even the world a better place .
at nineteen , he set out to discover the world , and spent the next twenty - odd years living in and moving between countries such as spain , australia , new zealand and england .
with his busy schedule and meetings all over the country , he rarely came home .
even though our country was progressing but i still did nt expect a dad insisting her daughter to dance with a random friend , a guy friend , on the request of his drunk son !
the train was delayed by fifteen minutes which meant we whined over the state of trains in the country before i hung up the phone asking ayesha to call me as soon as she was with tanya .
we did give the consider the thought of running away to a foreign country before we came to this decision but you too know the power of your dad .
no country was safe from this air born virus ; it only takes a measly few days to die once infected .
are you saying that you do n't want to serve your country , to pitch in for your community ? ''
` ` you know honey that your mother and i tried to keep you kids sheltered from the mess that 's been going on in our country over the past few years . ''
there used to be a middle class in our country but for the past decade , or longer even , there has only been two classes : the rich and the poor .
it tours several of the country 's finest institutions .
home to eight million people and also the economic center of the country .
in some parts of the country , f.a.t squad leaders , along with the local f.a.t committee , can adjust the government guidelines for acceptable weight limits within plus or minus five percent of the national guidelines .
what country do you think were in ?
why would someone born and raised locally end up in an international school in her own country ?
a commercial for a japanese television programme featuring live performances of the top five music singles in the country every weekor so i guessedcame on and we watched it wordlessly .
you re a celebrity , and people recognise you , so let me warn youtrespassing across country borders is illegal .
my iphone 5 would show me the country and area code .
she could nt forget his bright eyes , and his passion while talking about his country , and the places he had taken her to .
the humans and this country ca n't handle another war right now , at least not unless a whole lot of people are willing to get their hands out of their neighbors ' pockets .
must have been from another country : far from us .
my paternal grandparents came to this country from the venice region of italy and settled in lower manhattan .
hahn was out of the country with his family when the boy went missing .
he knew all to well how to steal and pillage , but not how to save an entire country of people from a king hell - bent on destroying all hope in humanity .
i was there when japan was brought to its knees and i had to grow up in our wretched society that spawned afterwards ; forced to grow up with those americans that i so despised , watching them twist our country to suit their tastes .
japan is only known to the world as a country leading in technology when it can be so much more !
after years of struggling , akira was finally emperor of japan with everyone living the dream he had envisioned ; a country efficient and relevant to the world ; crime - free and secretly one of the strongest nations in the world as the majority of his people were keys .
well the turks , miss pine , they ve run and known what this countrys like for more or less a millennium ; and even for a normal nebi musa procession , they d flood the streets with thousands of soldiers .
but we do nt do a thing about faisal infesting the country with his sherifian officers , even though we know they re stirring up trouble .
would he be considered evil for protecting himself , his loved ones , his home , his country ?
i note ambassador ty , noble of agri dresses as another country fabled outlaw while carrying a maser rifle guarding on joys left side .
she also teach you love of your country ?
ca nt say i m too sure mom would know where the country ended and started if you ever put a map down in front of her .
few months back , friends of mine died trying to help cubans take back their own country .
probably still sees his job as a service to his country .
you caint even leave the goddamn country , because as soon as you try it , they ll know where you are .
in this part of the country , the only thing that changes is the crop - corn , wheat , soy , and there 's an occasional herd of cattle that can be seen from the road .
i guess the best way i can explain it to you so you understand is that i m kind of like a missionary to a foreign country helping out the people there .
a year ago a bunch of us conscripted to the cause , ready to fight for our country , and certain we could make a difference against the rebels in liverpool and manchester .
at night , i dreamed of honour and riches , believing the army would send a wage to my family , and i would serve a greater purpose for my country .
if it had nt , i would nt be here , in this awesome place on the other side of the country .
there were whisperings throughout the city that a supernatural deity had been made unhappy by the war and was determined to purge our great country and that the people taken were being offered as sacrifices .
all i had known since childhood was dutyto the phantoms , to my father , to protect my country in both war and work , and now duty to provide for my mother and sister .
i shall send her deep into the country until either she is of age , or until i find a worthy partner for her .
it is the ship that we came to this country aboard .
what is this i hear of you removing to the country ?
even across the ocean , other countries suffered the cold .
alex said he had lived in many countries including england and france .
i mean , when the sign went up at reanimation reform school for volunteers to travel around the country and occupy living dead lip lock booths , i thought it was a joke .
the fight went out of her , quickly , all those recent headlines about zombie infestations at schools all over the country filling her head .
you must have cool parents to let you live across the country for so long .
more than normal twins , even from opposite sides of the country .
full desertness , in souls as countries , lithe silent - bare , under the blanching , vertical eye - glare , of the absolute heavens .
all we ever got from him was the journal he kept of his adventures across the country after he left us .
there are many things wrong over here right now , too , mon ami , but my country is still far worse than any of this .
no part of the country back that way was spared from this mess , though .
how could a country as great as ours come into such an unbelievable nightmare ?
one by one , she punched in the digits to a connection somewhere across the country .
what had been beautiful country to marvel at during daylight now sat in dark barren silence .
i wanted to get out and see the rest of the country .
were the best on this side of the country .
each layer was an oxion , a copy of earths surface geographically , and there were hundreds of layers , the further out you got , the bigger the version of country .
the judge and miss mulligan had thought it a good idea that i spend an evening with my mother and her lover before attempting a journey to a foreign country with them .
he probably could nt wait until i had to leave the country .
so no stealing in the foreign country , is that clear ?
in spite of all the misery i had yet to face in this country , france was a beautiful place .
to a foreign country ?
she told me she was all right , found work in a new country , and rented a small flat .
work has actually become quiet since my favorite criminal abandoned the country .
talking to quinn made me a little homesick , but there was a good reason keeping me in this country a few weeks longer .
upstate new york was so different from the parts i was used to , it was almost like being in another country ; a nearly obscured one .
i hoped that by the time i got back , tristan would have moved to another country .
he did nt want to move to the west coast , and he is furious at my mom for moving me across the country .
jack wanted to be a star , he wanted recognition , and the thought of touring and sharing the groups music across the country was an adrenaline rush .
it split the country into two types of people .
asked grace , clearly wanting to know why she had been dragged half way across the country overnight .
our country is one of the richest in the world .
it made the country feel safer but really it was just a power play to stop other nations from invading the uk and taking our remaining wealth .
the entire country , from what i can understand , knows who i am .
i am a little annoyed he would nt show more interest in learning about the past , about how this country went to war .
hilary made sure to save my mothers jewelry before we moved across the country .
zephyr smiles , his happiness dwindling slightly as he realizes i m about to be across the country .
i do , really , but if he wants to do something now , you know , before i jump a plane to head over two thousand miles across the country , i m not sure how i would feel about that .
my family is spread out across the country .
today we are learning about the formation of our country , the naa , a topic that i ve heard thousands of times .
ndoka was the first to open his mouth to even say good morning sir , what kind of workers i employed here in my home country .
they were looking very excited that morning , this is not the way they usually look when they come to ask for money , they are usually sober so that you will have mercy on them , saying do you want to fate of this country lie in the hands of thieves and people who will ruin it , ruin what our forefathers worked for endlessly with their lives ?
are nt you in this country at all ?
i was nt a novice in this country ; i knew many things could happen but the word any sounds so much like exaggeration .
the country 's oozing misery .
stuff happens in this country that people want to know about , but we never will .
dr . king has done this country so much good .
sant came to this country with his mother when he was seven .
she was the first woman to sell commercial real estate in atlantic city , nj - or the country for all she knew .
we ve been in touch with some of our contacts around the country since roland told us about your mother .
they were friends or something , and davids father gave her a lot of money to leave the country .
in my country , a female is beaten for interfering in the business of men .
drawing strength from his touch i replied , in my country , a man who does not keep his word has no honor .
but he left the country as soon as canute arrived , did nt even fight him .
you do nt want to put the country back on track .
it was crammed with all kinds of clothesclothes you 'd expect to see people wearing in different countries .
i told her that i am a scientist and my hobby is to travel the country debunking ghost stories .
he always seemed distant , remote , like his mind was in another country only he could see .
just that he s part of some crop circle forum and he s been driving all over the country visiting them as they , er , crop up .
it did nt matter which country you looked at , the holy books were out of date by millennia .
still , she had to wonder how long he had been stationed in that country for him to speak so heavily .
she wanted to stay in this state , not to mention the country .
this country has nt exactly been the best to me , and i m not from the u.s . anyway .
was leaving the country to get away from my ex my best option ?
i live in a country called kalearnia .
this is not some communist country where you can boss me around like that .
after all i could just as well be scoring touchdowns for any school in the country .
he smiled , i saw the world and fought darks in other countries , he bowed , always at your service , my queen .
the map was a funny looking coastline with all sorts of jagged bits that did nt make sense , as though someone had taken a knife to the country and cut long deep valleys of water into it , with other valleys jutting off to the sides .
if it was a country i knew by name then it was nt one i d ever bothered to look up on a map , but through my mans eyes i was forced to study it closely and carefully .
i knew the citys name , but the country was still lost on me .
it was so wrong for us even to be sat there , so wrong that such a good man had died defending his country from the murderous horde that were still trying to claim the skies over england .
i did nt know as much as i should have about all the places on the globe where this beastly war was being fought , but i knew that the sandy belt of countries flanking the north coast of africa were nt the safest place to be even in peace - time .
they terrorized people , killed them , and tried to take over the country now known as america .
when it did come time for mary to leave she put both hands on eileens shoulders and said with all sincerity , i just want to tell you this is the loveliest time i ve had with anyone since coming to your country .
like , for example , the fact that this country , the us , is completely controlled by a secret society ; a society that holds power over everyone and everything .
then your country will turn into the soviet union , just like mine did .
did the masons have power over your country too ?
i wondered if it was fair to call her that considering she was from a different country and had , evidently , seen a lot more hardship than i ever will .
like most kids in the country , there was only one game on their minds .
in no time at all , he had found news reports from several other locations around the country with similar stories : a few young kids , all apparently dying at the same time under mysterious circumstances , and all being found in front of video game consoles .
the little girl was quite an experienced traveler , for she had once been carried by a cyclone as far away from home as the marvelous land of oz , and she had met with a good many adventures in that strange country before she managed to get back to kansas again .
there are plenty of colleges on this side of the country for you to go to .
rhapsody just grinned , remembering how provincial some parts of the country still were .
apparently , her return to the physical realm had triggered a power outage that had knocked out the entire northwest corner of the country .
leaving the country is your only option .
and the sooner we can get you out of the country the better .
tiberius was assisted in his evasion of capture and in his fleeing of this country , dryden began , and then recognised the vacant expression in the grey eyes of the man opposite .
that was the name i used when i came into the country .
moms about as french as anyone could be , which is nt easy in a country like this , and dad she paused .
i do nt know about everyone else , but maybe not everyone who asks that question is being he glanced quickly to either side chased by people who murdered their parents , followed them to another country and are trying to take them back to be experimented on .
it feels great to be in a warm country again .
the bone of riches is the most valuable thing in the city , probably in the whole country .
i m about to start my senior year , and she expects me to pack up and move across the country , but do i get a say in it ?
she was going to go to a third - world country somewhere she was really needed .
it was the same in other countries , on other continents .
if you fit the pieces together you could begin to see the shape of how things had been before quake year , before the country was torn into fragments .
were well armed and we ve got a route marked where we can cross into the country without getting searched by border agents , said rogers father .
what are half the kids in this country going to be doing for the next six years ?
the tragedy resulted in three deaths and sunny was issued a life - long ban upon leaving the country .
in another part of the country the votes for the presidential race were almost done being tallied and president holcombe and his opponent senator pierce awaited the outcome nervously .
in one hand he was holding a book , the country of the blind and other stories by hg wells .
biggest pharmaceutical in the country , probably the world .
something was fluttering about up there but i did nt recognise it as any country i knew .
` ` we started saving people , towns , cities , states , the country , entire continents and , on a number of occasions , the world .
i found a city on the other side of the country , took a job as a low - paid mechanic , found a small apartment in a crummy downtown area and just lived every day , wishing i knew what happened , but at the same time , trying to forget everything .
` ` this is gamma accident country .
those who loved him throughout the kingdom and neighboring countries were driven into deep mourning .
the truth is , arria is just among the many countries on a large landmass called salarria , or big land , but it is the largest and most important and our story is mostly concerned with this .
the rest marched to the other countries far from arria in the east that resented the strength of this land .
the lady smiled at the sign welcoming her to coe baba , a small town perched several miles from the sea and mainly separated from the rest of the country known as arria by the forest .
it is said that because of him , the knights disappeared , the great creatures of myth died out , and that the countries to the east hated arria .
they will give the desert to the country that will allow them to stay on .
pacaben nodded and casually told her , yes , maybe 10 pounds or morejust regular wear for jousts here , although i hear that urgo knights wear heavier armor than those in this country , in both the jousts and war .
for the sake of arria , if anything were to happen to you in battle , the country would be in a chaos !
yet , later on in his life , pacaben would think upon his feeling then as he fought for king and country , with loyalty and a strong sense of duty , because of his friendship with the king .
however , despite the long journey that had not ended yet , his eyes wandered toward the far side of the map that marked the borders with pinal , pakka , and urgo as he wondered about what he would find if he traveled to those countries .
it stretched on to include the countries of kiwata , angora , and mirandor , as well as some of the islands on the far eastern side of salarria .
basha glanced at the islands , unfamiliar with many of their names and saw that to the east , there were a group of islands forming the country of aki .
then , south of that , there was one big island known as the country of powa and farther to the south , there was one last island known only as the dark isle , a name that made basha shiver for some reason .
neither in this bush nor in this country , said the girl wisely .
perhaps another country , fenric considered , perhaps our own .
it had been a good number of years since the turnagain had seen unfamiliar shores , and jas felt an odd nostalgia as he took in the different means of construction , the varied styles of clothing , the altogether alien landscape of the verdantly green country of chaveneigh .
were greatly enjoying ourselves in your beautiful country .
the bays and rivers of scadia are the final access of the sea to the many countries beyondlands such as pogra , donma , saburo , wapar , and nomkea .
travel to these areas , a journey through the mists , is too difficult for most , and so their traded goods all come through the scadias , making the small lynchpin country a rich place of trade and culture .
ill choose to assume that , after years of service to my country , i ve now found peace .
we had to move because papa lost his job when the country went into the great recession and was unable to find anything besides part time and temporary work .
that s on the other side of the country , she says almost in tears .
he s moving right across the country after that , having been accepted into film school in la .
not because the world was going to end next week but because everyone had started rioting across the country instead of going to work .
this book has mythological names and their meanings listed in alphabetical order , plus country of origin .
road trip vacations all over the country to see all of natures wonders .
` ` she is being held under arrest for the time being , but will probably be deported to germany , her home country . ''
the rest of my time is taken up with party work , travelling up and down the country , talking to women 's groups . ''
i ' m just trying to stay alive in a country that wants to see me dead ~ and none of it is my fault .
` ` soon there will be no room for the men to get on with the real business of the country ! ''
after sixty - six years away , she was back in the country of her childhood , russia .
apparently , all the letters relating to our request to visit russia had been pushed under a pile of more important items by a clerk in the general secretary 's office , and only came to light when mr gorbachev succeeded chernenko as the supreme leader of that huge country .
with a smile , she suddenly turned to me and said : ` ` i met him again in london , you know ~ frederick , my swedish prince ... '' ~ not the end ~ ~ not the beginning ~ natalie tereshchenko ~ lady in waiting ~~~~ russia , a country shrouded in secrecy , staggering under an oppressive , warmongering ruler ~ while the citizens die of cold and starvation , the royal family lives in opulence .
a whole forgotten part of the country .
at this time of the year , in many places in the country , the air is cool and crisp , and the leaves on the trees are turning red , orange , and yellow .
everywhere people were arguing about who should get what water there was , and what to do about getting more water for the country .
but most rivers flow through countries , so those dams meant some other country was being cut off from their source of fresh water .
in fact , we are the greatest country in the world !
they organized marches in cities all around the country , popped up on every television and radio news show .
he told them that the government had rounded up all of the aliens in the country and put them into detention facilities .
i do nt think there s any country in the world that he has nt been , and that includes north korea .
but this is his home , this country .
i could have asked him to let isaac go , we could just leave the country , go somewhere we could be safe , but it would be like asking him to set his hair on fire .
one hundred men were sent into the countrysideinto neighboring countries if they could ride that fast .
there used to be forests of them , thousands of acres of those trees in every inch of the country .
eric and his mum always tried to enjoy the delights of the local cuisines of a country they visited , but had been known to also partake in a good old fashioned cooked breakfast , once in a while .
those that self - righteously swore to protect the rest of us , by giving your lives to gods and country -- your right , we gave our all for every citizen .
the tracker who was standing nearby spoke up , ` ` okay , we have the kid , now can we get out of this country ? ''
the tracker spoke up before jas could say anything , ` ` are you seriously planning on going after someone like mathen cutter in his own country ?
more opportunity than she would have ever have found in her profoundly limiting , class - conscious home country that came off like a picture - postcard to most americans .
but she had broken free from the class - conscious confinement of her home country .
the human explorers that went back to their own countries gave the news to their colleagues .
some believed that she committed suicide because of her loss of money and depression , others believed that she left the country , and many other ideas were coming out .
besides , they are seeds that are rising in the country and all that . ''
before luisa arrived to the us , she lived in her home country , mexico .
luisa belonged to a criminal organization that was well known throughout mexico as the most dangerous in the country .
over the years , along with the organization , she kept killing and spilling a river of blood , making her one of the most wanted criminals in the country .
there was only one option left , luisa had to leave the country with the girl .
luisa started to act quickly , she went to get fake passports for the both of them , grabbed some money that she had , and left the country for good .
over time , she won many competitions in many cities and countries .
i do get to leave the country every once in a while , though .
customer service certainly did matter to the people in this part of the country .
just kind of traveling around the country .
i do nt think my last school had a very good reputation they do say that it was one of the worst in the country which in some ways is quite an achievement .
you are in on the ground floor in that country .
did she get traveling out of the country ? ''
i thought of a new country the second i thought of the last .
there are other groups much like our own who hunt vampires all over the country .
why not stay in markland if the country is so rich ?
born in england , his family had moved to botswana in the late 1970s when the economy of the country was making a turnaround due to the discovery of diamonds .
soon enough , however , kagos parents found the going tough and decided to send him off to a boarding school in the north - eastern part of the country in the bobirwa sub - district .
this revolution , as i wanted it , would not only bring me and the other guys a bit of legend - status but it could also put jms in the dance map all across the country !
you have to leave the country in two weeks ?
he is in another country and he gets a letter from america from you , and all it says is hi ?
i m actually leaving the country after i graduate , i said .
i was so nervous to move to another country for a year .
i was in a large city in another country .
i missed california more than i expected , and in fact , i missed living in my own country .
i had chosen to leave my boyfriend , my family , and my country to be in vancouver , but i did nt know exactly why .
so you ve been moving around the country for ten years with these freaks following you ?
there are specially trained policemen all over the country , all over the world .
not living in a very hilly part of the country both jen and her mother 's legs soon began to ache .
it was n't the depth of the sea that tien needed to know better , perhaps by plunging into itthere were times she thought , if that is what you 'd call it , that she could almost swim the distance to the philippines from vietnam to get out of her defeated country .
nights in the country of the viet , on a boat about to reach its destination for too - many days , after the believed - in or wished - for sight of land would offer some real promise of a new life and some warm clothingthen nc chm sauce ( dipping sauce ) like tomato sauce on spaghetti ( for italians ) would not be wasted on a plate of flying fish that flipped on board that night .
( listen , people of the country , vietnam can become free if we all together fight without fear of death . )
i ' m lost , he thought , in another country , another landmaybe even another planet .
the old country called , as to cuban refugees who dreamed of returning to cuba one day .
it became red , indeed , it became red while mills 's squad of marines were on their way to las vegas , and they were a crack teamnothin but a crack team would be hauled all the way across the country for them to do the job they had to do .
shed a tear , for the thought of this incredible country could overwhelm you as it advances minute by minute toward some strange fate .
my sister and her husband have kids , and they live on the other side of the country .
he asked , then before i could get in a word edgewise , he rambled on about his granddaughter and how she lives on the other side of the country and how much he misses her .
i never would ve understood the effect the russian revolution had on the country .
gorin replied , this kingdom needs a king that is willing to fortify his country by expanding its borders , strengthening its army in case of attack , and should let courtiers live as they please !
i will come back for you and for the crown , mother ; you are more than capable of running this country until my return .
` ` no , it is n't actually , carmel is actually the name of several different cities and towns all across the country and the world , including places like new york , california , west australia and el carmel in spain , where as caramel , is a confectionery product made by heating any of a variety of sugars .
i was nt planning on leaving the country but , other than my school card , it was the only form of i d i had .
onyebuchi soon makes friends with two girls who have just arrived from outside the country , funke from the uk and nnenna from the usa .
the cookie college of technological studies is , even though the name sounds like something you eat instead of study at , the highest quality , highly advanced technology educational facility this far north of the country .
there were similar crematoriums located throughout the country of equal .
millions of adults going to death in crematorium buildings throughout the country .
it was the same layout as every other building in the country of equal .
how many are those every day in this country ?
along with the rest of the country and world , they were witness to an explosion of media coverage of the diamond theft which had at first enjoyed so much attention , only to have dwindled into obscurity in favor of more entertaining news items .
the eiffel tower in the country of france is 1,000 - feet tall for comparison purposes of math length .
the windows are called coach style , like a royal princess in the old foreign country of great britain of twenty - century .
ill see before you depart for the country .
texas is full of cowboys , farmers and indomitable southern people who take pride in their land and their country .
janelle said that she had relatives who lived across the country , but that her mother had run away as a teen and cut ties with them .
all the kings wanted to rule the whole country , of course , including uther .
the first thing he saw was the blue , cloudless sky that could only mean that either they were in carlion ( since the skies were never that blue anywhere else in england ) or that they were in some other country altogether which , given recent events , was not out of the question .
his mother never went back to her home country , either , although his father traveled frequently to see his family and meet with colleagues .
we , the three of us , talked about the differences of our new country and of what we missed at home .
winnie agreed to go with him , having never been out of the country .
short for korean pop , k - pop was not only popular in south korea , but in many other countries .
breakfast aside , i worried about him because he would be all alone in a country he had never visited , eating many new things , and going to unfamiliar places .
after the commercial aired several times , though , mac impersonators were seen all over the country .
they verged on poor , but in their part of the country , they managed to make a comfortable living .
they continued to keep the historical instruments and dances in their concerts as they toured south korea , receiving acclaim as more and more of the country got to see their performances .
your uncle makes more money than most men in this country .
she did admit , it was nt so bad to blend in with everyone else once in a while , especially in a foreign country .
she even got a call , in the middle of the night , from the wife of the prime minister of god knows what country .
they were curious , now that it was daylight , to see macs country .
i would nt have had to leave school just before my sophomore year to travel alone around the country looking for my cousin , because we all assumed he was the alpha .
do nt you want the most powerful werewolf in the country between those legs ?
see some of the country before the summers over and our senior year begins .
see some of the country .
seeing the country .
his father had been the county champion at the javelin and had been on course to throw for his country when a shoulder injury had ruled him out of the nationals .
back then , i d been shy and insecure ; starting at a new school in a different country will do that .
so although i d never been there , i knew that seychelles was a country made up of tropical islands near madagascar in the middle of the indian ocean , known for its remote beauty .
i would rather their money go to something truly good , like building wells in third world countries or aids supports in africa , but they want no part of it .
its just i ve been out of the country for a couple of days and there s not much food in the fridge .
i m amazed by the people in this country , zeus continued .
but there are far worse countries than ours , said angelina indignantly .
all around the country , presents were being torn open and angelina decided that it would be a shame to be left out and turned her attention to the bulging stocking at the end of her bed .
further , it makes us aware about the responsibilities towards our people and for our country .
soon its reactions spread in different parts of the country like a wild fire .
have nt you ever wondered why he s been dragging you all over the country ?
i do nt know but we have lived in this country for a long time .
he and lupe were already across the country .
then i had decided to live : rent , tuition , food , journeys halfway across the country to ask questions about being a luna .
the second boy said he wanted to serve his country , so he was joining the army .
somewhere up there in those countries .
they were thinking about following orders , about serving their country .
we escape nisha , leave our life behind , fly across the country , and no shows up to meet us .
it was weird the way it went down over land on this side of the country .
you will not set foot in that country , or outside of this town .
if it was nt the bill that made her go ballistic , it would surely be my spur of the moment trip across an ocean to a third world country after i was specifically forbidden not to by more than one authority .
i felt defensive until i realized he did nt even know we were in the same country .
no , we need to get you out of the country immediately .
and he says i have to get out of the country immediately .
the streets were lit in the soft glow of streetlamps and from the bright windows of buildings built before america was even a recognized country .
knowing nix was out of the country might have helped too .
even though nix was out of the country and my mom was off on a date , i hated the idea of ryder stepping foot in my building again .
not that we were the mob , although there were definite connections , but in this area of the country , my family , exies and sloanes were the top of the pyramid .
we 'll be out of the country before they have any idea where we are .
would they keep her as a hostage until they fled the country ?
the only home i d ever known , or at least remembered , was thousands of miles away in another country .
it seemed surreal that we were in another country , even if the country was connected to our own .
it seemed surreal that we were in another country , even if the country was connected to our own .
it would nt hurt to have a friend before i started at a new school in a new country .
i missed kim , and i was getting apprehensive about starting at a new school , in a new country .
it was funny how you could be in a totally different country and be reminded so much of home .
he lived in another country or he was just here on businessi did nt know that he literally , physically , could not stay with me because of what he was .
i was nt really sure what i was dealing with but there was a traveling carnival going around the country and each time they went into a town one or two people went missing .
i was somewhere in the middle of illinois just heading across the country .
we had driven across the country just to end up in another crap bag motel , but we had to .
the image of a successful woman ( the youngest hacker hunter in the whole country ! )
we graduate college and travel from country to country see what s out there experience salt oceans , dry deserts , heated bodies .
garth wants to travel to paris , first then another country and then another country thanks for all the updates , cinta .
garth wants to travel to paris , first then another country and then another country thanks for all the updates , cinta .
i am a vampire in the country of romania .
this is a catalog from the country of great britain .
your house is like a country away ? ''
` ` when i mean train , i mean that we need to be buffer than dwayne johnson , skilled in punching like manny pacquiao , faster than speedy gonzales and be braver than the soldiers of any country . ''
make sure to send photographic copies over the internet in case we can not get it out of the country and it gets confiscated .
somewhere out in the wide world , outside his window , the hands pointed toward the horizon on the other side of the country and possibly , to another artifact .
if it proves to be the real thing , then we will focus on moving it out of the country , otherwise leave it there .
floating country ?
miltons pride in his country started to show .
the food was divided by country of origin .
sadly , many people in our country face this reality , and its getting worst .
* * * a special thank you to the many teams i have been involved with in ministry work in various african countries .
he and his close friend dr . william mcarthur , known fondly as mac , worked for world care international ( wci ) an organisation devoted to assisting in , for the most part , third - world impoverished countries , treating disease and helping to develop local self - sustaining community structures .
harry tapped away at his keyword with great excitement , quickly composing an email for mac , mentioning the email from hq , and that he was going to uganda to meet with various officials in both the capital city kampala and the site of their proposed base , just north of pakwacha small town in the northwest of the country .
entebbe international airport is situated on the shores of lake victoria , one of africas greatest lakesshared by three countries kenya , tanzania and uganda .
mzee , you re in my country .
the problem is that its largely exported overseas to the expensive western markets , when so many in our country are poor and starving .
you ve never eaten perch in your own country ?
there s a proverb from this country , donald looked at his friends .
yes , they then terrorised northern uganda during the 1990s , but have since been driven north by the ugandan army where they continue to terrorise other countries .
she thought about the millions of teenage girls across the country that would love to have paul james even look at them , and here she was , pushing him away .
she did nt know it , but millions of teenagers across the country had been following her story in the rag mags .
the perfume was flying off the shelves as selenas name became known in every household in the country .
as he watched her on tv , he found himself falling in love with her all over again , as he knew most young guys across the country must be doing right now .
young people from all over the country were sending cards and letters by the thousands , wishing her well .
a year ago her father took a job on the other side of the country , so she moved away .
the voice sounded feminine , so maybe she did nt have to worry about becoming a sex slave , shipped off to some foreign country .
this was my first time being out of the country , at 16 ( even though my passport said 18 ) , and i was doing it alone .
i imagined somewhere in the country , but this was a foreign land to me .
she left the country from ohare and will be landing in london any moment now .
the border between the two countries was fluid , and both churches worshipped ragn .
but a border separating wheat from more wheat was both useless and indistinguishable , and it was never until she reached oortains copse that erris felt she had entered another country .
the tree - choked heyle reminded him of wessen , both countries completely overwhelmed by forest .
but the south , rognia , the largest of the countries in this strange land , they were moving away from anything he found recognizable from his old home .
while they walked , danr talked about life in alta ; about magic , about the different countries , about how different dohm was , and his ideas on why that must be .
get out of this country .
yes , you are a child , but you have to be strong when you are in this country .
he fled to moscow , russia , and then a few other european countries , but was not granted asylum .
kenyan officials have informed him that he has to leave the country by 7 pm tomorrow , because after that point they will not protect him .
get out of this country , my mother had said .
this country is going to the dogs !
she recalled it had started when the federal government in a particular african country provided a large financial grant and land , to a developer to build a communal housing project .
why , i imagine the present canadian government very much laments the country was not involved in the vietnam war less of these baby boomers would be left for them to pay pensions to .
hank laughed , thinking to himself that people in that heathen country would cut the body parts off anything to enhance their sex lives !
mantis reasoned , ` ` i can continue to track the target ; however , if it leaves the country , then i will require an extension on the time parameter . ''
she recalled her family never took ski holiday trips to canada , even though this country had the snow for it .
he was literally selling the whole country to gangsters .
not the pastoral , fetishized country .
the country he s from is full of trailer parks , drugs , poverty and high school drop outs .
well , first , when we were going through the adoption process , your mom and i put notices in the legal journal , and in the largest papers in the country .
dunjini country .
he welcomes the binjin spiritsthats you twoto dunjini country .
their country is to the north , across the lake , but sometimes they come here to hunt .
the only way back to their country is across the river .
there s another report about fighting in a country called somalia .
the country was falling into anarchy .
the database gives us access to all the universities in the country .
these stories always describe the country correctly .
the rest of the electrical storms had dissipated except for much of the middle east countries and north africa .
they already had several large facilities in three different states and enough money to advertise everywhere in the country .
by the sad look on tias face , she does nt want to go back to her home country .
dad will find it funny that i m suddenly gallivanting through the country with my boyfriend .
after the oil shock came to my country and the peasants rose in revolution , the military used that as an excuse to round up all the smartest people in the country and take them to a large , remote , hidden base that was constructed to be impregnable .
after the oil shock came to my country and the peasants rose in revolution , the military used that as an excuse to round up all the smartest people in the country and take them to a large , remote , hidden base that was constructed to be impregnable .
fine , ill tell you the truth - i run this part of the country .
the man was dressed in a military uniform , but ben did nt recognise the rank or country .
they had travelled from the city of maleton in draxis , a country described as the northern most of the southern baronies .
` ` and how , pray tell , shall we rid our country of this werewolf ? ''
a neighbor told me they had gone to the new country of america .
extended family flew in from all over the country ; people she had nt seen in years and barely remembered .
where i live , a teenager skipping the country to live with strangers is nt exactly , accepted , i used quotes .
its beautiful country and their house is i stopped .
we have our fair share of carnivores , vegetarians , and just as many of the criminally insane , probably enough to fill this entire country .
there , it was reported that forevers had been turning up dead all over the country .
moving to the country was a fear that i could face and conquer .
we drove around the country because it was her goal to get a series from every single state .
a war that had imprisoned his parents meant he was from another country .
when she was high queen of fallada , she would banish the ugly creatures to some far - flung corner of the country where she would never have to look upon them again .
and searching for information on biological parents roughly five- thousand miles away in a foreign country is nt exactly easy .
after i told him that i 'd been born in russia , he read chekhov and tolstoy to me at night and told me stories of all the eastern european countries he d been to while serving in the military .
each named after common trees from the four countries or continents from which we all originated : india , brasil , russia , and africa .
with the exception of those of us in the resistance , the people of america see him as some kind of great savior , the charismatic junior senator who came out of nowhere and put the country on his back , carried it across the desert when it was weak and near - dead .
it will serve as a reminder to them , that they have no choice but to turn themselves over for the good of their country and for the safety of other citizens .
an invasion of a hostile country .
there were jewels worthy of a queen , bearer securities , wads and wads of money and even an extract of an exceptionally healthy account from a bank in a distant country .
that probably was illegal in half the states of the country well , at least in public ... liz i was looking for you .
during the funeral , they asked toni if she would like to return to her country or go elsewhere , but the woman was strong and stubborn and refused to leave them .
it was all beth could do in order to keep them safe , plus with them out of the country the school could nt reach them to inform that their kids had decided to take an unauthorized vacation .
if this were a chick flick , the scene would cut to him driving around the country club in a golf cart with some big - boobed woman in a tube top hanging on him , both of them laughing at me .
this is one of the biggest witch capitals in the country , '' kacey replied .
the two of the top college football teams in the country .
i d tried to explain that the war had made these countries too treacherous for travel .
from the eastern side of the country that is ?
outbreaks have been recorded across all regions of the country .
the idea that a deadly virus was sweeping across the country was nt something that aran was prepared to think about , let alone deal with .
the very idea of being alone on this island , with the country in utter chaos and in the complete darkness , scared him to death .
but if the disease had really struck the entire country , boston would be a disaster zone .
it keeps me occupied until we leave for the country again .
well i was nt going to stay in the country forever , was i ?
its better to make mistakes now and get things right later than make them later when the consequence could be the whole country instead of one person .
it could range from apprenticing to traveling across the country .
we have spies in most of the other guilds across the country , but i fear even that might not be enough to stop things like this from happening .
our country is divided into four sections , called regions .
the only friend he had since he was in first grade moved to another country with his parents when santi was in fourth grade .
such a beautiful country .
their country , their world , and if basil were to be believed , even their star system hung in the balance .
the scroll was a map of the country beyond the mougos , in the direction her feet had already found , a country by the sea .
the scroll was a map of the country beyond the mougos , in the direction her feet had already found , a country by the sea .
the other was of a city in that country , on the sea , named ithyl .
the ship , windward , left before sundown on that same day for the city of mythro in the south country of westra .
what advantage is it to turgor that the leaders from every country of his enemies will be together , and now ?
most of my family lives in other towns , states , even countries .
most kids in the country did nt get to even come to clubs till they were eighteen or some places even twenty - one .
i am not saying we should nt help others , i m saying we should be worrying about the ones in our country first , because you do nt see people in china watching commercials asking them to donate to feed , clothe , and home the kids here in the states .
they were this rich couple who wanted to look like they adopted a kid from an african country without actually having to go through the process of adopting a kid from an african country .
they were this rich couple who wanted to look like they adopted a kid from an african country without actually having to go through the process of adopting a kid from an african country .
i ca nt believe that someone would come all the way from another country just for me .
every student has a right , just like citizens who live in our country .
the first country was china thus the name china teacups , giggles .
there ll bears inside the forestland on the other side of the country , views him with the spy glasses .
the reader - tray writes in black words.sir isaac newton was birthed and died the city of london in the country of london england in the year 1727 .
jillian was amazed at the transformation from city to country .
bet he s torn between love for his family and duty to his country , caroline offered .
i think i was a novelty to be honest , the english girl , new to the country who had not long lost her mum , none of them would ever know i felt the loss of my brother more , except kate of course , the only one who i confided in .
only now he was realising that he had been hard on julianne since their loss , scared of losing her too he had dragged her halfway across the world to live in her mothers country .
the houses i have seen in this country all seem much simpler and more , well , beachy .
the sweet smell of cherry death filled the air as she turned back towards him , teetering in the doorway , kroil , i do not have to tell you how angry i am.this infernal country eluded me once before , do you remember ?
then i put in for a foreign exchange , came to wellington last year , you re so laid back in this country .
this the land of the gods that commanded her country , the great volcanos were alive , threatening the fringes of life yet everyone came here to marvel in their beauty .
we are different , we have powers , most advanced compared to the natives we share this beautiful country with .
we were shipped out to another country early in our lives and given the education we 'd need to perform as executive assistants / executioners .
their people are dirt poor and afraid to raise their head in front of one of the country 's many supreme beings .
tg had n't found any reference to human exports from alberta coming into north korea , but his korean language skills were very rudimentary and he had only been diving around inside one of the country 's computers so far .
she saw a giant wall separating the southern and northern ends of country with lots of military forces guarding each side .
` ` you wan na stay clear of that part of the country , friend .
they may convey the north korean delegate back to his country , perhaps with a prisoner . ''
there s even been talk that he has flied the country .
i never thought about leaving my country , not even for a short vacation , but this past year has changed everything and now i just ca n't bare the sight of my house anymore .
it was the largest and highest steel expansion - bridge in the country , and not to mention , equally as impressive as the view .
katie was an only child , but she had several aunts and uncles , as well as a slew of cousins scattered around the country .
it was like going to a foreign country and acting as though you knew all about the culture , only to learn you knew nothing .
when the war began , the man who owned me gave me to the american militia , gave me to men who thought of me as nothing so that i would fight for a country that was not my own , for a cause that was not mine .
chapter two one evening , some cargo arrived at the metropolis railway station- cargo that would have been better left out of not only the city , but the country as well .
opposing law makers and their respected supporters in their particular cities threatened civil unrest across entire the country if their federal government ever attempted to rule their lives in any way , shape or form .
unfortunately , because of the previous winter season , the city became the murder capital of the entire country .
she left one country to come to a new one .
he and the others knew they only had a short time left in the season before the vampires scattered into their hiding place or left the country for the rest of the year .
regardless , winter still held a firm grip on the country .
all salt water based islands became part of the ocean including hawaii , philippines , caribbean , panama , outskirts of coastal lands along the countries of south america , north america , africa , china , india , africa and new zealand .
australia becomes a pile of fire and flame within days along with the country of new zealand .
we are more than the numerous states like your former country of the united states of america .
because of his admiration for her and her father , jamie realized that even though he was british , he believed in their dream to live in a free country , independent from britain .
he did itbecause he loves you , and he loves this country .
two years later , because dr . church was declared to be in poor health , he was given permission by congress to leave the country and go to the west indies .
in a country where tattoos meant class and everyone spent the days with arms uncovered in the heat , this lotion was her only ticket to freedom .
he is betraying his king and country , is he not ?
kotak turned away from the moon and walked over to the leader of the privates and told him , send out messengers across the country to report that the king and queen are momentarily incapacitated and that i am in charge during their seclusion .
it must have been an amazing country when it was free .
gemma we could just move to another country where everyone is free .
we would still need fake ids to get out of the country , and what would we do once we arrived somewhere else , unfamiliar with the language ?
it was the very city that brought general volkov and his unifers to our country sixty - six years ago .
it seems like forever , but finally , after a forty - five minute ride , the female announcer says , approaching the country of normark .
i wonder how dark it will get , remembering that in the northern countries , it supposedly stays light through the entire night .
according to my father , the sun never sets during the summer in the northernmost countries .
she had recently been accepted to johns hopkins university which was one of the best medical schools in the country .
he only advises that a prince be tough when he is trying to protect his country .
i m glad you are nt going to college on the other side of the country .
after a year , she had gone to another country for her internship exams .
gingers father liked to talk about how they went to great places , like london , and japan , and other great countries they explored .
revenge will give revenge , until it spreads into a much more populated country .
i decided that having him witness me bursting through a metal door wearing the mask of one of the most notorious figures in the country would nt be a good idea .
the righteous is the real threat and if we ca nt stop him , this country and everything that you know and love is finished .
if i stay here , if i do nt help , they re saying we could lose the country .
she decided that she wo nt be phoning home again until they are on the other side of the country .
she knew that her mom would take care of her sweet juniper until they arrange to fly her across the country to join them in their new home out west .
maybe it was nt such a good idea to agree to going across the country on the back of his bike .
not only is he about to leave his country that he loves so much , but he is also leaving the city that his father was born .
after about thirty seconds of questions about why they are visiting her country she says good luck and lets them enter .
now that jeff can relax about being allowed into this country he can concentrate on his notebook that has all the directions listed and possible points of interest .
and not only that , she was now in a completely different country than her poor lonely juniper .
she promises herself that she will never cross the country in this manner again .
she would have preferred to go above that ocean of a lake superior so they could stay in their own country , but it would add a bunch of time to the trip .
no offense there pete , but being in a strange country with a couple of strange people , i think one of us should stay sober .
their country is bigger than ours actually pete .
and it is real awesome to see the country .
chapter eleven oh my god i ca nt believe how beautiful this country is .
i am liking this traveling , so the idea of going to another country is cool .
if you went to quebec it would be different , because of all the french , but the rest of the country does nt feel much different than here .
ya for sure monica we will visit that country of yours .
none of the four have done much traveling in their young lives and continue to all marvel at what a beautiful country it is .
do you think i would take my machine across the country without a tool box and a few parts .
anyway i am a pretty obsessive guy , and i am prepared to jump in and get totally obsessed with this idea of an organization that tries to unite everyone we can in every country in the world .
we have to figure out a way to reach out to the people in china and north korea , and all the other countries that have pathetic human rights records .
i think that still qualifies as a winter sport , especially for you canadians , your country is pretty obsessed with that .
leo lets out an audible sigh , fine i guess , it will be a blessing to have that bum of a boyfriend across the country .
but there s this reporter chasing the hulk all across the country jack mcgee ?
i ve heard rumors that there s a group of your kind hidden in the northern european countries .
the reporter stared at him as if he d just asked what country he was in .
they isolated the entire country .
we were trying to get her to safety , trying to get her out of the country .
we had no way out of the country anyway .
people need to know how they served their country and their fellow man .
maria needs out of here , out of this city , out of this country .
they re too powerful , and they re opening more churches across the country .
most high schools across the country have the same system of placing their cameras , and its only a small measure .
are you seriously trying to say we ve somehow ended up in some other country just because we ve driven across a desert ?
andre is one of the few students at the university who comes from a foreign country .
some people speculate that andre is from ivory coast although there have been less reliable rumours that claim he has several fake citizenships from a number of western african countries , as well as kenya .
had i been born in a more privileged country , and among more empathetic people , they could have put me under counselling and made me take some expensive pills to cure my condition .
andre has travelled back to his home country for a fortnight and i take this chance to invite caro and sera over to his apartment .
this is the kind of accent kenyans assimilate when they take a ride to the airport to pick up a long - distance relative , or whenever they travel out of the country for a year to pursue their master 's degree in another african county .
he relocated back in the country just a few years back after life became too unbearable for him abroad .
many places in pemota liked to brag about the fact that pemota was one of the major avocado producing regions in the country .
but the chemical is going to have affected everyone in the country within one week .
brianna said urgently , she wants it to be like a police state where the police monitor every school in the country and make sure students are taking their meds and conforming to the archetypes .
and she set up a test to decide the fate of the ninth grade in the entire country .
so if she shuts off the grid , all the ninth graders in the country are in trouble , christy said .
my land that i once knew is long gone , and now is one of the most populous countries in africa and the middle east .
i do nt know what we were expecting : coming to a different country and assuming to raise our daughter the way we were raised back in the old country .
i do nt know what we were expecting : coming to a different country and assuming to raise our daughter the way we were raised back in the old country .
his father was a professor and did volunteer work in schools in other countries to help others learn the english language .
its a program in which students travel to different places around the states and other countries to study and learn more about astronomy .
where was he from again , that country trying to build nuclear bombs ?
and , according to what he said when he introduced himself , its not a poor country either .
she asked , hoping the teacher would say scotland , australia , or any other country where the accent might be too strong , thus too hard to understand .
truly , america was a different country and with clints help , chewy felt his transformation into an american would soon be irreversible .
for all i know , maybe your country does nt even have sweets .
his country not having candy !
maybe this kind of thing was okay in your home country , but , here , in america , we do nt look to well uponwhatever you did .
alright , so he started condescending to me , telling me that s not how we do things here in america , that maybe it was okay in your country kind of speech .
he had nt quite yet gotten the reaction he was looking for , so added , i guess its not your fault though , coming from a country filled with midgets .
it was one thing to make a personal insult about chewy regarding his height , eyes , or penchant to giggle at the word panties which meant both male and female underwear in korean , but his country was off - limits .
after all , he was off fighting for his country .
she probably thought it was in another country , or on a tropical island somewhere .
ill be out of the country .
i felt like i was not seeing a town in america but a slum from some third - world country .
i just hoped that he was n't out of the country .
after the funeral , aimee 's mother helped my mom find the best psychiatrist in the country , not a fake doctor like doctor stewart at willowgate psychiatric hospital .
they would rule this town , then the country , then the world .
scouts in this part of the country do nt notice pussy boys like you blah blah , same old , same old .
yeah , i met him last summer working at the country club .
my big plans to inject myself back into her life backfired when i found out she would be away playing beach volleyball in some foreign country all summer .
i ve got the financial clout of a small country and , with my backers , i reckon i can make a real difference in the world of business .
the narration continued over a montage showing images of the country and its people : everyones heard of the south american giants : brazil , argentina , bolivia , peru .
its a small south american country with only a few notable resources .
there was a very healthy smattering of world - class talent emanating from the south american country that neither boy had heard of two or three hours previously .
and the more they learned about the country neither had heard of before , the more intrigued they became .
stone and his fellow racers were doing what every other young man in the country wanted to do .
however , he equally saw that in the deep interior of a country with relatively few regulations and even fewer officers to enforce those few regulations , it was a licence to flout all the rules in the pursuit of the greatest profit .
there are millions of miles of power lines across the country , he nodded .
the district is by far the largest part of the country , considerably larger than the remaining nine districts put together , but almost unpopulated .
the dappling of white across swathes of the country were clouds ; however , the viewpoint offered on the screen was still hundreds of kilometres above even the highest of them .
it snaked away through the jungle and , ultimately , to its source in the eilerts de haan mountains in the south of the country .
should there be any way in which we are able to make your stay in our country more pleasurable , it will be our delight to oblige you .
the money offered by stone would lead him by the nose straight into the deeply forested areas of the country .
the country here had , evidently , been quite mountainous .
since the breakup of the soviet union , much of the environmental abuse had been observed and documented : great swathes of land , bigger than whole western european countries , were sticky morasses of oils and toxic sludge , sunsets stained to unnatural hues by rising gases , people in living hell .
* * * neither will nor harry expected their father to agree so readily to allow his teenage sons free rein on a remote stretch of a wild river running through virgin rainforest in the darkest depths of a country they d not heard of a week ago .
and this place , as you call it , is crucial to our operation up country .
it would be very difficult to smuggle gold out of the country without disguising it .
getting it out of the country is the tricky bit .
he was stranded in the middle of a swirling river , hundreds of metres from the shore , in the heart of the loneliest , most desolate province of a poor country on a poor continent .
someone who might just be going to suriname ; might just be planning a trip up an uncharted tributary of a little - known river in the least known country in south america ?
she was n't going to join a sect , nor travel to a country in war to volunteer .
different country aliens .
the evil gremlins of the basement country .
in the basement country .
sorry : i m not sure the suns hot enough to bake it , as it would in my country .
it 's a country and continent called australia .
he talks about something called countries .
but not a country ?
according to him there was a collection of states that formed the country of australia .
they know about our country and where we are .
considering edens draconian nature , my government is afraid of what it could mean for our country .
they want you gone from the country , says the blond agent .
remember your studies children ; nothing is as what it seems in the this world where what is right is shunned and what is wrong , that feeling that tears at your gut is celebrated and cheered ; this world which gives the presentation of being free especially in this country is where those freedoms are boasted we are sheep moving to the horn of the government .
my father had this look of refreshment in his eyes like he was beginning to understand how lucky he was to see the country no matter the circumstances of what was going on around him .
that is why we are going across the country dodging the military in hopes of seeking refuge in arizona so that we can move without as much interruption as would be experienced back east .
next time you plan on driving across the country can we make sure we bring better food ?
this was more like us , i was not sure if it was the change of location or just the removal of all the pressure of traveling across the country with the potential enslavement in a concentration camp upon the horizon .
it seemed risky with all the government surveillance that was sweeping the country and was being constantly reported on the radio and television .
i mean we had gotten this far at least , crossed state lines and have pretty much moved undetected where every time we turned on any media outlet it was over - flooded with stories of people across the country being taken away .
he sat as the chair of the intelligence committee where he knew the whereabouts of all the concentration camps in the country and would be our gateway to getting to the president .
he began his speech in the oval office : men and women of this country we are facing our gravest enemies .
the whole country went into to chaos .
we have traveled all over the country and are only beginning to see the results that we envisioned in what seems a lifetime ago .
we are here not as your allies but your friends , we have a common enemy and that is the elite government of the world controlled by the president of the free country , and i use that term loosely and the pope who is the spiritual leader of a majority of the planet .
did you hear what was going on around the country ?
they had taken well to our direction yet still were uncertain and antsy for when their moment would come as they heard stories of our exploits at the different sites around the country .
as we had the attention of a nation we let them know the truth about their holy land as the airwaves were released from our hacking it allowed for us to make a message to the people of the country and whoever was tuned in across the world .
they were inspired to rise up and take back over the country under the banner of the ancient ones with palestinians working with them in that effort .
the people of that country were treated horribly and the royals enjoyed a life of luxury , a familiar story the world over but since we were going to be in the neighborhood we might as well stop by and say hello .
chapter 38 as we arrived the beauty of the architecture stood out you could see the fingerprints of the ancient ones throughout the country .
but this was tricky as the president of the united states had roots in this country , it would be difficult to take him out here but by doing so a message would definitely be sent that regardless of who you are if you are on the side of the elite at the expense of your own people globally especially your ancestral people your time would come and he would be no different than the leaders of this continent who had fallen days earlier .
this was a culmination of everything we had gone through from the time he first made war on us moving our family across the country and having us hide out like we were criminals when we were just kids trying to enjoy our life .
as he fell to the ground with his blood forming a puddle at our feet we made our way into the darkness of the night in order to get out of the country as there would be uproar from our action in this country and the world over .
as he fell to the ground with his blood forming a puddle at our feet we made our way into the darkness of the night in order to get out of the country as there would be uproar from our action in this country and the world over .
the drive had been a mind - numbing race across half the country , during which they d only stopped infrequently for bathroom breaks or junk food drive - thrus .
the ghettos , the hoods , those scary inner city slums in this , or in any other country for that matter , hold many children who are fatherless , motherless , homeless , hungry , lonely , angry , bitter , et cetera .
fallout shelter doors that once waited to receive our parents and grandparents for a long winter night , when our country was playing tit for tat with the soviet union and everybody liked ike .
a major hit , possibly the biggest drug hit in any ghetto anywhere in the country .
in my country , canes are more like walking sticks , no handles , no curved end like da umbrella , but thick bamboo shafts .
i knew that only fools would buy their crap , but i also knew that we live in a country full of fools and sometimes we all need a big bitch slap .
naturally , much like the state of our country , i found all of this a little hard to believe .
he looked at me like i had waged war on a country with the avidity of oil .
with one appointed leader , all trade went through his country of turkey , a city - state , and through the central hub for business and government , babylon .
the concession had a government - assured monopoly on freight hauling that was why it was called the concession and by extension , just about everything else in the country .
with all the problems this country is facing , andrew , and you want to know what 's wrong with making a buck ?
there was an old logging village on the map , called johnson city , as the country began to gain altitude .
packed us up and moved us all out to this part of the country , it having no great history of acrimony between the races the west .
there 's a dozen other distilleries dotted around the country , all making a product sold behind the label ' mctavish ' from various sugar sources corn , barley , fruit .
they have more nigerians in the office here too , and they have a little office in lagos because they believe in being involved in the country where they do business .
if they were pissed about how their country got formed , they were hiding it well .
lola marveled that an entire country could actually go bankrupt .
protector that she naturally was , however , she worked hard that night to keep nwanyi laughing and brushed away any return to sadness with reminders of how cell phones and computers had made the country , indeed the world , a much smaller place .
who spends only two days in a country ?
april 2009 the u.s . state department will tell you that nigeria is a country of around one hundred - fifty million people living in an area about the size of texas and oklahoma , making it the eighth most populated country in the world .
april 2009 the u.s . state department will tell you that nigeria is a country of around one hundred - fifty million people living in an area about the size of texas and oklahoma , making it the eighth most populated country in the world .
a map of nigeria shows the ` ` y '' made by the intersection of the large benue river with the even larger niger river , which happens more or less in the center of the country .
today the yoruba and others in this southwestern part of the country are about half muslim and half christian and , judged by the standards of violence in the rest of the world , they coexist not so poorly .
like any other country , nigeria has its predators , its bullies , and its extremists filled with such a sense of righteousness that they believe the goodness of their cause justifies actions which defy understanding .
corruption , scams , and sexually transmitted diseases were now his country 's most famous exports .
and never was there a country more poised for it than nigeria .
the real problems today are often caused by outsiders , usually just kids brought in from neighboring countries to make trouble , and by our own uneducated .
in the name of his beloved country .
along with what had seemed at the time like half the country .
for all of its flaws and troubles , who knew what chaos that country might be in today without that oddly idealistic plan .
she found herself increasingly curious about the country and found it increasingly satisfying to research anything about its history and geography on the internet .
so she downloaded maps of the country and studied them .
do you understand that nigeria is the eighth largest country in the world ?
this country , this world , needs us , and we need you .
of course , you use a country code .
although somadina had taught her to read and write , nwanyi had never actually gotten to go to school and she knew almost nothing about the rest of her country except for what she picked up in conversation .
she knew that these people were muslim of course , and originally from the north , and that , like many nigerians , they considered themselves first and foremost members of their own original tribes and only secondly members of their country .
he thought his particular group of people should rule the country .
the fact was that she could care less who ran her country , but the last many months had taught her well that she did care whether djimon was happy with her or not .
` ` coming to your country on business in middle of december .
he would like to see to it that she did not get killed in his country .
but djimon talked to her the whole way , muttering instructions she had long since memorized , reminding her how once the country finally listened to his message , others would rise up , other deeds would be done , but always her wonderful deed would remain the most glorious .
remember , this must not happen here , on nigerian soil but rather exactly at the second that the plane attempts to leave the country .
this region of the country was the republican vanguard , the last stand for many years against fascism .
he has worked in the biggest city in the country for his entire life , and yet he has never even had to draw his service piece , you know ?
then one night he stood alone upon the summit of avalon , looking across the enchanted waters at the land of aeden , wondering where in all that strange country rosa was , when an old man appeared , coming up a hidden stair cut into the reddish rock .
how long have you lived in our country , miss ?
call it what you want , but in a movement like ours , a movement to take back this great country of ours from the communists and the jews , we ca nt afford to have a doubting thomasor a doubting brianaround .
and he says the white devils are the real illegal aliens and should leave this country to the rightful inhabitantsthe black and brown people , and if the white devils do nt leave they should be driven out .
and i got me some fake i d shit that ll get me out of the country .
corruption and lawlessness are stifling business , and the ruling party bureaucrats control all the main cash flows in the country .
yea , were there men when i was young3 but still , our country is large .
speaking of the political situation in countries nearby , particularly in belarus and ukraine , i do nt personally support any force attempting to interfere with the internal affairs of a sovereign state .
rather , european bureaucrats are saving stupid , greedy investors , who bet their own money , and other peoples money , on the prospects of a country , which has never been top of anything .
this country is undoubtedly wealthier than greece , thanks to profits made during both world wars .
in 2008 - 2009 , the swedish krona was devalued by fifty per cent , but because sweden is a self - sufficient country , and almost all goods consumed by its population are produced domestically , people hardly noticed the devaluation .
perhaps catalonia and the basque country will seize their chance to break all ties with madrid .
when that happens , many young europeans , especially from northern europe , will come here to stay because of the prospects for professional development , and the cultural dilution back in their native country caused by the influx of african and asian immigrants .
i am russian , this is my country .
that there is a lot of beauty in our country .
there are those , on the other hand , who are culturally distant and whose presence can hardly contribute to the development of our country .
many so - called russians do nt like our country .
moreover , i would like to tell you that in my country many people think the same way .
western countries socialist economies have created a substantial number of slackers , like the characters in that american movie the big lebowski .
it is a small country with decent , hard - working people .
there is not a single dynasty in the country .
you can not deny that people in the country love your father ; that he is a living legend .
i think it is wrong to judge people by their appearance or place of birth , especially in our country .
i would like to believe that people could live together in this country by themselves , that their future does not depend upon who is now ruling in the kremlin .
in our country this is the main motivation for the office plankton .
you two have made my day and the party - and the country - will owe you both many thanks .
privately , interim prime minister ronald court was threatening to expel the russian diplomat from the country .
not every man or woman is willing to lay down their lives for their country and for these brave souls to heed this call in this dark hour , is a selfless and heroic act .
` ` in honour of your service to your country and our allies , i have decided to commemorate the end of the great war with a statue to pay tribute to you and your fallen comrades . ''
` ` young jonathan here did a great service to his country , mister tremblay , '' martin interjected .
` ` country over family , dad .
jack could partner with any spy , thief , or killer - for - hire in the country , but time and time again he chose bear .
all the technology available today and one of the most secret organizations in the country , hell , in the world , just gave him an assignment in a manila folder .
` ` here in my country we do n't accept collateral damage . ''
jack noble and his partner , frank skinner , believe the man to be part of a terrorist organization that is involved in smuggling drugs and guns and men into the country .
does nt anybody hang out in a bar in this damn country ?
it would have taken an enormous amount of manpower to keep surveillance on so many students , let alone millions of other drug users all over the country .
if you can trust this man to get us out of the country , then how can you not trust him to be our protector ?
you know better than to bring us to a volatile country based on a hunch .
this entire country was built on a myth , one that even the passengers supposed superiors held lingering beliefs toward .
ishmael traversed this road often , usually on his way to see relatives , many of whom still lived out in the wilder areas of his country , but never under such duress .
he never realised the job would have him dealing with british intelligence , or on the run from arabian insurgents in his own country .
who were these people and what were they doing in his country ?
however , as you decided to start a fight with our host in his safe house , we are now outside with no transportation in a hostile country .
louisa expected the border of two enlightened countries like israel and egypt to be a virtual one ; a line on a map with the odd border crossing placed on the main roads connecting the major cities .
his country lay in ruins .
this country is simply not the door had slammed , cutting off hugos sentence with a bang .
his stomach felt like a foreign country he would never willingly visit .
but then why would she travel all the way across the country to tell him his girlfriend , who she did nt even know about , was with the killers ?
sagging and faded posters of idyllic scenes in some country he never bothered to figure out , adorned the walls , strafed by the same fluorescent glare they d seen many times before .
i have nt been in this country long enough to know brands .
catch up bob and kevin explained that they d both arrived separately , a short time ago , from different parts of the country .
he even found out in which country , and which years , but actual venues and specific dates were not included .
it was dedicated to the world cup exploits of the brazilian national football team , and logged full details of all their final appearances and victories , including day , month , year , stadium , city , country , and final score .
meanwhile bob and jason searched dictionaries , atlases and travel brochures , to determine any links between the two outstanding words and specific countries .
bob has even spent most of the past ten years out of the country , where the technology could not touch him .
pumpkins big as houses , all over the country !
and in a free country , i could ask whatever questions i felt like asking !
although the population of sasebo is large , the physical size in area is equivalent to that of a town in western countries .
these apartments are nothing like the apartments you would imagine in western countries .
in japan most everything to do with school was standardised , and it was a country where the need to conform was very strong , and social embarrassment was felt that much more strongly .
so you do live in another country ? !
especially in your country , japan , because its the culture there to guess what people feel , rather than ask them straight out .
if someone had told me at that time ( late 1970s , early 80s ) , that not only would i leave our relatively isolated region of japan and travel overseas , but that i would actually end up living in a foreign country , it would have been unimaginable .
and because our family was so poor , we also felt financially isolated even within our own country .
there s billions of people in the world , and one hundred million just in your country alone .
within a period of a few hours , i had suddenly found myself a tenant at a psychiatric facility in a foreign country .
it probably sent shock waves all across the country , and reverberated in the mind of the halfway house director , who had heard a little voice saying james might be using .
but then i realized i did nt come all the way to this country to just to be somebodys wife .
but manyand likely , this manwere deserters from their own country .
to serve the country that he loved , and to punish those who did not love it that was more important to claudio than anything else .
the councilors would answer for their treachery , their disloyalty , their hatred of their own country .
long live our country and her people , for ever and ever !
therefore , valerio lucullus , veteran of many wars and dear friend , remember these words throughout your rule : serve your people and your country , and lead at the vanguard like you always have .
i was going to america to attend an annual book fair in boston and i could barely believe it , as being raised in the soviet union i could never have dreamed of being able to go to any of the so called western countries .
the problem was how to cover in just a few lectures the tragedy of that vast country , which had been tormented for decades if not for centuries ?
he was a wonderful story - teller , remembering a lot of detail from the life of the people who were long dead , describing their relationship and even the events that were happening in the country during different periods of their lives .
moving from one part of the country to another was not easy .
with the advent of perestroika things changed at the operetta , same as everywhere in the country .
a big tv screen , raised above the crowd , showed the main clock of the country the kremlin clock ( the courante ) that was now ticking the last seconds of the old year .
tomorrow the whole country will be playing and singing it !
so when the radio and tv stations all over the country played swan lake , everybody knew that the forthcoming announcement would be bad news .
it was difficult for vadim , who was born just after world war ii and brought up in the soviet union , to fully comprehend the significance of the democratic changes taking place in his country .
in very hard economical conditions , when the country was in chaos , these men and women found ways of making their living and not by stealing or begging , but by providing a service for the others .
riga is in a foreign country , and they could hide there for as long as they want .
he learned of other countries , especially of tramis homeland atlan , the richest nation in the world .
i know it is nt patriotic to talk of our government like this , but when i think of the great powers we have and the destructive way we ve come to use our gifts , i can only feel anguish for our country and the world .
as one day followed another and another , edak began to anticipate the future , as he imagined the rich country he had always heard about .
what sort of country is this atlan ? !
all his life he had heard about this great country .
he s traveling by ship from his country , called mu , to atlan .
a movable roof allowed the sun to shine through , illuminating the crystals , which magnified and intensified as they ricocheted off its carefully cut facets , finally channeling into several storage cells , which in turn gave power to the entire country .
we know that there are stonemasons in that country .
so many times before he had urged them to leave atlan , to live in another country .
i had been out of the country for almost ten years before coming back in 2005 for the gig out west and i still could nt tune in to american women .
i am not christian , of course , we are a muslim country .
i come from a very strict country and being here , seeing my cousin who is very opened minded and does nt like my husband , and then meeting you .
one ca nt see the world for what it is if one is tied to his tribe , country , and religious group and so on .
i mean , can you leave the country ?
it came to me suddenly that i needed a trip ; it was time to leave , cross the ocean and get out of the country .
it would be fantastic , imagine , a year or two on this boat , going slowly from country to country , no schedule , no email , no boss .
it would be fantastic , imagine , a year or two on this boat , going slowly from country to country , no schedule , no email , no boss .
the thought of a three million dollar plus payoff was enticing and i knew that there were probably few people in the country who could do what we did , and they would have probably wanted much more than we were asking to join vector .
in this country , when the boss says good morning , you say good morning .
she appeared as the virgin because portugal is a catholic country .
while in the woods walking leo the phone rang and it was an unknown number which usually meant a new student though i never liked those calls as i was illegally in the country .
i was adopting a small abandoned child from another country and all i could think about was the feel of the caseworkers flesh against mine , pressing , the heat , the passion .
despite what some would have you believe , america is a wonderful country .
well i remembered that katherine had a brochure from a tourist flight company in florida and the fbi did n't think that they had time to leave the country yet so they sent someone down there and caught them as they were walking to the plane .
they own some clothing factories and a few stores around the country .
they are still a proud people who are contributing to the growth of our country in a positive way .
this country is full of examples of it with the native americans , african americans , german and japanese of world war ii .
pearl found it incredible that no - one had missed this man back in his home country .
he had obviously robbed a bank back in his own country and then had come to thailand to hide from the authorities .
that would explain why no - one was looking for him , he must have deleted all traces of his identity back in his home country .
they were all cards , and judging by the post marks on them they were from several different countries and all were addressed to the mystery patient .
betty in no way was equipped to use public transport in this strange country .
its bus systems and their organisation through the otogars were incredibly efficient , and huge numbers of turkish people were able to get around the country so easily and affordably .
the country was being interwoven by a rail and road network that wil and betty thought was so desperately needed in australia .
how could a wealthy country like australia , thought wil , be so neglectful of the need for dual lane expressways to join cities , and fast efficient rail networks to ensure ease of transportation for goods and rural produce ?
they said the city was host to the french who ran the country from here and in doing so left their architecture behind .
shell go a long way and wil wondered ; if she would come out to australia to help run the country , we d no doubt become the richest country in the world .
shell go a long way and wil wondered ; if she would come out to australia to help run the country , we d no doubt become the richest country in the world .
a country tortured by the khmer now subject to military dictatorship of some order .
vietnam one more country to visit , thought wil , but time to do so is becoming short .
) , and taking away from this distant country , legacies and traditions that vietnamese people were able to once hold and be so proud of .
it was a country that had lost its way , pillaged , and those within sought to create something for today and tomorrow .
maybe , vietnam will remain a country without a soul until the day arrives when its people are at peace with their land and want to settle back into it .
for this visit in a country like japan was nt going to rely just on a smile .
wil was in a foreign country once again and waiting to board a bus to kyoto , which ran to the second when it departed , a uniformed man with white gloves there to help him aboard .
night time fell as the bus moved toward kyoto , and it seemed cold outside , misty rain was present and wil in a new country , on his own , being deposited at a railway station in kyoto with a map looking at street signs only written in japanese characters , and no english names of streets or a number he could recognise .
he had arrived and the first obstacle of travelling alone in a strange country like japan had been accomplished .
he was now within a country of history , culture , friendly , gentle people , and a ruthless and tyrannical military regime .
a country where its elected leader , aung san suu kyi remains in her home under house arrest , a country where dissidents are locked up , some never to be seen again , and monks sick of the tyranny of power or the blind folly of self and greed , rising in the street and being rounded up , beaten and for some , never to be seen again .
a country where its elected leader , aung san suu kyi remains in her home under house arrest , a country where dissidents are locked up , some never to be seen again , and monks sick of the tyranny of power or the blind folly of self and greed , rising in the street and being rounded up , beaten and for some , never to be seen again .
yangon is a decaying city of british colonial architecture , of heritage , place and tradition forced onto the burmese by the british , but also a country handed by the british to the indian raj , then invaded by the japanese ; accepting the japanese , then turning against them to side with the british , then peace and wealth , then dictatorship from its military and sinking to where it is today .
a country sandwiched between the continents of india and bangladesh , the himalayas , china to its north , laos and thailand to its east , a country rich in natural resources now being exploited including natural gas , timber , rice and rubies , and its monetary wealth , held by so few .
a country sandwiched between the continents of india and bangladesh , the himalayas , china to its north , laos and thailand to its east , a country rich in natural resources now being exploited including natural gas , timber , rice and rubies , and its monetary wealth , held by so few .
a military regime to retain and control wealth in their hands , and keep it within their families , and not heeding any call to let this country 's wealth filter down to its people , its people poor but happy in company with their buddhist faith ; prolonging suffering and being denied justice , and human rights for them non - existent .
the english presence long gone , but their buildings , railways and roads and ports remain and frailly bind this country together .
it was owned by a yangon businesswoman who was there when wil arrived and she welcomed wil to her country .
sri lanka is a country to visit for its bountifulness and tranquil scenery of coconut palms and rice paddies , and quaint houses scattered along its roads and into the fields .
the people left with no option but to plunder or leave their country as refugees or invade their neighbours or just cry poor and with hand outstretched , relying on wealthy countries to keep them and possibly using terrorism and impoverishment as an excuse for their economies to be propped up .
it was great to be back in australia , the lucky country and probably not appreciated by many australians until they travel into places not so well off .
as if the farce unfolding in the us was nt enough , those over the atlantic and the governments of italy and spain , portugal and greece were borrowing against their country 's wealth until they had no more assets to offer and becoming virtually bankrupt .
in all four tickets purchased and three countries and costing him less than 1000 australian dollars , four weeks in total and off again .
the museum also hosted a history of tobacco , and relayed the life of the man who started his working life trading coal out of a wheelbarrow , transcended from a bicycle to become the matriarch to the country 's wealthiest family .
my father 's investment is still keeping me and i ' m able to travel where ever and when , as long as i travel with the people of the country , their way , using their transport means and competing with them for beds where the middle class now stay when they travel for business or family .
schoolchildren were attracted to wil , a foreigner , and asked him questions about his country , why he was here and if he liked java .
maybe , although pai like many places in s e asia attract people from other countries , and for some become their homes .
longer each time , with my eyes on the picture , and then later , sometimes with eyes closed , i began to look back , in imagination , to the space - time of a country which would be better to call aryavarta than indialest present day associations confuse gradually it came alive .
in aryavarta ( the aryan country ) society and culture are in transition , but it is clear that the age of classical poet warriors recounted in the early vedas is past , likewise the set of circumstances and the world view that originally inspired the yogic quest , the mystic sacrifice , and the soma cults .
alan watts called buddhism hinduism stripped for export , and it is followed today in sri lanka , burma , thailand , cambodia , laos , vietnam , china , tibet , japan , mongolia , korea , formosa , pakistan , nepal , the former soviet union , some parts of india and probably by isolated individuals in every country , by hundreds of millions living today .
i doubt , he wrote , in his widely read orientalism , if it is controversial , for example , to say that an englishman in india or egypt in the later nineteenth century took an interest in those countries which was never far from their status in his mind as british colonies .
spanning about three thousand years , taken mostly in india , but also in other countries where buddhism has been practiced , the photographs in this book , were compiled from many sources , but i would like to acknowledge especially three books ; the art of indian asia , by heinrich zimmer , completed and edited by joseph campbell and published by the bollingen press , the art of india though the ages , by stella kramrisch , published by phaidon , and the art of india ; temples and sculptures , by louis frederic , published by abrams .
the dawn of the 20th century was a time of peace and prosperity for the country .
there were approximately 8,000 registered automobiles in the country and those cars had fewer than 150 miles of paved highways to drive on .
two i ve never left the country before , but i m not worried .
i m going to find that tape he made of me , and send it to every single tv station in the country .
he asked me who my ex - boyfriend was , and then proceeded to travel across the country to kidnap an innocent boy from his house .
now , at the end of his second lifean old man in a foreign country , irritable , weak , six thousand miles from home , with no one left in the world he loved and nothing left for him to dohe saw this current life for what it was : a failure like the one before .
he has traveled to every country on earth , pursued every interest , adventure , and dream , and he would have gone mad with boredom lifetimes ago had it not been for the seven billion unique personalities here for him to discoverseven billion people , and a slightly different version of each in every one of his lives .
surely you are aware of the difficult economy and unemployment situation in the country today .
love for a person , for an ideal , for a country or what have you .
but , according to custom , chloe and i will have another ceremony in my home country so the whole village can attend .
the idea of being in a new school , in a different country , far away from her home , sounded frankly pretty terrifying .
half the country would take her in as a guest and care for her , which was one of the many good reasons why the country let almost no one past its borders , including the denizens of organized crime .
half the country would take her in as a guest and care for her , which was one of the many good reasons why the country let almost no one past its borders , including the denizens of organized crime .
as a male in his home country , he had grown up accepting the many casual ways that young women were forced to have sex .
she tried the motion for a military salute that meant hello to deaf americans , and then she realized that the boy clearly was nt from her home country .
but she is now hiding in a strange country with no resources .
and before she could ever get into the embassy , your friend would likely find that girls the world over who seek help in a foreign country and can not produce a passport or an entry visa are often detained for entering the country illegally .
and before she could ever get into the embassy , your friend would likely find that girls the world over who seek help in a foreign country and can not produce a passport or an entry visa are often detained for entering the country illegally .
vanida knew nothing about this part of the country , but michelle insisted that along the beaches they could seek out english speakers on holiday and get to know some of them .
there are only two roads into the country , which is otherwise surrounded by formidable mountains .
then , once they got near the remote area of trongsa , they needed the skills to break away from the group and get to where they needed to go , and then they needed to be able to improvise well enough to get the girl and get back out of the country somehow .
did nt some of the tour description for the country say that archery was the national sport ?
vanida , who still had a heavy thai accent , identified herself as a girl from bangkok showing her country off to her american - born kin .
you needed to know everything possible about this michelle if you were going to find her in a country of seventy - million people .
she thought that you said it was pointless for you to go until we had a better idea where in the country to look .
i think that the bhutanese would give their whole country away before they knew what had happened , usha said .
do you still think that the government people in thimphu will likely grant me asylum in this country ?
john kennedy ran the country with it , for gods sake , and all kinds of people with addisons do all kinds of strenuous things .
well , this country was the home of c3 .
pavel and several of his key men were on tape as not only pursuing two under - aged girls across half a continent , which would have caused enough problems , but they were also documented discussing assorted other business matters linking them to prostitution and human trafficking in multiple countries .
due to the remaining difficulties in entering the country , that was the end of that .
i am grateful to : dhivya balaji of india for seeking out the sanskrit name jvalalaya along with her other special notes to aid my cultural sensitivity in telling this story , dorottya bacsi of hungary , a top reviewer on goodreads , with special thanks for her encouragement of haleys character and accomplishments , judith ludlow of the united states , both critic and fan of my earlier works , with particular appreciation for her guidance in cutting back on vulgarity to make this book more accessible to a wider audience , mellissa barth of canada , whose detailed analysis encouraged me to rework some of michelles back story , michelle willms , a sociologist / psychologist from the united states , who provided insights into vanida and michelles trauma and how to maintain both characters humanity in the story , sophie robinson of england who guided me into making a myriad of important tweaks thanks to her skill for thorough analysis , and shree janani of india for helping with both facts and the perspective of a reader from her home country .
alphabetical list of characters alex : teddies father amy : social worker from chicago ana : employee in ivys office ariel : teddies older sister ashmita : ushas mother awut : teddies photography teacher bela : ashmitas friend in gangtok bhadra : ushas 11 year old sister , and also the name of zanes friend chakor : ushas deceased father duttas : elderly telepathic couple from darjeeling haley : mountain climber from denver hans and henrik : norwegian climbers who advocate to include haley jampa : young monk living in bhutan jeet : ushas uncle in patna khae : manager of bar in bangkok lawan : ex - us military researcher and rebel within c3 lhatu : man from bhutan lola : teddies mother maurice : old family friend of the zeitmans mei : expert cyber detective from china who asks no questions michelle : teddies closest friend nandi : procurer of young girls for exclusive clients noi : one of vanidas trainers at a camp in the thai countryside noom : name jampa uses for his sister olumiji : nigerian telepath pavel : the man who purchases usha pee chaai : name vanida uses for her brother pim : one of vanidas trainers at a camp in the thai countryside riddhi : ushas aunt in patna samir : pavels go to man for delicate items shawna : a childhood friend of teddies sister teresa marie : a sister of the good shepherd somadina : nigerian telepath and close friend of teddies mother tariq : pakistani boy who aids teddie telepathically teddie : high school student from houston uncle steve : haleys agent usha : high school student from patna vanida : trainee in the sex industry vasily : pavels old friend and assistant yuden : lhatus grandmother za : murdered mother of two unusual twins zane : teddies older brother places bagdogra : nearest airport to darjeeling , 3 hours away by hired car darjeeling : mountain resort in northern india gangtok : capital of sikkim , a country formerly between nepal and bhutan and now part of india kanchenjunga : third highest mountain in the world lord peartree international academy for exceptional students : fictional school in darjeeling india manali : picturesque indian resort town where pavel lives mishmi hills : in indias arunachel pradesh district bordering china and burma patna : town in northern india where ashmita and ushas siblings live and ushas father is from patong beach in phuket , thailand : most popular beach in all of southeast asia .
the ise was a private entity but the two institutions were complementary , like other universities around the country .
from the guys in the country we get reports of thousands of people drifting out from the cities , looking for food and safety , leslie said .
at least part of the country might survive .
with over half the population in the country receiving some type of government largess , when the money stopped arriving , many of those people would strike out at their fellow citizens .
pioneers had crossed the country in covered wagons to settle its broad valley in the 1800s .
our so - called leaders in washington d.c . were well on their way to driving this country into the ground before we were knocked flat by the sun .
i m sure our canadian friends could point out that the united states invaded their country multiple times .
as you know , we have radio operators in different parts of the country and the world reporting on conditions in their area , ed said .
people fleeing the northeast portion of the country reported total collapse of all societal norms and subsequent widespread violence .
so , we can assume no response will be forthcoming from the president on the chinese taking over part of our country then , montanas governor said .
although many in the country could not receive the speech due to burnt out radios , enough shortwave operators had received it for it to be widely distributed .
when that message was received on the military bases around the country , the local commanders within the assc states got on the phone to their state governors and reported in for duty .
ever since the assc states had met in january and declared themselves a separate country from washington , d.c . , things had happened fast .
since they each sat on the governors council , which technically made the day - to - day decisions of the new country , most of the governors had assigned a chief delegate .
he steeled himself that this time the merchant class would nt usurp power from the people of the country .
the more religious states wanted an end to gambling in the new country and they did nt mind announcing their intention to close down all the indian casinos in the deal .
paul could understand such an attitude as the country looked at many years of hard work .
i would ask the question that our next order of business be the extending of aid to the starving areas of our country .
no women participated in the founding of our original country .
at one point , rhode island was considered its own separate country and the other twelve states all treated rhode island as such , the virginia governor finished .
we have seen where our country was headed before the sun intervened .
all those old white men could nt possibly know the suffering this country caused .
captain , when the pulse hit and the grid went down in most of the country , it was natural that all those troops would think of their families first , ed offered .
most were nt quite in the shape these two guys were , but all of them lent valuable experience to all the young farm boys that had shown up to defend their country .
he was afraid this would be the response he would receive as they liberated the country ahead .
once this had been one of the most desirable retirement areas in the country .
this had been friendly country from the beginning and the advance should be rapid , ed thought .
again this was friendly country .
then he signaled cheyenne and made a report for the governors council that ran the country until the constitutional convention had finished deliberating .
well , we certainly wo nt have any liberal supreme court justices ruling that they were misunderstood when they raped , pillaged and killed across the country .
lacking in everything but determination to defend their country , the kiwis would hold .
reports had made it up to noel that the australians were evacuating the country north of new south wales and west of south australia .
if someone crosses illegally into our country and gives birth , they are outside the law .
without them this country would be ripe for a chinese picking .
a ninety percent fatality rate across the whole country would have left thirty million people to hold off the invaders .
and besides , there s a new country in town .
so where does the old country fit in , so to speak , when it comes to the armed forces ?
that would have made the country totally ripe for our invasion .
life is getting back to normal and well need lots of new babies to populate the country .
what kind of country am i stuck in ?
the kind of country where people know how to survive , that s where , john answered , a strain of anger in his voice .
lets close with the indos and show them whose bloody country this is , the kiwi commander said .
now , the kiwis needed to secure this land to grow the food next summer to sustain the rest of the country .
at that time they were essentially a separate country , and the other twelve began to talk of treating them as such .
and fast - forward many years , all of them turned out quite different than our country .
settled by many of the same kind of immigrants that came to our country during the early part of the 20th century , her economy was as strong as the u.s .
and the list that was published at the same time showed the ten most miserable cities in the country .
if we can get our new country stabilized and on track , we may all look back on the cme as a godsend , lars added .
i know the problems the country got into with all the borrowing , but i think other solutions can be found , vernon said .
while stumbling blocks still persisted , they were reaching an understanding that would allow the new country to move ahead .
they knew the rebeccas of the country would go nuts , but chance and poor thinking had eliminated the majority of the people who thought like her .
what specific new language do you feel needs to be added to make our point that this is a new country and a new government ?
this young woman was laying out the basis of the new country .
they would fight to clear their country of any invaders , but there was a limit to their endurance .
well , my first question is , what are you doing in my country ?
the report of the capture of seattle was acclaimed in cheyenne where the governors continued to meet over the future of the country .
show those indos what it means to try and take another mans country .
crikey , the bloody bastards believed him and let him bring it into the country .
with the american help that arrived from afghanistan , the aussies held a strong line in the southeast corner of the country .
the governors council had been set up to administer the new country until a new constitution was completed .
while bringing order to this part of the country was important , there were additional concerns .
alabama jumped on board with visions of demopolis , alabama becoming the new orleans of the new country .
shortly , ill be returning to seattle to lead our troops into california to do battle to free our country from the chinese invaders .
while the governors council has done an admirable job holding things together up til now , its time that the people of this country know that a stable , permanent national government is in place .
soon the country would be back to a computer - based economy .
based upon each grade school in the country , individuals would meet regularly to discuss current issues .
have you accounted for money to go teach the chinese about the dangers of invading our country , the georgia delegate asked .
good , we need to establish a new tone in the country .
i wish to point out that the peoples army is occupying my country .
ed loaded on , now the only thing i m here to discuss is how fast your sorry asses can get out of my country .
he s in our country and he calls us imperialists , ed said .
they had both discussed the risks when they marched off together to save their country from the invading indonesians .
he and his staff had been assigned the task of prioritizing the trains in the country .
they wanted justice served for their country against the invaders , and for their lost family and friends against the native criminals .
the volunteer army from around the country was rapidly moving up the east coast and bringing security to what was left of the northeast .
ever since , they had gone from one emergency to another as their life together revolved around the survival of the country .
finding herself alone on the opposite end of the country from her family had left her alone and vulnerable .
paul often wondered , with more normalcy springing up around the country , if john and julie would still want to spend their lives together .
the bulgarian billionaire seems to have slipped out of the country .
in fact , in the areas that we have moved into , there will be free and open elections as to whether or not those areas become part of the new country .
they both were glad to report that from amandas discussions with the women and kevins recount of his survival and rescue by uas troops , the new country and its government could be trusted after all .
paul and his party flew back to richmond to get an update on the entire country .
decisions had to be made as to how far the new country would go to rid themselves of the invaders .
the troops wanted to get their hands on the people who had dared to invade their country .
it had become the unofficial hangout of the young political types from around the country who had found themselves suddenly living in cheyenne .
large enough to be a separate country , as it once was , texas was now outside the uas borders .
just like our country did for the first one hundred and fifty years of its existence , lars said .
noel did nt quite understand what she was talking about , but he thought sitting here in the sun and sea breeze on the promenade was certainly one of the more pleasant spots in the whole country .
the indos were almost all repatriated back to their country and word had been sent down that the american troops would finally be heading home .
you ll never have to pay for drinks in my country , i can assure you , grandfather said .
he was finding out that the union of american states was a very different place than the old country had been .
if that s what our country is coming to , then my political career will be over .
he had arrived there over three months ago , feeling as if he was a lost cavalry member trespassing into indian country .
a matter of honor for queen and country .
my country tis of thee .
many children were evacuated to the country , the older man said .
i guess , you could say that matthew has been traveling around the country .
you re the one who s traveling around the country .
i thought that i wanted to explore the country , but now that i ve met you , i feel connected to you some how .
he s out of the country right now , that s why i m taking care of this .
i travel around the country and world trying to make things better , but i do nt have a place to call home .
he wanted to continue to serve his country .
how s life around the country ?
what a crappy country is here !
in this country , even an atheist knows how to perform .
it seems pretty obvious what kinds of lives women have in this country .
moreover these poor genius people are fooled with fake stories of loving country and nation .
this beautiful country turns pale much more , while istanbul is disgraced and is dishonored in that way .
the country is burning , but russians still look for leather jacket !
his pr business has taken off , and he s finding clients all over the country .
what is the name of the city or country that you are in ?
they set up plr work teams across the country and even in a few friendly countries like the uk , canada and australia .
it is only in the country that we can get to know a person or a book .
there are bunches of them around the country from the different lives you ve had .
he may not have been in this country legally , he said .
potsdam was not his real name , but a town near where he once left this country for freedom during vietnam .
the brightly decorated ceramic would contain precisely two dozen hand - painted marbles , each of which would bear the name of a country , the picture of an animal , or some other reference .
and , if you 'll forgive me a moment of crass commercialism , may i point out that even if we had n't managed to triple the size of his estate while it was in our care , you would still be one of the richest men in the country . ''
further , you will spend a portion of every year outside the country locating suitable gifts for every one of them and any others born since the death of jedidiah senior . ''
no more cheap , flea - ridden hotels in fourth - world countries .
goes a long way to explaining why the nopd are the poorest paid cops in the country .
her mother and she were illegal immigrants to this country .
he and others like him are the principal reason haiti has remained the poorest country in the western hemisphere .
christ , what a screwed - up country .
i had to peel my way through two hundred companies in fifteen countries , and each one brought tears to my eyes .
hell have plenty to occupy him with the fbi on his tail and no money to buy his way out of the country .
inspector boniface , i have to express some surprise that you are prepared to take the word of a criminal over the word of a peer of the realm who has served this country with distinction .
i am sure that the three of us are patriots , and that this country means a great deal to all of us .
the establishment did nt want a newly ennobled peer of the realm all over the tabloid newspaper front pages ; the country would become a laughing stock .
but - and this is a big but , arthur - they still have witnesses who can connect you to the blackmail plot , and blackmail in this country carries a sentence of up to fourteen years .
were guessing which country he runs to .
if he does nt make it out of the country , all stakes are refunded .
if he settles in a country we had nt considered , it goes to the nearest geographically .
when africa was ruled by the europeans in the late nineteenth century most of these little countries did not exist , had different boundaries or different names .
until then the country had been run as a state administered region of the congo , without its own formal government or elections , without an army and without indigenous police .
recent un studies showed that the majority of marats population were educated , fed and cared for by international aid and by humanitarian charities , an unacceptable situation for a country with great mineral wealth , but there were bigger problems in africa that had to be managed first .
in the opinion of martin de souza , it was only the fact that most of the country belonged to the same tribe as their leaders that a descent into civil war was unlikely .
i d read somewhere that waverley had the highest percentage of porsche owners in the country , and i saw most of them that morning .
we think he s out of the country .
derek evans could be at the opposite end of the country , or in the bahamas for all i knew .
finch is out of the country , he said .
the other part had something to do with the political influence his uncle had in this part of the country .
millie continued to smile , the government of this great country taught him as part of his training as a seal .
this is a public establishment and this is a free country .
he had pled guilty so he could serve his time in the u.s . because there was a murder contract out on him in his home country .
some people , in this very country no less , can hardly afford to live in a single room apartment .
all these he did as a hero to his country , to serve and protect the people of his native land of krypton , years before it met its unfortunate demise .
and though he did serve as a british soldier during world war ii , he did so not with the intent of serving his country , but himself .
she would nt even be in the same country .
camp david is probably the most secure location in the country .
i have caught heat , but i am convinced it is best for the country .
i do nt think the country has been the same since .
especially one like chloe bryant , who had served her country so well .
his father had told him the junctioncalled a wye by the railroadwas the first of its sort in the country .
but as he saved the country , time after time , the cruelty had become ever more embedded .
people arrived daily from all over the country .
the country will take this very hard .
that valley was the most bountiful in the country .
most whites , sadly even lincoln , wanted them shipped out of the country .
lincoln was granite rock , the indomitable savior of the country that would become savior the world .
this was certainly enchanting country , lush and prosperous .
if she believed in a caring god , this would be his country .
then everyone in the country knew the name gettysburg , and that americas most consequential battle had taken place on this site .
and i have duty to my country .
they had become a part of a national network that sought out certain types of women and had them transported to the quail club and other similar establishments around the country .
when the europeans ruled africa in the late nineteenth century most of these little countries did not exist , they had different boundaries or different names .
not until de souzas father and uncle discovered tanzanite in those central african mountains in the 1990s did anyone even seek political control of the country .
recent un studies showed that the majority of marats population were educated , fed and cared for by international aid and by humanitarian charities , an unacceptable situation for a country with great mineral wealth , but the un had bigger problems elsewhere in africa that demanded their urgent attention .
in the opinion of martin de souza , it was only the fact that most of the country belonged to the same tribe as their leaders that made a descent into civil war was unlikely .
she is determined to destroy the peace in our country and incite a civil war that will claim many innocent lives .
her followers have already formed a militia that has maimed and abused many in an attempt to scare them into following her communist ambitions for our free country .
the bespoke cards , ordered online , were created in warrington by a few minimum wage software jockeys , so that mums , dads and grannies around the country could receive personalised cards with their names or personal photographs on the front .
victoria was ashamed that they needed aid when the country produced so much wealth , only for it to be stolen by the mining companies and the authorities .
this is a disaster for all of us , and it is your fault because you allowed her into your country .
my dear friends from around the world , this is my country , the country where fifteen generations of my family were born and where they lived .
my dear friends from around the world , this is my country , the country where fifteen generations of my family were born and where they lived .
no , i think its the furthest african country from a coastline .
jalou would also have been on a plane out of the country , had it not been for a visit from the metropolitan police , who wanted to interview him as a material witness , or suspect , in the murder of the hokobus .
they think he emptied the national bank vaults before attempting to leave the country .
there are dozens of people called gillian davis around the country , and facebook lists forty - six in london alone , none of whom look like our girl .
there would be hundreds of women named gillian davis around the country , but it was likely that he would find only one with her qualifications and skills , and only one with her stunning good looks .
he just knew that there would be no body down there and that gil davis was already out of the country .
i have betrayed you , my wife , mi5 and my country .
but i assure you that i have no intention of causing you or your country any harm .
according to your friend in mi5 , they believe that she has fled the country .
ok , everyone , lets put this all behind us and move on ; we have a country to keep safe .
he was not interested in acting against his country or his countrys interests .
i decided to leave the country as soon as possible and clear my name .
my reason for leaving the country , and for making my statement in protective custody in the usa , is simply that my life may be in danger .
nonetheless , he could get around safely , and barrys plan had two advantages - reuniting him with his girl friend , and a flight out of the country , taking him away from the threat of prosecution .
with a back story that linked him to the five most wanted biker gangs in the country , bricko would have been considered the archetypal violent and transient biker .
each successive summer their standing had been enhanced as they were blamed for terrorising seaside towns and quiet villages across the country .
this was the primary headquarters for the gulf region and was where the specialized training for the countrys equivalent of the seals took place the fuerzas especiales , or special forces .
it had nt been broadly publicized , but since 2000 , when vincente fox became president of mexico , the country had been embroiled in a de facto civil war , with the cartels having far greater resources than the army and navy .
mexico found itself in much the same situation colombia had faced in the 1980s and 1990s , when it was routine for judges , police chiefs and army generals to be executed en masse by the colombian cartels , or rather their armed enforcers ; the myriad purportedly revolutionary groups that controlled half the country and increasingly acted as private armies for the drug lords .
every friend he had would attend , as well as some of the most beautiful examples of mexican femininity in the country all to pay homage to him and celebrate his success .
he had arrived in the tiny central american country to learn how to fly .
a foreign country , likely many unusual expenses , a police force that ca nt be bought , foreign mercenariesi do nt mean to sound like an ingrate , but that wo nt cover it , el rey explained .
as soon as it was activated , he fished a matchbook out of his pocket and dialed the country code and phone number he d jotted down .
the only constant is the bloodshed ; the natural consequence of the economics of trafficking in an illegal substance that generates in excess of fifty billion dollars a year , wholesale , for the cartels in mexico : a country where the average person makes a hundred and sixty dollars a month .
tourists from all over the country traveled to visit the cathedral adjacent to the square ; the area was one of the most picturesque in the region .
no , the country was in mortal peril because of a crisis in morality , exemplified by the surge in popularity and power of the drug cartels .
they accommodate the demands of the rich gringos , who buy their products even as their own country collapses from the weight of its own excesses .
now he had proven that it was indeed rewarding to work on this remote island of their country .
the armed forces of the peoples republic of china belong to the people ; their duty is to safeguard the gains of the peoples revolution no the achievements of national construction , and to defend the sovereignty , territorial integrity end security of the country .
these upgraded bronco planes provided the philippine air force modest maritime aircrafts which the air force are lacking due to the priority for planes ideal for air defense of the country .
i would look it up when i got back to rebel country .
i try adding to the cellar from time to time , but it 's hard and expensive in this part of the country .
in a voice that now sounded tired , anastasio said , ` ` i have had my people check across the country .
` ` the collection could have been sent out of the country , j.l .
i said i hoped so , because this was such wonderful country .
in this part of the country it is a rare occurrence to meet someone with a knowledge of wine .
it was the ending of winter , the beginning of spring in the north country .
ai n't no good since castro took over the country .
blacks in the bahamas are descendants from these slaves , and they now run the country .
i 'd always been a person who fought the overdevelopment that happened in my state , in the country .
every damned aircraft from every damned country in the world trying to get in before the night restrictions .
some were two - bit , wild - eyed organisations , with no real power base or support around the country , while others represented very much minority or specialised views .
after all , the americans had only recently set up their own homeland security department , and although this was primarily designed to defend the country against wmds , the so called weapons of mass destruction , it would also be capable of preventing and countering just the sort of terrorist attacks that the uk had been enduring since the troubles started .
i can hardly go to the taoiseach to suggest that he hands over sovereignty of his country to you , whereas you could go to him to suggest that a unified ireland and a lasting settlement would be possible under your auspices and with your patronage .
although the states will be taking the lead officially , we need to be sure that our own interests are fully covered , and that we ca nt be faulted in the way we consult the people of this country and let them have their say .
he will not be told about our role in ridding the province of the terrorists , only that they seem , in some way , to have ceased operating and left the country .
i know alistair , replied bridges , and i can tell you he probably knows more about it than anyone in the country .
skilled partisans lodged together in areas of the country where cathedrals , churches , and other great buildings were to be built .
in comparison to prince hall ; nosa and banta did not receive commendations and standing in society for services rendered to their country .
but they most certainly scammed , fought and killed their way to the top of their game , both in their home country and now here in new york .
and if so , where ; and we still needed a time , and even a method to smuggle the goods into the country .
the moral issues of letting 4 tonnes of cocaine and god knows what else into the country worries myself and cat ; but i can honestly say at this time , i am more concerned with getting mcgovans crew locked up so i can live my life with some degree of sanity .
it soon becomes apparent to him that there is a days drive to get to the lebanese border crossing in masnaa ; an international custom control centre between the countries of lebanon and syria .
through this dangerous landscape runs the only link road between beirut and damascus ; this is the main transport link between the two countries .
rabbi shraga simmons went on to inform sol that there are only about a hundred jews left in damascus ; there was an exodus after the late president hafez assad permitted jews to leave the country in 1992 .
solomon is desperate to discuss his problems in damascus , but waits his turn to speak and when its his turn , he informs master mason david gregg of the twenty four hour delay he has experienced in his attempts to contact the rabbi , and of his frustration as to why no one knew the rabbi was not in the country , and why an imposter attempted to deceive solomon .
since our dear country gained its independence in 1943 our government has been well run and found peace and prosperity ; our economy has boomed with the help of tourism , peace and equality for our citizens ; but our political process has been infiltrated by terrorists .
do not judge me david ; my country and people are on the verge of civil war due to the evil infiltration of our political system .
each one is tied to a major metropolitan areaor country , depending on its size .
you chose to serve your country in ways most people would nt fathom doing .
howells father had been an oil company executive , with his childhood spent uprooted between various gulf countries , nigeria and mexico .
togus is the oldest va hospital in the country , set up in 1866 by abe lincoln himself during the civil war .
this war was started by a nation considered one of the most civilized and highly educated , a country called germany .
nueva germania , or new germany would later become part of a country called paraguay , where years later a wanted world war ii german war criminal would go to hide .
we stopped the bank from transferring our money out of the country .
anyone who persists in protesting , despite the country being under attack , could be arrested for enabling their enemy or being unpatriotic or traitors .
customer service suffered but that was the least of the company 's concern when they were practically a monopoly now with only three competing companies for the whole country .
we are having success in that country .
perhaps an allegations of supporting drug trafficking in u.s . or let them die in a plane crash like the ecuadorian president who tried to interfere with oil business in his country .
jabaar , you are being charged under the motherland defence initiative for serious crimes of treason against your country , i would suggest that you co - operate and tell me who your accomplices are .
like you said , once we hype him up he will probably get elected as pope then we will do better than mussolini , who was only able to get the vatican 's silence and neutrality in world war ii after having given them their own country .
they own plantations for oranges in florida , bananas in tropical countries , vegetables , canned foods .
while the people die and fight for us thinking they are fighting for their religion , their leader continued the flow of oil in their pipeline and give us our share of the profit , with the guarantee that they will stay as ruler in their country .
morris decides he has to get out of the country quickly .
the council works closely with interpol to pursue politicians and executives who ran away with ill gotten wealth to tax haven countries .
south africa , the site of george 's attempted genocide , will be the first country to host the first annual celebration .
` ` good , i ' m glad it all worked out , but i must tell you i was more than disappointed when i learned you had left the country and abandoned your investors . ''
he was down in that area a few months ago , tells me its not exactly his favorite part of the country .
we are both here , at this point in time , neither one of us in the country we know .
tony wei seems to be acting quite normally and were pretty confident he has nt brought any more illegals into the country recently , so were pretty much at a standstill .
i have to interview her but she s been out of the country .
we wo nt have any trouble figuring out avis involvement in this and the illegals will be deported quickly to their country of origin.interpol are working on that in amsterdam .
maybe we should just deport him back to viet nam , after all he entered the country as a refugee from there with a vietnamese passport , said george so quietly he was hardly heard .
wendy mason has left the country , said the disembodied voice , took us a while to get the info .
i m so sorry but mr . mcelroy is out of the country just now .
when he argued with her she took the pistol out of the briefcase and in malay , they know who i am and i doubt very much we can get out of the country in any conventional manner .
` ` i just ca n't believe that i ' m traveling the length of the country for a girl that i barely know . ''
i then remembered that there was more to our lives than just a journey across the country , that when we flew back to georgia on the first plane there would be a family i had been missing .
now i had to go back to school , which sucked , but at least i was n't on the other side of the country jumping off a cliff .
suspiciously little evidence , as if the police themselves were colluding across four countries .
i offered her asylum here , in this country , thinking she was working for the east germans , but she insisted that she had to go back .
i give you the example : if you or i are killed , automatically many millions are paid to three independent agencies in three separate countries , who will investigate with aggression and vigour .
which little country do ya want invaded ?
it says that a chopper is ready anytime we are , to take us down to the country .
since when have you had any operations in bleeding cuckoo - clock country ?
what , fifteen thousand in the whole country , most around the zurich canton ?
they used to be a large and powerful country , a large economic bloc under tito .
underground bunker , old castle in the country , fifty well - armed guards .
we will try not to exaggerate the situation in your country , but we need the cover story , and we need to take power and organization away from the neo - nazi groups , because only with organization and money can they afford to buy stolen serbian nerve agent .
maybe they were rich and famous or explorers from a completely different country maybe they had some flax - golden tales to spin .
since you mention it , said forsyth , recent telegrams have suggested that a couple of governments overseas are taking rather more than a scientific interest in the work being pioneered in this country .
this time , the countrys most senior public servant , head of the civil service and cabinet secretary , was in faded beige chinos , open - necked floral short - sleeved shirt and sandals , wearing a straw hat as protection from the mid - day sun , sitting on a green plastic chair and sipping cheap local wine .
in this country , he is quite free to do so .
after all , its for his own good as well as being of immense long - term benefit to this country .
it is not our business to prevent you from following either option if you should so decide in this country , you are free to choose .
we have several safe houses as we call them , in remote areas of the country , and we would propose that you live temporarily in one of them , in the cotswolds , said algar .
i also need your assurance that makienko will leave this country at the earliest possible opportunity .
your excellency , he said formally , after a pause for thought , i accept your assurances about the contents of the briefcase , and that makienko will be leaving this country tomorrow on the first available flight to moscow .
naturally , he had nt seen the photographs himself , and his colleague the ambassador had been denied copies , so they were obviously clever forgeries , used by the british to get him out of the country .
it also looks as if it could be a weapon not often seen in this country , judging by the calibre .
ambassador , to discover that dmitry makienko has returned to this country .
if you are unable to provide a satisfactory explanation for the mans continuing presence in this country , then you will leave me with only two possible courses of action .
i have , however , continued the ambassador , in the interests of furthering the good relations which currently exist between our two countries , issued instructions that makienko is to be contacted immediately and instructed to leave the country forthwith .
murders murder in this country , and needs to be got to the bottom of if you see what i mean .
he had been told once again to leave the country , so that s what he would do .
miller knew he would be told of the russians movements , and that he had in any case been told to leave the country again , so he should soon be out of harms way once and for all .
although he had been told to leave the country , somehow the mi5 blokes had lost touch with him , and were desperately trying to find out what had happened to him and where he had gone .
billi was doing this now , something she as a serb and an outsider in her own country could nt do with pretty much anyone else she knew .
they also permitted the rental of vehicles , like the bmw i was driving , with international insurance and the other stamps and assurances required if one is to take a foreign registered vehicle across a border outside of the schengen countries .
i finished my breakfast as well as a discussion on the similarities between serbia wishing to retain kosovo and the us wishing to retain the american southwest ( most of the press were gleefully in favor of the return of these areas to mexico as they were of anything which might trouble a country they regarded with either jealous envy or self - resentful shame depending upon their citizenship ) .
this was good as it meant , provisionally and with a fair amount of caution , that i was free to move about the country albeit with an eye toward someone popping up unexpectedly .
it is a small country after all .
probably the low countries .
the rudeness and melancholy of the french fit my mood better than the festive cheer of the low countries .
by the end of the year , he was jack pruitts prize student , and had been invited to join the southeast wrestling league , the largest independent wrestling promotion in the country .
man , if crystal and i were in the same promotion , touring the country , wrestling ... we d change womens wrestling forever .
college broke the group apart , sending them all over the country , and steve had lost touch with all of them .
we sold out arenas across the country .
the rest of that money was earned in a grueling , four nights a week , fifty - one weeks a year schedule of wrestling across the country , covering your own expenses .
we must have had one of the smallest number of voters in the country .
perhaps steve absconded with lavina and cathy and they 're in a motel at the other end of the country .
` ` this is a beautiful area of the country but except for the locals , nobody knows about it .
we thought we 'd never see it in this country again . ''
` ` forty thousand and it 'll be delivered to any place you wish in the country . ''
i was about to just walk out of the country to live happily ever after .
for centuries since the formation of the settlement , its dwellers had lived in unity , enjoying independence of the rest of the country .
it had provided him with precious new acquaintances with rich and powerful figures around the country .
once his plans were carried out , it would be increasingly difficult for non- muslims to live in his country .
some of the more conservative religious political groups in morocco wanted to fence the country off from the rest of the world and keep any western influences from entering , turning the clock back to a time that never really was .
today , waves of european tourists thronged into the country to enjoy a cheap and exotic vacation in the sun .
salima and her younger brother laughed at several attempts to keep outside musicians from coming into the country to play at concerts , not just british great sir elton john , but also various muslim female singers from lebanon .
would a sudden and violent uprising force the king from the throne and throw her country into chaos , like so many other north african and middle eastern nations ?
morocco at its heart was still a struggling , poor country with a fragile economic fabric .
thinking about the current political situation in his country , afellay remembered an old moroccan saying that applied to his situation ; ` ` better a handful of dried dates and content with that than to own the gate of peacocks and be kicked in the eye by a broody camel . ''
there was too much crushing poverty here in a country where the gap between rich and poor was wide and all too apparent ; far too much unemployment , especially of educated young men ; too many living in sub - standard housing , most prominently in and around the major cities .
what was needed to his way of thinking was to wipe clear the diluting forces of the west and re - make his country .
eventually this culture would inundate his country and bury its identity just as it had done in so many other places in the world .
the country was plagued by so - called ` ` lone - wolf '' attacks made by small cells .
while awaiting the cars arrival he noticed the familiar red ` ` hand of fatima '' sign seen all over morocco expressing in english , french and arabic languages ` ` say no to terrorism '' and ` ` keep out of my country . ''
he had travelled enough in the arab world and east africa to know how religious intolerance could be used to hold a country in a state of perennial stasis .
to bou chantouf this was all the more reason that the country needed a revolution .
the descendants of those first families still dominated the business world in the country today .
he had noticed hardline islamist groups in several north african countries already publishing cartoons linking wealthy and westernized women to the crooked and opulent lifestyles of discredited governments .
idus , his only child , lived in casablanca and worked for one of the largest commercial architectural firms in the country ; a. g. designs .
like many modern young moroccan males , the casual use of easily available hashish was looked upon as a mostly harmless rite of passage , and the country had an age - old tradition of its use .
it was a reason for townspeople , especially those living in the medina to dress in their holiday best , bring their families and relish in the attention of the whole country as the king and princess consort visited the festival .
not just from misguided islamist zealots bent on forcing their narrow interpretation of islam on morocco and the world at large , but well intentioned pro - democracy elements agitating to push the country to full democracy much too quickly .
only allah knew what was written , for the country , for any man .
it remained to be seen whether the ` ` gentle revolution '' could indeed bring needed changes to his beloved country .
in 1946 he was released and decided to stay in his new country .
they do nt want to spook the public while over 80 percent of the u.s . armed forces are out of the country fighting wars .
many americans were still fearful about communism and anything from a red country was not to be purchased .
they also showed a complete map of the electric grid of several countries in north america and europe , many gas lamps sold worldwide , what looked like several types of electrical back - up systems , and dozens of possible top secret information and designs ( civilian and military ) from different countries .
even the spouses and children of the employees had to live in their new country , go to the american general store , shop only at the winn dixie supermarket , and attend an american - style school six days out of seven .
every town resident spent several hours down there listening to lectures on what would happen to them if they disobeyed the system in the country of destination , if they were sent back to china , or if they disobeyed zedong electronics .
usually this last unit of learning was instilled toward the end of their stay , just before their move to the country where they would be going .
to most intellectuals , an opportunity to work outside the country was a blessing , and an education not often allowed or offered in communist china .
we are taught many jobs so that we can always survive in a capitalistic country like america .
yes , lee would be expected to travel abroad with his family to a new country .
in her third year , she won a second one - semester scholarship in a pepsi competition and in her senior year was able to spend a term at mit across the country in boston .
after dinner , they all gathered around bens ham radio and spoke with friends across the country .
will remained at work grumbling about how the rich and famous ( his family ) had the freedom to just fly around the country anytime they saw fit .
her wing was scheduled to deploy out of the country in february 2013 , and she was rather excited to be going on active duty .
the presidents ratings dropped to less than 20 percent and he went on the airwaves to remind america that it was still the strongest country in the world , the pentagon was under his direction , and the people need not be worried .
we still have thousands of troops across the country , and with the national guard , we are strong and a real force to be reckoned with .
more than 100,000 angry protestors converged on washington when a report was leaked to the networks that only 40,000 troops and 15,000 national guard were left in the country .
he was about to flee the country when they caught him in bogot international airport boarding a fancy private italian jet with about 20 heavily armed bodyguards .
casualty numbers have not yet come out of the pentagon the weather looks cold and below normal for christmas , and chris , does it look like most of the country could have a white christmas this year ?
our own country is ranked fourth , with only the 4 percent i previously mentioned , and india , which is fifth with 2 percent .
twelve thousand operatives became citizens of their new country , found a spouse , and forgot that we had introduced them to their new life .
preston was studying future weather conditions around the country for his fly - in and the temperatures looked a little above average for the season .
in other news , christmas has been a normal weather affair for most of the country , except for the west coast , where rain and high winds pelted seattle and portland in the early morning hours of christmas day .
the fast - moving storm is heading due north out of california and not expected to cause delays for new years eve travelers , except across the northern areas of the country .
a five - and - a - half hour flight non - stop across the country , their flight had left early at 7:00 a.m. and they were due to arrive in north carolina at 12.30 p.m. sally and martie begged to go along and there would be just enough room in the big ford .
we just need a few old naval frigates and submarines to stop the unwanted , take some farmers , and some good - looking men and women , and start our own country .
we will also terminate military establishments in our own country , to make sure that our own government does not and can not oppose us and try to close us down here in nanjing and shanghai .
the squads are ordered to kill any adult males they find and leave the women and children for use as a work force to re - build our new country .
my belief is that their military , from all around the country , will start walking east .
once we have control of the panama canal , we will be leaving here , and our east coast attack forceincluding all of youwill depart for our new country .
every major city in the world , except for three countries , had aircraft somewhere over them .
soon we will go in and rebuild what remains in our new country , our world .
one billion people were asleep , 1.2 billion were poor and lived in areas where nothing had changed except that the stars looked brighter , and 1.15 billion lived in countries that were allies of zedong electronics , including parts of china .
there was no electricity , nothing electrical worked and whole countries in the northern hemisphere began to freeze .
in europe , 30 percent of the population of the most northern countries will be dead from fire or from exposure .
i believe that the american people will listen to him on military radios , relics from the vietnam or korean war eras , in museums and around bases across the country .
i installed a couple of antennae specifically to talk to buck in new york and nearly a dozen across the country to california .
so , apart from an area around wills house and this airfield , we do nt have a clue what s going on around the country ?
so , you are telling me that either some type of electrical storm from the sun , or an attack from another country , has brought the united states to a complete electrical halt ?
we will not know that answer until someone , or something comes over the horizoneither our own troops coming home or an attack force from the only country that can attack us , which is russia .
there are no vehicles moving in the whole country , military or private .
engine - management systems for automobiles were made in japan , europe , the united states , south korea , and other countries .
any piece of machinery that was made in america and other countries , which do not have some sort of electrical - management system , will still be operational .
they could rip this country and the rest of the world apart and the radiation from over 400 power plants worldwide would certainly kill even the guys who want to take over .
what about the cold and the people in the frozen parts of the country ?
uncle philippe , the whole country is down .
i assume most of the country is dark beneath you .
i am going to re - cap what we know has happened in the country so far .
if it was a country or an army who wanted to attack america , why would they want to turn the electricity back on and let all our troops return ?
weapons in this country are in nearly every household and it is going to get worse , even by tomorrow .
it is a real privilege to come to your beautiful country .
he d admired their country and he d made them laugh .
i believe this is the most high profile meeting to be held in your country and this may expose you to new threats which you have not previously encountered .
already he was forming an impression of the country and its people .
slums were found overseas not in her country but he quoted government facts and graphically proved his points with photos of dirty , snotty , barefoot kids .
p is a big problem around the country .
the implemented software was like a vast electronic brain which monitored and protected the flow of data into and out of the country , checking for threats and malware .
los andes run along ... la costa occidental ... so we lie along an earthquake fault just like your country and tanto ... both our capitals lie on a fault line .
not all those responsible were traced ; some fled the country before their roles were uncovered ; others died in the earthquake .
fernando came to investigators attention and a warrant was issued for his arrest but he d left the country before the quake and his involvement was suspected rather than proven .
word is the big man is bringing in a dozen dagos from the old country to stock our ranks .
he also had friends all over the country and more importantly he had friends in new york city .
after all , he is a patriot and loves this country . ''
i murdered a famous pastry chef in a foreign country .
ill go see what your grandfather is up to , but only if you ll see that this man gets treatment and money to leave the country .
were leaving the country .
but i only want this city , this country , to have that shared experience , the kind we used to make when we were on stage .
they have seen the video , yet another video , of people all round the country doing things .
below that sea are some of the best sites in the country for geo - thermal .
mike , most people do nt realize that almost seventy percent of our countrys vegetables come from this valley .
mike began to realize what a unique area of the country this was .
so vast are the riches that diamond experts believe the gems from marange , in a country of less than ten million people , could account for more than a quarter of all diamonds mined around the globe , and could even trigger a massive slump in diamond prices if the stones come on the market and cause a glut .
after being dosed with massive drugs for days they were secretly exported into arab countries and turned into prostitutes for rich arabs to sample , test - tasted like someone sampling a favorite flavor from a box of chocolates .
his favorite dictatorship is none other than zimbabwe , mugabes little country of terrorism .
truckers call it one of the most dangerous stretches of interstate in the country .
mike was amazed at the vastness of the country that lay out before him .
gentlemen , asked alex , what has happened to our country ?
that has allowed us the opportunity to get people to take pictures of homeless people in cities all over the country .
he was , she explained , an artist of some kind , and was contracted by individuals from all over the country to churn out works of intrigue and beauty .
scholars write to me from all over the country , pleading to be permitted a sight of it .
finally i received a letter saying that my cousins would be out of the country for part of the winter , and i could attend a performance in their place .
as i began to work with the materials , in a small room formerly used to store castoffs such as broken furniture , old catalogue cards and superseded reference works , i felt like a lone missionary sent to a small savage country , the customs of whose inhabitants were utterly mystifying and a little frightening .
it does nt even have to be in this country london , toronto , paris , anywhere .
after all , there are only two hundred of us in the whole bloody country now and it does n't do to fall out with your mates , you know .
they are a bit lazy , but so are a lot of british squaddies i know and these people do live in a country far too bloody hot to be running around snapping to attention every time one of us walks by .
the other thing that had shocked him was the amount of black faces the country had .
in a country with a lower age of consent it would n't matter , but here , where it is set at sixteen , it causes her and us problems .
she thought it right that they should be getting something back from this country that had played such a large part in influencing their own history in what she considered to be a detrimental way .
he had tried ringing several times every day but the primitive telephone system in the country had always defeated him and he had waited for her to call him .
his problem was getting that bastard macallister off his back and getting out of the country .
despite the hype , and confessed need , science seems an ideal rather than a reality in the lucky country .
ok , now madam to accompany your meal this evening we have a choice of two of the finest wines this country has ever produced , at least that s what the salesman told me oh , my .
what could have attracted emperors , kings and queens to this tiny village , lost in a small valley , nestled between two of the tallest chalk cliffs in the country ?
although our country was in a state of war , there was another war going on , a hidden one , between hister and myself .
because of these two attacks , etretat separated from the rest of france , becoming a country unto itself , alert for any attack , protecting its own , ever vigilant .
` ` are you asking if hitler would have been so treacherous as to lead an entire country astray to conquer etretat , as leblanc attests in his journal ? ''
so much so hitler came up with a complex plan to subjugate an entire country in order to regain his objective !
from what country , tell us that ? ''
how stupid of him to think they would be safe here , in a civilized country like england .
in a country so ravaged by warfare , so broken that the entire population had either joined in the combat or fled over the treacherous mountains , to own a goat would mean survival , it would mean being able to feed yourself and make it through one more day .
he resented this new discovery that wound its way through his thoughts like poison ivy , causing him to lose focus and diverting his energies and attention away from his plan to rescue his son his four - year old little boy who was right now taking a trip around the country in the company of people more used to taking lives than preserving them .
maybe he should call her a spoil and have her instead of some innocuous silver candleholder or some silly painting that would never make it through customs and out of the country .
its much safer than chasing criminals across the country .
` ` better late than never , it 's their country after all . ''
he possessed a marvelous knowledge of all the countries of europe and was lavish with money , though its source remained a mystery .
st germain 's travels to other countries were always preceded by false rumors , harassment , and sometimes , outright attempts on his life .
when the templars were decimated , king philip could n't get at the teutonic knights , who were in a different country .
it was wrenched from the hands of greek monks , dispossessed and thrown out of the country , the monastery seized because of a sudden ' need ' by the papal court .
it is their country .
our country had long been curious about the strange goings on around rennes - le - chateau .
iam a punjabi , born of the high country of my native country of india .
iam a punjabi , born of the high country of my native country of india .
europe , asia and africa had embargoed traffic from the infected countries as soon as possible , and so far had been successful in containing it .
based across the country in cheltenham , gchq monitored every phone - call and email made to or from the nation , scanning for any unlawful or terrorist activity .
as soon as he d realised the group had been compromised earlier in the week , the first thought in his mind had been to flee the country .
and he d be out of the country before the clock struck midnight .
the whole country will be watching this .
it looks like he might have left the country .
it does nt matter what country its in .
apparently , farha got out of the country on a private jet .
give it a couple of days , then get out of the country .
sitting there with the cold coffee , the bad weather outside and a headache , henry now remembered every reason why he never attended deals or why he rarely left his own country .
thirty three ten minutes to midnight on new years eve , trafalgar square was just about the busiest place in the entire country .
he d spent a year almost to the minute hatching a plan to get the hell out of this country , but he d been away for less than an hour then immediately sent back .
he could do the deed from a distance and be out of the country before anyone realised what had happened .
this guy was the only way he was getting out of the country again .
he was usually in some other country .
often times he would be dropped into these countries under the cover of night , he could nt imagine a woman who would know this and not worry .
what better country to have in your back pocket than the united states of america .
these pages tell of fabians involvement as well as the involvement of many others around the country .
by tuesday morning taylor fabian would not only have the fbi looking for him , but paparazzi and journalists from all over the country .
throughout the house assassins and crooked business men from all over the country waited with taylor fabian .
at sixty - three , it would be difficult to find a family willing to take him on ; families here in the canadas typically wanted young and hearty servants - not the old and arthritic - as the work tended to be much more laborious than back in the old country .
dylan had asked after hearing his dad talk about the communists trying to take over the country .
and that s another good reason to leave this country !
if i do nt miss my guess , there are law enforcement officers all over this country who want you to come spend a little time with them .
i ve sent samples of them to probably every agent in the country and have gotten nothing but rejections .
we work hard to make this the safest damn city in this here country .
what if he fled the country ?
welcome to flavor country .
that country is so screwed up now .
let me see here an ex - girlfriend drives half way across the country and then calls at midnight asking to spend the night with you .
the ucla medical center , one of the top rated hospitals in the country , and therefore the world , was less than a mile from our apartment .
i heard from a mutual friend he had left the country .
i wrote the lsat and applied to all the law schools in the country .
it was the largest bank in the country , made billions of dollars , and yet invested almost none of that to its front - end employees .
i had worked for the number one bank in the country , had a great girlfriend , and lots of friends .
one of us would have to drop out of school and move across the country , and that just did nt seem realistic .
that will be someone elses smile now , someone who does not leave her to go to the other side of the country for three years .
the fact i was about to have a meeting with one of the most powerful people in the country probably was not helping any .
menendez helped , telling her , a man needs the right balance of solitude and family , and your fathers work in this country was his solitude .
what a wonderful country , she thought , able to hike into the rugged , mountainous highlands one day and the next day , explore the ocean .
making a detour for not more than a decade into the easter european countries like bulgaria or slovakia .
the population of india had in the meantime exceeded the three billion and the country literally was cracking under the pressure .
on the other side the country had been continuously beaten by natural disasters , famine and epidemics .
the new revolutionary , ultra - right guard that had seized power some years ago had rolled its muscle and threatened to invade the adjoining countries , both to east and west .
about fifty kilometres south of the place where the three countries meet : kenya , somalia and ethiopia .
alex pushed up the volume so that everyone could clearly understand what he was saying : from a trustworthy source we have been informed about the detailed invasion plans from india and china into their neighbouring countries .
the current leaders have realized that their country is rapidly silting away if it is only known for piracy or homicide by wandering gangs .
he relieved his predecessor who returned some days ago to his home country .
bullets have the tendency to disappear when coming into the country .
if you are really bold , your country .
i love my country , and i believe our problems should be resolved by the ballot box rather than the barrel of a gun , no matter who is elected .
marty , we have elections in this country .
it was nt until the surge that we were finally able to quell the resistance and bring about some order to that country .
right now our country is divided , and our military is exhausted .
that s how our country got started .
he d served his country honorably in vietnam fighting the communist threat ( yellow reds , he called them ) , only to come back and find them taking over the country he d fought to defend .
he d served his country honorably in vietnam fighting the communist threat ( yellow reds , he called them ) , only to come back and find them taking over the country he d fought to defend .
about getting our country back .
how about , now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country ?
now , how many of them do you think need to die so you can have the kind of country you think you want ? !
but you re right : i do want my country back .
all over this country .
this part of the country belonged to the oneidas , i think .
and what was this country , if it was nt a place where people could think differently ?
getting our country back ai nt some idle fantasy .
cause if we do nt , we ai nt gon na have a country to try to take back no more .
peters blog is our connection to the rest of the country .
it was something along the lines of his nathan hale fantasypreparing to give up our lives for the sake of our country .
seemed like the whole country was lit .
i remembered , when all the school shootings swept through the country , that i d been horrified and scaredwondering when some nutbag was gon na come into my classroom and start blasting away at us .
and once everyone realizes how much good came from it all , and how their son helped rescue this country from tyranny , they ll be honored for having raised such a fine , patriotic young man .
i mean , i ve heard of suicide by cop , but suicide by country ?
i do nt want the country .
that country you love , the one you write about so eloquently in your blog ?
when the country had at last thrown off the shackles of the soviet empire , her people had faced a tremendous struggle to assert their independence , to restore their pride , to be the free nation they had dreamed of all through the long communist night .
but they had a strong fighting spirit , and the drive to prove to the world that they could be a modern country , and one to envy .
and yet , night after night on these infernal tv shows , ordinary people from every city and town in the country , in the entire world , volunteer to be humiliated , to be ridiculed and disgraced , all for a chance to parade before the camera ? ''
collin was surprised by the thought of the girls being taken out of the country but it made sense .
in a foreign country the girls would be easier to control and the laws about genetically altering human embryos might not be so stringent or at least not vigorously enforced against an american company that appeared legitimate on the surface .
o.k . , but please do nt tell the maxwells that i ve left the country .
with the project moving out of the country and shelbys description of her involvement collin figured his assignment was coming to an end .
i laughed out loud when i realized that those types of places only existed in brochures describing working conditions in communist countries .
when he found out mickey only flew small quantities of weapons into the country as a front for bringing in the desperately needed medical supplies that were otherwise being blocked by both sides in the civil war , he hired mickey as his pilot .
of course , she could have gone anywhere in or out of the country .
but , the demand for energy is enormous , especially in this country .
we might be able to provide enough electricity with wind if we covered the country with windmills .
get out of our country !
this could be a trap designed to draw you out of the country , lepage said when he finally spoke .
merely a citizen concerned with the welfare of her adopted country , countess estampe replied , waving away levant 's question as if it were nothing more than a polite inquiry about the weather .
but , i m afraid you said yourself that you 're watching every port and rail car in the country , dupuy said .
when he himself is the senior member of the country 's oldest secret society .
intelligence officers in my home country detained a rogue german agent at the border with a satchel of explosive charges , she replied .
patrick made note of the curious tone in rousseaus voice , and he realized , somehow , that rousseau likely had chenal scouring the country for veronique .
the flowers he observed in the garden , the vegetables in the stew he subsisted on , and , most tellingly , the wine he was allotted twice each day were all recognizably from his native country .
so much for sleeping their way across the country .
as he spoke , she tried to place his home country without success .
men with longish black hair are not exactly a phenomenon in this part of the country .
the general public probably has no idea how many of them are operating in this country alone .
getting into the country is not as easy as it used to be , but you know as well as i do that money can make it easier .
i m open to that , but i d love to show you my country , or countries , as it were .
i m open to that , but i d love to show you my country , or countries , as it were .
they might move to a different country in south america , but maria had found higher paying and less dangerous jobs for them , jobs which were available to them now : and therefore their retirement from the cia was inevitable .
in a few days lothar got them out of the country .
apparently its all over the country .
how can it be all over the country ?
he wanted adams back before despatching sam on another tour of the country .
apparently he kept very irregular hours , travelled around the country a lot and did nt really have many visitors .
when i decided to see how my dad had served his country , by registering my interest in yemen , she just lost it completely and said i had deserted her .
this young man has lost both legs in the service of his country , and i would really like to speak with gerry to see if he has the time to visit alex blake .
it indicated he had nt yet left the country .
please remember that in my work as a field surgeon i am used to wiping my brow and glancing at a pile of limbs and body - parts which i have just taken from the endless stream of young people serving the needs of the country .
however , when we send the youth of our country to fight for causes with which troops find difficulty in absorbing , the least we can do is to provide the best possible equipment , and support for this group of volunteers , whose life expectancy is statistically the shortest of any comparable career sector in the land .
doug found out that no one knows , unless it happens to them , how they will react when they get the news that a loved one has been killed by enemy insurgents in a foreign country like iraq or afghanistan .
he desperately wanted and needed to believe his grandson had died for all the right reasons while serving his country in afghanistan .
( 1 ) the viet cong were villagers and other local people already in the country that was fighting alongside the north vietnamese soldiers .
doug knew down deep inside that he could nt control the fate of his grandson but he could nt stand the thought of losing him in some foreign country like iraq or afghanistan .
after breakfast he sat him down to find out what he knew about afghanistan and the people of that country .
* * * chapter 7 michaels in afghanistan afghanistan is a landlocked country in south west asia .
the country is divided from southeast to northwest by the hindu kush mountain , and ramir mountain ranges .
this was his country , the place he loved and he was nt going to let a radical muslim born american or some other radical foreign terrorist organization destroy or kill any more americans .
make them live in that country and once they ve given up their rights and freedoms then see how they feel about living in america .
he was stunned and angry when he learned that the radical islamic terrorist organizations were using america as one of the major countries to do their planning and training to spread terror throughout the world .
one local said , they are training for war , either for war here in this country or against our troops in iraq or afghanistan .
for the first time , the news media reported that people in the south and other parts of the united states were carrying signs that said , go home you muslim terrorists , get out of our country , and thank you american terrorist .
he thought why should we be fighting terrorism in afghanistan and other countries when we have our hands full right here in america ?
this is your country and you must continue to protect it so that it will always be free .
after the sheepskin , i shopped around and found the manhattan law firm that handled the biggest oil - field - service outfit in the country , then applied to that firm 's corporate department .
stern was an old , old friend , and a guy everybody in the country had probably heard of vaguely .
whereas ceramics kilns elsewhere in the country were narrow and high , tamba 's climbing - hill chambers were wide and low , thereby allowing the fire to touch the clay directly .
after what seemed half an hour of absolutely content - less oratory ( a japanese politician 's most respected skill ) on the subject of the country 's majestic imperial past , the pm finally stepped aside to allow a tall , strikingly handsome japanese man to approach the speaker 's podium .
in fact , looked at from the long view , you might even say he 's putting money into this country , never mind it 's just the wall street casino . ''
` ` because it 's time the world understood something very important about this country .
this is an old country .
it 's the country i ' m concerned about .
although the shogunate supposedly had been abolished when emperor meiji took control and opened japan in 1867 , toshi noda saw it restored with tojo , another ` ` shogun '' who had come along and isolated the country once again .
` ` that battle , richardson - san , between the heike and genji clans , was a turning point in the long history of our country ; it represented the rise to power of the warriors .
so much so that we have been the subject of a flurry of books in your country . ''
` ` matt , i 'd be tarred and feathered by every stockholder in the country . ''
she was , by god , going to get this country moving again .
backed by noda 's japanese billions , she was about to try and redeem this country 's future , leading us back to number one .
noda started with some malarkey about the great tradition of economic cooperation between our peoples , advanced to balderdash about japan 's desire to share her resources with the world 's less fortunate , then outdid himself with triple - distilled crapola about the timeless trust and regard his country 's ordinary citizens cherished in their hearts for our christian nation ( which had merely torch - bombed and nuked them a few decades past ) .
that bastard thinks this country 's for sale .
these days many thoughtful japanese were expressing open concern , even fear , over their country 's rising nationalism .
the latest school textbooks spoke glowingly of the country 's imperial traditions .
i mean , the goddam country is still feudal .
only problem is , all this demokurasu is sooner or later going to start cutting away the very thing that 's made japan so successfula country powered by obedient , collective action and glued together by hierarchy and tradition . ''
the meiji told the japanese that their country had accepted westernization .
` ` how could tsukuba science city even be part of the same country ? ''
things like the sword , which can cause this whole country to go crazy overnight . ''
` ` well , you ' ve learned enough about this country to be able to get your message across without actually spelling it out .
he exploited the fact i was part japanese , that i understand the potential this country has .
i ' ve seen enough to know we 'd damned sure better start taking this country back into our own hands one way or another . ''
` ` what we 're doing is , we 're pulling this country out of the shit .
` ` that 's the kind of thinking made this country what it is today , jim bob .
he wanted to see japan become the twenty - first century 's leader in space , and he wanted his country finally to realize its historic wartime objective : economic domination of the continent of asia , from siberia to malaysia , with freedom forever from the specter of energy and resource dependence .
joseph stalin , always paranoid , decided that the rocket researchers ' ` ` fireworks '' were ` ` dangerous to the country . ''
he grimaced to think how his country had been brought to today 's humiliating state of affairs , reduced to bargaining with foreigners like arabs in a medina .
perestroika is like a country where everyone is switching from driving on the left side to the right side - gradually .
` ` michael , this country is so poor , there 's nothing here for gangsters to steal . ''
nogami had brought in a crackerjack japanese team and dragged the bank kicking and screaming into the lucrative eurobond business , the issuing of corporate debentures in currencies other than that of a company 's home country .
the country would be rebuilt , and those builders would rule .
' bearer bonds ' always sell like hotcakes in high - tax locales like the benelux countries .
perestroika has plunged our country into chaos .
` ` there still are responsible people in the soviet union , dr . borodin , who believe our country is worth saving . ''
` ` japan already has dbs , direct broadcast satellites , and there are home satellite dishes all over the country .
but on the tenth i made the country of the lotus - eaters . ''
they wanted to impress you with how wonderful their country was , and they also wanted you to know that they were the biggest stud in all the land .
hansen 's father , joost , had been a young copenhagen college student in 1943 when the people of denmark one night heroically evacuated all the country 's jews to sweden , out of the looming grasp of the nazis .
` ` ed , i ' m staring down half the press in the country right now , as we speak .
` ` in the middle east proper , only one country presently has full capability .
it 's a muslim country , and their controls are a joke .
` ` long ago and in another country . ''
shireen , i must say , loves this country as much as i do .
although he worried about india 's growing nuclear capacities as much as the next pakistani , he still did not particularly like the idea of his country having its own secret nuclear program , developed in part to counter india 's .
but if you know what 's good for the army , and for the country , you 'll get in there and take down the place in a morning , neutralize the hostiles with extreme prejudice , and let the army write the headlines with a press release . ''
some countries were n't worth that much , for godsake .
castro may not be able to run a country for shit , but he can still make a half - decent cigar . ''
you ca nt just go around killing people in a foreign country .
as the spoiled children of your narcissistic country say .
do they even have an airport in this country ?
bewildered but in this country , sex is - legal .
angry at her imagined insult , angry at the adopted country that had no heart for him , angry at a world that lied about everything .
i tell every recruit i meet that its god first , then family , then country .
the government had found him an adoptive family , and his parents had left the country more than a decade earlier when they were in their late eighties .
my fathers role as a cipher of progress and unification in the commercial development of the old ottoman vilayets and provinces as our country grew to maturity was often placed at odds with his patriarchal responsibilities in our still stratified and divided ethnic melange .
how better to dispute the fundamental global inequalities that my country and my family were so redolent of than by choosing to study the history and the language of a basket - case philosophy , of a once great power gone to the dogs , namely the english ?
there are things of beauty , people of real worth and humanity in the country , but there is a black heart of misery as well .
since the war , since the collapse of the hanoverian unity , the country has ground to a halt .
i flicked through the lebanese airways magazine , marking an article on my country of destination for future reference by folding down the page corner .
odd to think that one of the first things i noticed about the differences between my lebanese home and my newly adopted country was central heating .
at times this little country has punched well above its weight , especially during the period of its great seafaring expeditions to the americas some three hundred years ago , but in recent years this same complex mix of racial and religious diversity has lead to fractures in the body politic of the country .
with the arrival of oil revenues , and the accompanying explosion of middle eastern economic aid and trade with the country , the english government was pumping money into education .
the country was , in simple terms , basically sound and these young people were not demons , were not the crazed gunmen of our newsreels .
similar scenes were shown to be taking place across the south - east of the country , in towns and cities throughout this densely packed island .
over the previous three decades , as wave after wave of civil conflict waxed and waned across england , as the hanoverians gradually lost control of the country amid a welter of ever more draconian restriction and retribution , the already run - down streets of the southern suburbs swelled with displaced people .
these tanks were still there and now , as fighting flared again , those government forces undertook surgical , battle - group strikes against insurgents in the south and west of the country and along the borders between the mainland ethnic divides .
the names of these groups , rooted in the psychology of the country and its latter day saints , roll off my tongue easily today ; grace , united peoples party , cruce signati , trinity coalition , dies irae and england forever .
we strolled , my mother , my father and i , through these close bound , noise filled lanes , surrounded by the amiably brash descendents of factions and sects , and the simple act of basic tolerance written through everyones lives made my home seem like a foreign country .
it struck me then that it would be so ironic to win a lifetimes supply of electrical goods in a country where the power browned - out more often than not .
i m just a student from a small country .
by triangulating the times and apparent directions of our transfers , and using menachems more detailed knowledge of the country , we decided that we must be somewhere to the west of london , probably the thames valley .
to me they were just names , but menachem had spent two years reporting on events in england prior to being taken hostage and he visited many of the cities and towns in this part of the country during that time .
i sort of see it now , you know , our people crawling all over your country .
we might all get away from this god - forsaken , basket - case of a country with our lives intact .
i was adamant that while it was true that the countrys history had been blighted by unrest in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , it was only then , when the empire fell and the new turkey rose from its ashes that the real decline had set in .
nothing ever works in this damned country .
thing is we do nt aim to get wasted in this god - awful country .
mothers and fathers had given up hope on seeing their sons alive again , convinced they had lost their lives fighting for their country far away , but they were alive and well .
if the war were to spread from country to country it would be impossible to stop , but if the battle were taken to the aliens right at the very start , there would be a good chance of victory .
if the war were to spread from country to country it would be impossible to stop , but if the battle were taken to the aliens right at the very start , there would be a good chance of victory .
all the different countries we ve visited while traveling around the world and living in fancy hotels .
its small towns like this that make our country great .
we have a lot of invaders coming into our country and into our small towns .
he asked his dad what country they had to fear .
his dad said it was nt another country , in fact he did nt give any answer out loud , he he just looked up .
the general knew something was more at stake then a threat from another country .
was it another country ?
he claimed that while in a far off country half way around the world he stumbled across a street dealer who s face was covered up and appeared to have red eyes hand him a map as he walked by .
they probably have meet up like this countless times , out here in small little towns across the country .
i ca nt take you out of the country while you re on felony probation so i made arrangements for you to live with your aunt betty and you can finish out the rest of your school year there in sonora .
he said he was going to be out of the country for a long while .
the limestone coral island of ambergris caye stretched along the coast of belize and paralleled the barrier reef of that small central american country .
there s no record of him entering into the country , he continued .
an arrowhead appeared tracing a path , westwards into the country of gabon , congo , equatorial guinea and ending in the atlantic ocean .
viktor was a post - perestroikabusinessman where inflation was higher in ukraine than in any country of the former ussr .
never before had any elected official in the state ( or maybe anywhere else in the country ) won an election by the margin sheriff james pruett defeated percy villines .
when whitefeather retired and moved to be close to his friend james pruett up in wyoming country , he also decided to give back to his heritage by forming the society of blackfeet warriors , a group of men aged seventeen to eighty - something who studied the old ways , met a few times a month to engage in activities from poetry readings to movie screenings .
if i were to take someone from outside the country out on a date it would probably be the obvious choice , since its the closest to a first - world kind of town you get around here .
together we defeated him and ended up sending the guy to jail for life as he was wanted all over three countries for many crimes that involved faking deaths of other people , as in more than one coffin of a person related to him was found all clawed up inside because the victim desperately tried to get out and died spending the little oxygen he or she had under seven feet of mud after the bastard drugged them to put them in a playing possum kind of state .
i have no illusions over the matter of what i do being evil , but to think that despite your actions you d walk away unharmed because of your familys influence while i , a plebeian , would rot in jail for what anyone with a brain would consider smaller penalties ... this is what is wrong with this country , no , this world .
it was the statement issued by the researcher , the cure had been found , cancer eradicated , forever , testing was still months away , yet the promise was there , the smile crossed his face , finally people could live in peace , months passed , and the test were carried on , first in rats , then in people , results were more than promising , people showed that it could be done , and the cure was working , the doctors involved , found themselves on the end of a very nice ovation , as the world had found its savior , from a killer , that had claimed so many , years passed , and soon the virus that cured cancer , became a vaccine , everyone was injected with it at birth , and within 3 decades the disease seemed , to be completely gone , the years ticked , and the first generation , of birth vaccines , found themselves getting older , and older , and soon , the first one falls , and finds themselves , at the hospital , the doctors are stunned , when they discover , that our fallen , is overcome with some kind of new , disease , unlike anything they had ever seen , it spread quickly , within 3 days of monitoring , he was dead , doctors were dumbfounded , then almost like a switch , more , within the first week 2,000 were confirmed dead , within a month 15,000 the first year saw 75,000 people die , doctors , the one 's lucky enough to not be dead , were still trying to study it , only to discover that they are fighting a war against themselves , a decade has passed , since the outbreak , and the death toll has surpassed 100 million , over a third of the population , brought to its knees , by their own miscalculations , the remaining , have fallen into a state of unrest , a state of unease , the government , gone , the streets , falling into civil war , the country sees itself , on the brink of extinction , another 2 decades fly by , or for others , it slowly crawls , as the agony tears them apart from the inside , they lose their wits , their brains , their faces , it all seems to melt away , by the end , another 1 and a half - million , dead , thousands left in the streets , and decaying , the entire country in chaos , other countries , did n't even care enough to , attempt to take over , what was left , was under a half million people , who were destined to be dead , 2 years later , the population ticked down , to 150,000 and the last 10 doctors , had finally learned , what was taking out people , a thousand at a time , the cure to cancer , from nearly 50 years ago , was the cause , they worked fast , and fought , and only hours after the build was finished , the last doctor laid on his death bed , his last statement , save the rest of us .
it was the statement issued by the researcher , the cure had been found , cancer eradicated , forever , testing was still months away , yet the promise was there , the smile crossed his face , finally people could live in peace , months passed , and the test were carried on , first in rats , then in people , results were more than promising , people showed that it could be done , and the cure was working , the doctors involved , found themselves on the end of a very nice ovation , as the world had found its savior , from a killer , that had claimed so many , years passed , and soon the virus that cured cancer , became a vaccine , everyone was injected with it at birth , and within 3 decades the disease seemed , to be completely gone , the years ticked , and the first generation , of birth vaccines , found themselves getting older , and older , and soon , the first one falls , and finds themselves , at the hospital , the doctors are stunned , when they discover , that our fallen , is overcome with some kind of new , disease , unlike anything they had ever seen , it spread quickly , within 3 days of monitoring , he was dead , doctors were dumbfounded , then almost like a switch , more , within the first week 2,000 were confirmed dead , within a month 15,000 the first year saw 75,000 people die , doctors , the one 's lucky enough to not be dead , were still trying to study it , only to discover that they are fighting a war against themselves , a decade has passed , since the outbreak , and the death toll has surpassed 100 million , over a third of the population , brought to its knees , by their own miscalculations , the remaining , have fallen into a state of unrest , a state of unease , the government , gone , the streets , falling into civil war , the country sees itself , on the brink of extinction , another 2 decades fly by , or for others , it slowly crawls , as the agony tears them apart from the inside , they lose their wits , their brains , their faces , it all seems to melt away , by the end , another 1 and a half - million , dead , thousands left in the streets , and decaying , the entire country in chaos , other countries , did n't even care enough to , attempt to take over , what was left , was under a half million people , who were destined to be dead , 2 years later , the population ticked down , to 150,000 and the last 10 doctors , had finally learned , what was taking out people , a thousand at a time , the cure to cancer , from nearly 50 years ago , was the cause , they worked fast , and fought , and only hours after the build was finished , the last doctor laid on his death bed , his last statement , save the rest of us .
as he flat lines , they rush out the vaccine , the records show , that when it was all said and done , that only 20,000 people remained , in the entire country , the graves were so large , they did n't even get marked , the world is in chaos but slowly , working it 's way back to it 's former self , maybe one day the kids can be happy , that life as they know it wo n't be over , then again there 's always , another plague , waiting to devour us , right around the corner pain he wonders if he 'll ever be okay , inside he knows the truth , but he 'll never speak it , never , it would make him give up all the hope , that he 's held onto for so long , and then what would he have , nothing left in himself but thoughtless words , of quacks and psycho - florescent screwballs , they all know there 's something there , something wrong , but nobody wants to take a look at the bigger picture , and why , because no one gives a damn enough , finally it all begins , to torture his soul , just enough , to become a black cloud , on an already sunless day , he does n't know , exactly how to try and put it , into perspective , for people to understand , what it 's like to live like this , like there 's nothing worth fighting for , because all fighting will do is take out , the power you still hold , but he knows , exactly what its like , and he 's tired of trying to help people understand , that he does n't need them , why need someone when they wo n't be there for you , he understands this , as the tears fall , the days become longer for him , as he slowly starts to fall apart , he knows he does n't have the world , left in front of him , the way that he used to , the moving becomes slower , more difficult , life 's easiest tasks , become the stuff of torture , he does n't care , what he has to do , he wants it all to end , then he sees the faces of his family , around him , and he realizes that he does n't , want to let go , but he knows that it 's the only way , to be able to escape this hell , that life has created for him , he sits home at night , and contemplates his options , but there 's only one real answer , that doorway , the doorway , the one opened to him through medicine , that 's all the stuff really did , and he knows that , he saw the world that could be opened to him , through stepping off the edge , the rain begins to fall down around him , everyone 's left for the day , to different places , no one knows what he 's planning , but he does n't care , he likes it that way , he 'll go out of this world , just as quickly , as he came into it , he finds his gun , sitting on the headboard , and checks to see if it 's loaded , sure enough it has to be , he steps back , and tells the world goodbye , with the pop of the shell , he lets himself fall to the floor , bloody , and dying , he clinches his fist , and breathes in his last breath , slowly watching , the world go down around him , taking in the finality , of the world , that he 's just left , saying goodbye to his family , to all his friends , to his child , to his mother , to all those that were there , but he realizes , almost instantly , that the pain , is leaving his body , and that 's enough gratification , of it all , he realizes that he made the right decision , at least in his eyes , as he feels his body begin to free up , and he says to himself , it 's good to be free , though he knows his family will never understand , he made the right decision for him , and for that he 's grateful to himself , for being able to say goodbye to a world , that locked him prisoner within his own body , and say hello to a world that welcomes him , pain free , the only problem , is that this world , is a little hotter than the one he left behind , the 7th circle railway small towns have secrets .
they went on holidays to exotic countries and he went to the very best school money could afford .
i was pretty excited to be leaving the country behind for a while .
now everyone was scattered across the country and we rarely got together any more .
by tomorrow night ill be out of the country they ll never find me .
during the weeks of training , when i was few more than a pup , it often brought me to play in the country .
shortly they became some kinds of immense countries of the toys for ants .
he has in his possession a passport and the means to leave not only the state but also the country .
he and his grandmother traveled the country after that moving from tattoo parlor to tattoo parlor .
tell me something about your country .
slovenia is the most beautiful country in the world .
a popular saying among people interested in international affairs is , every country has an army , the pakistani army has a country .
in early 2010 , pakistan allowed china to start building a massive network of roads , railway tracks and pipelines through the region connecting the two countries .
he went on to announce the imposition of martial law , postponing of elections pending better security conditions and his appointment as the country 's military ruler until such conditions were achieved .
i control the whole country , i control the americans .
you might wear the stars , but its us who control everything in this country .
at such a time these unprovoked attacks on india by pakistani army seem nothing more than a ploy to distract the attention from real issues plaguing the country .
issuing a strong statement , pakistani officials claimed that the pakistani citizens would defend the sovereignty of their country to the last of their breath and would not bend due to external pressure .
news of the country 's pm collapsing on hearing such news , even of this magnitude would ' ve been really bad for morale .
even as i speak , our enemies are preparing for more attacks on our country and our loved ones .
loyalties of numerous paki army officers had been bought earlier without anybody being wiser and chinese faced no opposition while they took a pakistani general hostage inside his own country .
wangdak , as he was formally named , spent first few years of his childhood helping his struggling family survive the new life in a strange country .
as such , even though the islands which are next to useless by themselves , are priceless pieces of real estate hotly contested by all the surrounding countries .
neither of the other stake holders in spartly islands , philippines , vietnam or brunei had ever approved of chinese tactics in what each country considered its own backyard .
for a country like afghanistan it was like manna from heaven and nobody except the archaeological community and americans was really complaining .
but the mining job one of very few paying jobs in the country and he swallowed his pride and controlled his steadily rising anger , he is my only surviving brother .
1155 hours 4 november 2012 ppc international news in a further body blow to pakistan , senior most leader of baloch nationalist liberation front , gaffar khan has declared balochistan as an independent country .
appearing in a televised press conference in switzerland , he declared pakistan as a dead entity and while proclaiming balochistan province as an independent country .
from now on balochistan is an independent sovereign country free of paki tyranny .
there has been no reaction from pakistan as yet as the country is without any semblance of governance after retaliatory indian nuclear strikes .
kwasi is entertaining some dignitaries from some country - i do nt even know where from but lately , there s been a steady stream of all kinds of people .
hey , you re laughing at indigenous african medicine known to have cured thousands if not millions of people in the mother country for as long as people have walked the earth !
coming from a country where you do nt need a prescription for antibiotics you can just get them from a street hawker and also tell them how many pills you want i would nt trust any unlabeled concoction within a mile of my body !
the ghana government in 1969 issued what they called the aliens compliance order of 1969 requiring all foreign traders to leave the country .
gerry was canadian and in ghana on a crida funded project , monitoring schooling for girls as the country tried desperately to reach the millennium development goals set forth by the un general assembly at the turn of the millennium .
he sat down without a word since one of his training manuals had asked him to quietly assess situations before taking any action in a foreign country .
another part realized he was in a foreign country and needed to play their gamesafely .
my wife is african - american so it was nt easy to just pack up and say hey , were moving back to my country you know ?
maggie could definitely run a country .
he had never met these people , had never spoken to them , had never even lived in any country that was arab except as an american envoy and yet he found that this bit of information seemed far more important than his ability to strategize on americas foreign policy .
with tensions running high in the country and talk of some sort of american conspiracy , i m not surprised he is fuelling the fire of speculationthats what he does best .
mama kate that s my mothers name was eager for me to do something different and shed heard the chinese were beginning to make inroads into our country ; perhaps this could be my lucky break .
he was hoping for a posting closer to home but dreaded the thought of it being any of the unstable countries that shared ghanas borders .
jason was bundled into the back of an army jeep and quietly sat with his cuffed hands in his lap , looking out the window and wondering what the hell had gone wrong with his new country .
we are experiencing a crisis in the country and are currently unable to take personal calls .
several of these suspected insurgents have been tied to foreign governments and oil companies and as such , the country of ghana is refusing to let anyone leave the country .
several of these suspected insurgents have been tied to foreign governments and oil companies and as such , the country of ghana is refusing to let anyone leave the country .
although the crisis in ghana seemed to have calmed down , they still had a tough time leaving the country .
as we speak , ghana has halted all further exploration until a time that we can almost safely be assured of protecting our citizens from dubious interests in and out of the country .
this is nt the country i came to just two years ago !
the soldier watched the poor man as he struggled to find words to describe the sadness he felt at his inability to protect the people he cared about , a country he had grown to love and possibly the plight of humanity in the midst of oil greed .
we also lament what is happening to our country mr . arthur - beck , most likely more than you .
ca nt a friend just want to see a friend he has nt seen for a while because said friend moved out of the country ?
you know as well as i do no one else , probably in the whole country , has your special abilities to ferret out crime .
canary corners seemed to be like thousands of other small towns across the country .
when you have the money and you re out of the country send me a postcard , general delivery , santa monica , and tell me the good news . ''
` ` that as soon as i get the disks and you get the money , you both leave the country . ''
i am to fly you out of the country . ''
they looked back to see the land receding away , where all across the country , the people slept .
claw , i ve heard of an awful lot of the artists working in this country .
you know , papa , now henri is gone , i do nt think i want to stay in this country any longer .
one hears so many rumours of discontent spreading around the country .
pierre was therefore able to keep track of events in lyon and the rest of the country .
you chose to remain here in the safety of this city in another country .
johanne , we have got to get you out of the country .
back to your own country , perhaps .
its a spectacular part of the country .
she had never understood why shed been spared ; why shed been whisked away , tied up , bundled into a cart under a pile of blankets and transported miles across the country .
i do nt understand the system in your country .
and now you ve signed the official secrets act , you would not be able to tell them anything about what has gone on today , nor indeed anything about your father , not if you want to return to this country at any time .
you ll have the prettiest table in the country if not in the whole world .
i want you to see why i fell in love with my adopted country .
he knew johnny would be out of the country for a while on his honeymoon .
the anchors predicted more rain in the intermountain area , though much of the rest of the country would remain dryer than usual .
ill need the money to get out of the country .
all he had to do was take the money , collect his family and get the hell out of the country .
the womans voice carried a hint of the orient and as she hurried back behind the counter to plate up the toasted sandwich , karla day - dreamed about which country the woman might be from .
i started to feel good about this deployment and somewhat excited about seeing another foreign country besides okinawa , japan .
on 26 january 1991 , barre fled the country amidst the heavy militia fighting .
tuberculosis , leprosy , malaria , sexually transmitted diseases and parasitic infections plagued the country .
i do not know whatever became of the incident , but the sergeant was shipped back to his home country a week later .
some of them feel like prisoners in their own country and they are disgruntled .
chapter 24 : mogadishu , somalia : no sex in theatre 4 january 1993 prior to our deployment , we were given the standard brief on the potential for stds in a foreign country .
since she was the only service member whose spouse was in country , granderson was issued a sex - chit .
khat is illegal in your country , but it is legal in somalia .
his father liked to pretend that the fells could be threatening , but the boy knew that in fact this was a tamed country .
ali abbas had seen nothing quite like it before arriving in this country .
when they had to leave home and come to england , everything they had was left behind , but even so they had been happy for a while ; relieved to escape the african madness and grateful that the home country had honoured the promise stamped on their british passports ( his father had never doubted it ) .
it was assumed that they had arrived from pakistan , a country they only knew about as a name on a map , and that the family was in receipt of large , unspecified handouts from the state .
its an exhausted country .
they are the ones who are able to help make the country wealthy .
what i do know , what seems to be the case in this country ; is that the working man has given up and decided he prefers to be told what to do .
our lives , the country , maybe the world .
-well you talk as if wales was an occupied country , so i m surprised to hear that your sympathies are with the empire .
you know those argentine generals just want to fight someone to divert attention from the mess they made of their country .
the morning nationals went to press later ; their banner headlines announcing what the country already knew from its tv and radio ; that the cruiser belgrano had been sunk by an english submarine with the loss of around one thousand argentine sailors .
exporting to every country : finest products in the world .
when it had happened before , the country had ground to a halt , and the government had fallen .
the country anticipated an epic struggle , of historic significance , and as such it was a story that the examiner would normally ignore .
chapter five it was a hot country in a dry season .
here on the outskirts , the surface was a little better , outside of the rainy season , but there was still the occasional reminder of the violence that was tearing the country apart .
i have no authority to help anyone else to leave the country .
and then for the president to leave the country when he did , only to attend another of those idiotic conferences of african leaders that they all love so much ; that cost a fortune and never achieve anything .
in this country the odds generally favour the rebels rather than the incumbents .
-we are inventors and innovators of the world in this country matt .
everyone was there ; the whole gang from all the countries of the north .
it was just the beginning then , and he supposed that things got worse later , but in the capital you would not have known there was famine threatening the country .
in any case the land was overpopulated and with modern farming methods the country did not need so many peasants .
he d taken rays advice to the extent of getting out of the country .
most of the equipment we need is designed in this country anyway .
according to derek , it was just a few people and the police could easily take every burglar in the country off the street in a week ; except there would be no point because the lawyers and the court system would put them back on the street the week after .
you remember , perhaps , in my country el teniente coronel tejero , of the guardia civil ?
england is an old tired country and here you believe in nothing , and that nothing will change .
but spain is an even older country , much older in many ways , and we know that this is not so .
followed someone to another country just to be near them .
david wants to run the country one day .
albert had been out of the country for months and hawkins had not seen or heard from him .
-its worked before in this country .
he loved this country .
-hello again mitchell , good to see the face of another englishman in this country .
places like this were springing up all over the country .
its the same basic idea , i m afraid , the country descends into violence and chaos and then the strong men step in .
so they can pretend they re in the country ?
its a free country and i m a free citizen .
solly martins had been right all along about khalid having a bolthole to move the goods to ; except that it was nt at the other end of the country , and nobody needed to load any lorries at midnight .
the disease is so unpredictable that the united states prevents the importing of any beef from a country that had even one case of foot - and - mouth disease .
the zimbabwean situation is complicated by the fact that the president of zimbabwe , bobby ebagum , has been reluctant to have un operations in the country within the first place .
for the past several years there have been tensions in the country as the un increased operations to help out the poor , and some suspected , neglected population of the country .
for the past several years there have been tensions in the country as the un increased operations to help out the poor , and some suspected , neglected population of the country .
while the country has had elections every four years , ebagum has been the victor in every single election for over 5 terms now , leading some to speculate that elections are fraud .
although once again , the countrys administration is getting in the way of united nations aid programs to the people of his country .
a small , monsoon - riden country in southeast asia , bangladesh had as severe food shortages as any country in the third world .
a small , monsoon - riden country in southeast asia , bangladesh had as severe food shortages as any country in the third world .
and in addition , over 40 % of the country lives in poverty .
the rest of the shipments went to market two days ago around the rest of the country ; or as you said idaho .
actually you should prevent food from going in and out of the country in general , at least from california .
in addition to the un response , the home country 's embassy of the kidnapped victims would also try to establish contact with the kidnappers to make terms .
the place is rather arid here in the north , but since it is spreading it could harm the southern regions of the country if it gets that far .
due to chinas increasing demand for more food and better quality food in the last decade , the country has resorted to importing food in order to support local food production , which is not enough to meet demand .
most of the country was devoid of earthworms at this point , the only areas that did not have large scale die - outs of the annelids were some of the northern , dry , desert regions of the country by the texan border .
most of the country was devoid of earthworms at this point , the only areas that did not have large scale die - outs of the annelids were some of the northern , dry , desert regions of the country by the texan border .
the rest of the country had fully experienced the shock and awe of the epizootic as it plowed south along the country during that week .
by this point nearly all the earthworms in mexico north to south were dead , and many farmers and rural residents were harboring suspicions that the officials reasons for the epizootic plaguing the country were not the same as the reasons given on the news .
let 's assume for a moment that everything you say is true- and i know you are an expert in you field , which is why i say that- it will totally disrupt the entire cycle of farming in the country , which is strongly seasonally dependent . ''
in the beginning of october , when the summer monsoon season is subsiding and a mild winter is moving in , the country 's tropical humidity never ceases .
dhaka , located in the geographic center of bangladesh , is the most developed part of the country , which is plagued by numerous environmental , population , and infrastructural problems .
we should use it to get prepared , and get the country ready . ''
problem is the river is behind dhaka and half the country . ''
the route would cut through the eastern section of the main part of the country , encompassing the cities of lakshan and comila as it cut northwards through dense alluvial jungle towards the himalaya mountain range .
there is no doubt , however , that the requirements of his post , as outlined by manjak himself , makes it mohammed 's job to have good relations with the ministries in his country .
so a mass exodus of over ten million people began , starting another major congestion on the country 's roads which were already incapable of handling the traffic required of them .
many of the travelers had nowhere to go , no family or relatives in the west of the country ; no friends who could physically take more people into their homes .
` ` it seems that you are interested in using our capacity to feed over three times our own country 's population , and using it to as leverage , dr .
regardless of the poking around the fbi would likely do today amongst the scientists , mccarthy was forced to wonder why two of the best scientists in the country were ordered arrested , and what it might have to do with the secretive agendas and desires of individuals at nbacc and in washington .
he never figured what country exactly she was from , but assumed russia as well .
two countries in africa were in the process of splitting in two , while south africa had erupted in a wave of violence that left a weak government barely in control of the country .
two countries in africa were in the process of splitting in two , while south africa had erupted in a wave of violence that left a weak government barely in control of the country .
you have to feel better grandmother.-chrissy looked at johnny and he nodded and smiled.- in seven or eight months we may need a baby sitter and we knew we could depend on you , great - grandma.-they had nt decided exactly when they would tell her but they wanted to do it together and since they were both there , they thought that particular time was as good as any.-they did nt think it would over - excite her but it might give her something positive to focus on rather than just being concerned about her own health.-chrissy was beaming and johnny looked as proud as if he were the only expectant father in the country .
hamburgers and hot dogs sound fine , but there s something i m thinking about doing if you like the idea.-id like to set a big flag pole in the front yard.-the twins do seem to be getting into this patriotic thing and i think we should encourage it.-i do nt think there s enough flag - waving , anthem - singing and i- love - my - country stuff going around.-what do you think ? -we can put lights on it so we do nt need to worry about taking it down and putting it back up and all that .
were you killed or murdered/ were you born here in this country ?
were you born in this country ?
we ninja make a promise to serve and protect our masters , our people and our country .
let the battle commence between two of our homegrown fighters from this great country , the united states of america .
a veteran of the cold war , he had completed tours of duty in several eastern bloc and southeast asian countries before finally succumbing to the lure of a stable desk job .
look , kurt continued , i have to leave the country .
i was out of the country .
china , pakistan , india , and countless other small countries had exploded onto the international stage during the long hibernation of the russian bear , and they were far more nimble than russia could ever hope to be .
they re leaving the country .
it was an automated message from the rapier system : 2012 mini cooper color : green country of origin : uk registered owner : amanda carter location : calais , france she picked up her phone and dialed jack .
all we need to do is bribe the right people as we enter the country , and well slip right through .
with one blast , they were going to eject russia from the world stage forever ; reduce them to a middling third world country , where they belonged .
this countrys gone frigging loopy , she snorted , a cigarette dangling from her bright orange lips .
truelle always felt more connected to the country at large than locally , possibly through having graduated from cornell and spent his first eight years of practice in new york .
no address , town or even a country ?
the buildings were ghosts , reminders of what the city , the country , was going through just twenty years ago .
seth said ` ` you think he 's heading out of the country ? ''
turns out one of the best surgeons for gun shot wounds in the country just happened to be around when you coasted in .
most large countries have national observatories like in the united states i 'd like to visit one in washington .
disappear , get out of the country .
he hoped they thought it was just a missed opportunity and they would nt frame a federal charge to get the fbi and every other law enforcement agency in the country looking for him .
they had been briefed about the plot to spread a genetically engineered virus that would make ebola look like the sniffles , and every one of them was cocked and locked , burning with eagerness to take down the enemies of their country , their families , and their way of life .
his ultimate aim was to become involved with one of the cartels in the north of the country whose singular source of revenue was the us of a .
every day the bad guys seem to find a new way of getting the stuff into the country . ''
` ` from what you ' ve told me terry ... ... . callahan 's not working on his own ... .. we do n't even know whether he 's in this country or not for crying out loud .
the difficult part is that there 's no record of either a callahan or an o'brian entering the country so they ' ve obviously got new identities .
of course the plane will be easy to trace and i came into the country using my own passport . ''
it just seems that someone is developing a network very quickly and we ' ve no bloody idea how it 's getting into the country , right now flaherty 's the key . ''
` ` ok ... i hear what you 're saying , connie , '' said rick who had been quiet until now , ` ` as i see it the objective is not to turn over a wasps nest and then try to fight our way out , '' he steepled his hands and looked over them at robbie , ` ` we need to be able to get in as quietly as possible , get the information we need and get out without alarming the whole bloody country .
everything is in place to get us out of the country in a hurry but you can bail right now if you choose ... .it 's your choice and no one will hold it against you . ''
we had to get everyone out of the country in a hurry .
` ` the other side of the country , '' said paco , ` ` we have about a twelve hour drive , that 's why we needed the head start .
there is absolutely no sign of callahan or some of his closer associates , of course they might have slipped out of the country and then , of course , they might not . ''
ill start it at the close of this entry and will probably find out what those reasons were , as well as enrich my mind on how one man could possibly control a whole country of soldiers , and turn them against a whole group of people .
these candidates , upon accepting an offer to serve queen and country , are sent to a spy school .
all agent 2c knew about the target was that he had been on the most wanted list in 12 countries for the past 8 years .
over the past 5 years , despite moving through 3 schools in just as many countries , simon had become a fit athlete who was unbeaten in all of his sporting pursuits .
for queen and country sir !
are you saying that simon finding accommodation with a highly skilled pensioner in a country where he has never been , where he knows nobody , was planning and not coincidence ?
so , still working for queen and country ?
you 're going to be in one of the worst prisons in the country .
the sprawling facility , considered one of the best in the country , trained officers from throughout the state .
hopefully , he was not as well known in sweden , the country he had been in exile from almost all his life but where he still had his roots .
i ' m just a poor wayfaring stranger while traveling through this world below there 's no sickness , no toil nor danger in that bright country to which i 'll go the show kicked off .
although the murder was done outside vienna they went through hotel records at the time of the crime in the city , parking violations and traffic crimes around the country .
held a speech and praised the country 's development .
you ' ve seen the sort of thing they ' ve sprung up all over the country like mushrooms over the last few decades .
anything to dull the misery of working in this wretched rain - soaked country .
it really is as flat and featureless as the low countries .
visitors not even making it out of a provincial airport before being killed in our increasingly violent country ?
as for you : get out of the country for a while .
there were men there from birmingham , leicester ; hell from all over the country and as far away as scotland .
this is my account of the darkest days in our country 's history and how the resistance began .
the entire country is under attack !
they ' ve got maps of every national forest in the country and what looks like six months worth of freeze - dried food . ''
nyc , home to the largest police force in the country , was doing well containing the chinese at the airports .
` ` so it is , '' i said looking up , the screen was filled with images of fighting from all over the country .
let me record an interview and i can get it out online , i have contacts all over the country and in europe and asia , we can make this go viral .
` ` nah , more likely too much wind to apply that shit they used on the army all over the country '' he said .
without a doubt , we must take back our country , '' i said ` ` and after that , the homes of our allies as well .
i knew that now , not only jesse and liz , but the rest of the country as well would counting on me to stay alive .
some of the tallest mountains in the country were here as well .
the heat in the northwest is no where near as bad as other places in the country , like the gulf coast where the humidity is unbearable .
these trees were here before americans even knew this land existed and were still standing as our country fell into ruin .
jeanine said , ` ` he hated how the country was turning into one giant suburb where every house was exactly the same .
seattle boasted some of the finest philosophers and musicians our country had known over the last half century .
` ` well , i m not every tom , dick and harry , '' he said snidely , ` ` i am a highly decorated superior officer asking a brash young man what he 's willing to do for his country . ''
` ` my country ? ''
` ` take a god damn look at what i have sacrificed for this country .
i have bled for this country more than any man could bear .
you are going to make damn sure our entire fucking country is under chinese rule because you want to fight ! ''
` ` i may be a nobody in your jaded eyes , but i have given everything to save this country , and i will not lay down , i will not cower in the face of my enemy as you do !
` ` the only person in this entire country who will question his orders are myself . ''
all over the country , those who could n't stray far started reporting to military bases for training .
there was a good passport , credit card and driving licence ; even a health visa to prove that green had taken the vaccinations he might need to travel between the countries he d be visiting .
the boy was worth his pay out in the country but he needed more experience in managing the tourists .
now they were starting to fill this country with rules and regulations the same as everywhere else .
it seemed that he knew the country well enough , but he did nt hide his impatience with people .
probably he d lost the family farm through some misadventure and after that he was reduced to running tours on a shoestring as the only alternative to leaving his beloved country .
and i think looking at the country through a lens can get in the way of experiencing it fully .
without the white mans presence , he told don , this great country would decline to the state of savagery that had existed before their coming .
both his parents were churchgoers , but maybe even more important than going to church was the sincere belief in a god given divine mission of the kriegmans and their people to deliver their country from the twin evils of a black ascendancy and the wicked communists who would be the harbingers of that apocalypse .
almost no - one wanted to leave , because if you leave your own country , what are you ?
in fact , kriegman did nt even think much of other south africans , despite south africa being the greatest country on earth .
look at the mess they d made in their own beautiful country : the blacks in charge now , spoiling things even more than the whites had done before them .
for sure he was a creature of the country of his birth .
did nt she know anything about the violence in this country ?
where could he hide in a country like this ?
green drew a line at shorts , seeing no reason to make himself appear ridiculous just because he was in a different country .
this was a country where time moved differently and it was more important that things should be done right first time than that they should be done as quickly as possible .
but that s my country , you know .
people in this country know how to keep a good edge on a blade , he thought , approvingly .
kriegman told them something more about the country they had been travelling through and what they could expect to see further on .
they would make good time from here on , kriegman told them , even if the country was empty .
she felt happier in this country , even with nothing happening and a certain amount of physical discomfort , than she would have been at home with all her possessions around her .
but what had seemed clear when they were only talking about it was nt so obvious once the land cruiser was out of sight behind ; and they had started to feel how big and empty was the country before them .
crazy people believe they can do anything ; and he does nt know this country any better than we do .
in this country , the termite mounds were everywhere that the water table was nt so deep that even these tenacious creatures could nt dig down to it .
they were losing the ability to think clearly through tiredness and anxiety and whatever the country was doing to them that was slowly killing each of them .
you know this is the country where the main river never reaches the sea .
unless travelling through this country became even slower than it had been for the last two days , green was confident that he would intercept the party before they got much further .
but it was more difficult to travel alone on foot in this country than he had imagined .
the map suggested that the road leading away from the site was not so difficult to drive and he d noticed that no one in this country worried too much about security .
* * * following the tracks of the crash survivors , green had come to two conclusions : the first was that whoever was out there was not at home in this country .
clearly , the last group was either lost or following the others as the best way they could think of to get out of this country .
either of them would know sensible ways to get out of this country , so it followed that neither of them was with the survivors .
most likely he d show up in a few days having being in a completely different part of the country just because the mood had taken him that way .
he d unconsciously assumed that the country was as wild and unpoliced as it appeared .
* * * while julian bowen was doing his best to avoid being rescued , stephen green was driving through a different part of the country trying to catch up with jonathan bloom and the survivors of the truck wreck that he d found earlier .
this country had seemed like a place where everything was possible .
therefore it was essential that before things unravelled completely , he should be off the scene , in some place where he could remain anonymous ; a place where he could rely on the extra false papers he d brought with him until it was safe to leave the country with a new identity .
the impala were more numerous in the country they were passing through now and there were always a few solitary grazers .
it was strangely difficult to hide anything properly in this country .
at any moment he expected to see a figure climb down from the truck and begin to walk across to him , with that slow confident swagger that law enforcement in any country used .
there were tiny airstrips all over this country where you d be able to charter a flight to anywhere in range of a light aircraft , probably with no questions asked if you were generous enough .
if she had heard from any police department from any other european country .
they thought they knew , the obelisks were from the old country .
bellarmine formulated a few short sentences for what he intended to do in a book that was separate from his notebook where he had all his beautiful images of thoth fraternitatis and one of the largest collections of the pagan art which originated from the old country .
a squad that did not exist in all countries but was need in a country like italy , which had huge art treasures .
* * * the old country has more dead than alive , and the wisdom mere gods eyes see , their sight is hidden in the sacred characters .
mcbride guessed the italian proprietor had set up in england because there was less competition than in his own country .
it lets you go and study at a school in a foreign country .
` ` study in a foreign country ?
he said he did n't want me leaving the country until everything checked out .
that makes it even easier to get them out of the country . ''
if you release me , i will help you find refuge in this country .
i know that in this country you could find happiness and freedom from your old way of life .
it was common knowledge that shed been the leader of a ballet troupe that was touring the country when she got pregnant with silas , forcing her to leave the production and give the starring role to her understudy .
those people were scattered all over the country in twenty - eight states to date , from california to new york , and from minnesota to texas .
her fingers reach for the words of that day 's front page splash ; a round up of sporadic riots across the country tacked onto a minor local skirmish that may or may not have had something to do with the sun .
friday night and half the country is full of stoners gagging for a spliff .
its a good one , one of the best in the country .
first we 'll talk the son and parents of matthew mcburrows , an owner of the top logging company in the country who just last year i spoke to during a protest happening in front of his head office .
it was supposed to be the best in the country .
maybe if yo crazy ass went to see somebody about yo issues you could learn to stay in one place and quit bouncin all over the country from pillar to post !
there was a picture on it of some village in a third world country .
in a small east texas town , as in any around the country where little happened of real importance , gossip and sensationalism were the order of the day .
there are other countries of central and south america with animals that have been killed in the same manner as this bull . ''
it has spread to my country and others .
lifelong friends , no doubt , probably coming to this country together at least a quarter century ago to settle , for whatever reason , into a life of quiet solitude in east texas .
they had apparently not yet contacted mr . sommers , as prevalent as cell telephones were in most other parts of the country .
he was the grandson of a career military man and a jacobs family heritage of serving their country back to the battle of 1812 when his french ancestors first defected to the american cause .
if mexicans enter the country legally , they have a right to be here .
they served their purpose and their country , well enough .
the eldest child of a career naval officer , he attended 9 schools in 12 years , as they moved about the country .
dreams remained in their planning stage , even as graduates across the country made their way home , with hopes of a brighter future , another chapter of life over and done with .
kindred123 : too long , they have taken our money , stolen our country from us .
while the rest of the country rots , while unemployment goes rocketing , while the icecaps melt and polar bears slowly drown , while corporations dump their stink into our water and our children , and the rest of the world starves , angry jonny is the revolution .
thought the whole country was .
they re out of the country at the moment .
well , i do nt know what kind of training dr granger had , or what he spoke to jenny about in order to doubt his initial diagnosis , but in my professional opinion , and i have a degree from one of the finest universities in the country , she is certainly not what i would call mentally healthy .
* the next morning fresh piles of the daily news are distributed around the country .
what s your plan , run off to another country under an alias ?
the best psychologist in the country has sworn that i am mentally unhealthy .
they have the best doctors in this country , how can anybody possibly fool them into thinking that they are insane ?
they re supposed to have some of the best doctors in the country working here which is why they have some exceptionally disturbed patients .
they would nt be seen in a restaurant that had been open for more than six months , and that served cuisine from any country where most of the inhabitants were shod most of the time .
this added up to something like 300 bucks a day for every person on the planet , including joshs aunt rose , all those squalling newborns in third world countries , the entire roster of the dallas cowboys cheerleaders - everybody .
while the famous toledo mud hens had the favorite team name of sports fans across the country , val preferred the 1950s triple - a edition : the glass sox .
in each case young toledoans were trained to recite the mantra one of the best in the country at the least provocation .
once he had traveled to morocco , to interview a deposed dictator from a country in central africa .
he told schneider many , many things about the finances of his country and of his family .
we suspect that he has left the country .
he was now deputy director of the project to build an 800 - mile long rail system to connect the two major population centers of the countrys largest state , a state that felt like , and sometimes acted like , a country unto itself .
it was a position with prestige , his new line was that he was building the most ambitious infrastructure project the country had ever known .
we do it as a state with 38 million souls ; as a country with 340 million ; and as a planet with seven billion .
three massive jumbo jets , flying from washington d.c . , clear across the country , with a staff numbering in the hundreds , all for a photo op .
chapter six the country was in the closing days of a hard fought , bitter election .
so great was the preoccupation , and the perceived gains and losses on both sides , that at times it seemed it would bring the country to a standstill .
and even though the privately owned railroad was charging an arm and a leg for the rights to use their easements , easements that had been granted to them for nothing by the good people of california a century and a half earlier , it was still cheaper than condemning some of the priciest real estate in the country , to move the terminal five miles to the east and ten miles south of the original plan .
have fun , remember this is a different country , different rules , and you can get into a boatload of trouble if you do nt watch out .
actually it is nt , have nt been out of the country in ages .
bob quickly realized his mistake , remembering he was now in a left - hand drive country .
he figured that sabrina no longer had any need for the money , and he just might need it to secure his flight from the country , so he started stuffing them into his blazer pockets , then his pants pockets .
whereas before he would try and get out of the country ahead of schedule , he now had to escape japan , fleeing not as a protected person , but as a fugitive who had just tried to launder counterfeit money .
that is why we are fleeing to kyoto , they have yakuza there too , but it is a different family and they do not issue bulletins all around the country , like the police do .
just use your energy trying to help us get you out of the country , that s all you need to concern yourself with .
we do nt have any time to lose , we need to get you out of the country , the heat will just keep getting hotter the longer we wait , kichiro said .
a blond - haired , blue - eyed grandchild , born to the judges rebellious and promiscuous daughter , nine months after he had arranged nicholas flight from the country .
she chose the most obscure roads that would lead her into the amish country of ohio .
perhaps tennessee 's richest man , or the country 's , and therefore the world 's .
` ` i ' m working on a new project and need you to start finding some discrete lawyers around the country for me .
` ` living in the wrong part of the country for that . ''
he was worshipped up in chicago and by baseball fans around the country . ''
` ` thank you for your service to our country , '' pat said , not taking his eyes off the hand with its ugly scar and the large gold and onyx pinky ring he wore .
` ` apparently very little is known because it has been previously unknown in this country .
carly had no idea that she was descended from a carrier who emigrated to this country in the ' 50s , her paternal grandmother . ''
of course , its a free country .
they had come to england for a year to break the monotony of their stateside routines , to see a little of the country they had so assiduously avoided until now as being too similar to their own , and he was thinking rather vaguely about the half dozen lectures he was to give during the coming year when the young man whose name he could not immediately recall and whose features he remembered only in a general way from his initial meeting with his seminar the previous week suddenly appeared at his side .
when you return to panama for that extra year you will be assigned to ft . gulick , you may or may not have to wear a uniform , and various other government agencies may , on occasion , ask for your opinion on conditions both here in the zone and in the country in general .
definitely , but what sacrifices we make for our country .
i hope you will allow me to do so here in my own country this week .
under batista and those like him my country sold itself and made many fortunes in the process , but the people of my country lived in squalor .
under batista and those like him my country sold itself and made many fortunes in the process , but the people of my country lived in squalor .
when i gently suggested that perhaps rigorously enforced new laws and overcrowded asylums and prisons might also have something to do with it , he sidestepped the issue by explaining that now there were very few vocational asylums for the mentally ill ; now such people were not locked up but were allowed , with minimal supervision by trained personnel , to spend most of their days out in the fields , doing simple but necessary work for the benefit of the country and the improvement of their own health .
my parents came from the south -- actually from heraklion on crete -- and they always talked of this part of greece as the center of radical politics in the country .
you ll notice the students here are usually older than those at home its like that throughout the country -- so in those volatile days it was nt unusual for me to socialize with them on a regular basis .
we want to see as much of the country as possible , the islands and crete and the south , and we d like to get up to yugoslavia and maybe bulgaria too if we have the time .
i thought such women in this country were usually anxious to attach themselves to wealthy and much older men at an early age .
his best students often got scholarships to study in the states after they left the farm school and when they returned to their country they usually found important jobs in a nation that was still highly dependent on agriculture .
unfortunately , like almost everything else in our country these days , a great deal depends on who you know or who your relatives know .
alexi was in his mid - thirties , a tanned and handsome bachelor who ran one of the largest tobacco businesses in the country , and he was accompanied by marika , a very stylish and beautiful woman in her late twenties whose family owned the citys most exclusive tennis club .
a friend of mine at the club , one of the consuls from an eastern bloc country , told me only a few days ago that some investigations by the cia into some recent demonstrations against the presence of united states bases in our country had angered some very powerful greeks who had until now been somewhat moderate .
a friend of mine at the club , one of the consuls from an eastern bloc country , told me only a few days ago that some investigations by the cia into some recent demonstrations against the presence of united states bases in our country had angered some very powerful greeks who had until now been somewhat moderate .
i d jumped at the chance of a free trip to cyprus , almost no questions asked -- blow in my professional ear and ill follow you to any foreign country -- but the usia knew the situation here and they d conveniently left out the details when jackson had made his pitch .
the taping for the radio station was conducted without incident , the interviewer a bright and very personable woman who was thoroughly conversant with the literature of both my country and her own and whose main purpose during our conversation was to reveal to her listeners my particular approach to that literature .
are students as politically active in your country as they are at this university ?
as an immigrant his father had worked long hours for little pay , but he recalled no bitterness ever directed at the country that had taken his father in and eventually the man had paid his adopted country back , fueling the economy in typical american fashion and allowing his children to choose their own form of labor .
the university was our work unit , or danwei , and as such it had the overall responsibility for us as long as we remained in the country .
as one of your own writers has recently said , we are a country of small signs , of vast shifts in ideology masking subtle human changes .
in those days foreigners held shanghai in what amounted to economic bondage -- the bund along the waterfront housed representatives of all the major banks of europe , the jin jiang hotel was a french enclave , and the high - ceilinged rooms of the huping fandian , the peace hotel , were filled with german and british traders -- but even in post - mao times i could nt shake the feeling that the average chinese was still not treated very well in his own country , even by his own people .
my problem -- the banks problem -- is that we have no one who can move around the country very freely , at least not without constant hassles from the governments china travel service , and we feel that we need such access at this time .
we believe that if deng ziaoping and his people remain in power long enough , and if there is no major backlash against his pragmatic rapprochement with the west , then its only a matter of time before investment capital will be allowed to funnel into various parts of the country ; the bank has contacts in several places quite far from peking , but our communication with these people is very limited .
would you be willing to transport letters and other bank business documents to our chinese contacts in other parts of the country when you go to those places ?
there were forty - five of them , ranging in age form 23 to 54 , and they were mostly teachers from middle schools , institutes and universities in other parts of the country , all selected by their danweis and the ministry of education to be sent to peking university for a year to be exposed to the pedagogy of american academics .
confucius may be acceptable enough these days to share with the odd visiting barbarian now and then , but the chinese know that deng xiaoping and the other senior members of the party actually run their vast country with very few nods in the old philosophers direction .
he was , as far as i could tell from the translation , an effective speaker and as he summed up his defense of his very pragmatic approach to sino - american relations -- a defense he felt was necessary because , as he very carefully suggested , there were those in his country who felt that such cooperation with the west would only compromise and dilute the original aims of those who brought about liberation in 1949 -- he asked a question that both appealed to the pro - western modernists in the audience and made an attempt to appease the aphoristically inclined traditionalists who were waiting for the internal political pendulum to swing back to the left again .
in the weeks that followed there was an unofficial but definite cooling of relations between many chinese who had positions of responsibility and those americans who were long - term residents of the country .
i believe that is what is happening with you and your country at this time .
we d been in the country long enough to realize this and to appreciate the mans courage and his personal integrity ; we knew our phone conversations were often monitored and we assumed our office was not secure so none of us had very much to say in the face of such a display .
this does not apply to those who come to our country on tours for two or three weeks .
he became maos vice chairman and some people say he betrayed the chairman and died very mysteriously while trying to flee the country when his villainy was discovered , but his body was never found and i do nt have much confidence in rumors .
during one of our chinese lessons in mid - january , mrs . chu told us about something that seemed to indicate at least a nominal liberalization of certain official policies in the country at large , and at beida such events were always taken as a sign that times were improving .
the signs seemed to be reliable , at least for the moment , because just before the break between terms in late january ( a long vacation that allowed people all over the country to return to their homes and their families , in some cases for the only time all year , to celebrate the traditional chinese new year with relatives ) ma asked me if talya and i would like to spend a week in the grasslands of inner mongolia .
he said his request for such a travel permit for us had been approved rather suddenly and without explanation and even though the weather would probably be bad he thought we should take the opportunity to see that part of the country while the china travel service was so favorably disposed to our making such a trip .
a guy named histon and two intelligence types were discussing dengs drive for more western investment in his country and chinas real need for some of our advanced military technology .
i asked him how free he was to write about what he saw and how much of the country he was allowed to see .
oh yes , and the man we hired is excellent , but its still my responsibility to see that nothing truly unpleasant about the country is passed on to new york .
when i asked her if we would have any difficulty taking the dish out of the country when we were ready to go home in a few months , she looked quickly in the direction of the other saleswoman before she lowered her voice and answered me in english .
would nt they just confiscate the goods and kick him out of the country ?
guess a lot of it depends on what country he s from , what kind of relations the two countries have at the time , and how serious the chinese think his attempted deception was .
teds been all over this country while we ve been here he s never had any problem before .
no , i think well be lucky to get him out of the country at all .
some of the old maoists are pushing for a long prison sentence ; its a good opportunity for them to discredit dengs policy of encouraging western scholars and businessmen to come to china and see for themselves what advances the country has made since mao died .
i decided to continue to work for my country in spite of this apparent contradiction .
the transition seemed rather abrupt ; i was still thinking of mas single - minded dedication to his country , even after his government had allowed him to be so cruelly abused .
he is , i think , a very wise man who understands a great deal about my country .
if i were to give my assistance to someone like professor sleeper i believe i would most certainly be aiding my own country eventually .
its a good time for foreigners to visit this country i only wish the chinese would treat their own people as well as they treat their guests .
it was one of the more memorable sights in a country filled with scenes worth remembering .
i know that some people in your country would see this as favoritism or even corruption , and sometimes that is exactly what it becomes in my country as well , but for most people here it is a way of making our presence felt in a society that does not make many allowances for individual needs .
it is no more painful than a series of routine injections you might get in your own country , only now the acupuncture needles will be left in place for a period of time ; instead of placing them in your arm they will be placed in another part of your body .
used in every hospital and ambulance in the country .
the explosive is c-3 h-5 o-3 , that s regular old dynamite , sold at hundreds of locations in that part of the country to anyone with a valid drivers license .
he needs to be next , before he leaves the country or something .
tj spent a majority of his vast fortune on the most famous criminal lawyers in the country .
we have a lot of people here from that part of the country .
he had learned not to claim another part of the country as home .
yet , the snake still had its head , and in some areas of the country an audience could still be moved by a hate speech from thomas m. curtis .
like it or not , in this country we do nt jail people for that .
his family was safely out of the country .
sams been to these countries .
so you re telling me i have an ex special ops sniper who s been running around the country picking people off and now has the president on his list ?
i was out of the country , or i d have been there .
like most families in his country , his was large and poor .
it was enough to simply stay alive in his country .
he had lost a sister and uncle to aids , and two brothers to the tribal warfare that often plagued his country .
more importantly , it was indistinguishable from the other government owned gas trucks in his country .
other boys his age would curse the americans , saying they were taking over their country and treading on their beliefs .
violence in his country was a fact of life , and djimon knew the look of men who were no strangers to the deliverance of death .
the warehouse held mostly relief supplies for a country plagued by food shortages and disease .
i ve got to narrow it down somehow , to a single country or at least east , north , south , or west .
multicoloured stalls sold every sort of product imaginable and were set out in a crude , rectangular arrangement around the main display area , where currently performing was a group of tribal zulu dancers from the winner , mr . donalds , country of origin .
lucky for us that canadas not a big country , eh ?
ever since my arrival in canada - which is a fantastic country by the way - i have noticed all sorts of little quirks and idiosyncrasies which i had until now been putting down to patriotism .
you go to our country , the land we still look on as mcpresley land and you ll see loads of em , quiffed up and greased and all dyed black .
poor old cripplesby has nt fared so well though and is currently doing a mammoth tour of chat shows all over the country , as well as appearing as guest speaker at hundreds of big functions , giving interviews to countless papers and magazines and all that kind of stuff .
she did not really like him but he was always polite enough to let her know on time if he was out of the country or had other arrangements .
besides , if he ever crossed that line every force in the country would ignore him for the rest of his journalistic life .
he knew there was a lot of turkish and moroccans in holland , these four were probably from one of those countries .
his first day at work in a new job , a new country .
but then he remembered that this was a small country with a population that was only twice the size of new york city , roughly sixteen million people .
it suddenly hit wall that sir was said a lot back in the states , but here in a foreign country it seemed to be out of place .
she has given us notice that she intends to leave the country .
that honour fell to a paralympian who trekked 40,000 km through thirty - four countries on four continents in a wheelchair to raise awareness of spinal cord injuries .
' nice part of the country . '
leaving the country was always an option , but many countries now had extradition treaties with the uk to haul criminals back home to face justice .
barry really needed to leave the country .
he had a habit of travelling in and out of countries on different passports .
all he had to do was evidence a reasonable belief that barry had fled the country , and he 'd be out of rosenburg 's hair .
barry fitzgerald was murdered by persons unknown on a ferry leaving the country mere days after a rich banker from the suburbs tried to kill him and fell to his death .
that begged the question of why he thought fleeing the country would assist in evading the financial services authority .
it made her reply come out in a slightly higher pitched voice than she had intended , i m a british citizen and i m going back to the uk , not some third world country in africa or the far east .
we do nt treat people like that in my country .
the dutch were wonderful hosts , the country wide open to exploration and he was officially encouraged to take full advantage of it .
there were night trains at odd intervals in this part of the country .
the students used to joke he was a russian spy , but he seemed to know an awful lot about the various clandestine services of different countries .
the dutch government keeps a tight regulation over old growth forest , which stands in odd patches all over the country .
its like belonging to another country .
now the big scandal , according to that paper , is children trafficked in from eastern europe and asian countries .
you know kids in your country do things the same way , but there is only a social pretense that it is wrong and laws very unevenly applied .
i believe the social welfare system in eastern european countries is quite different than here .
this was not uncommon in europe in the first place and frankly more so among those from asian countries .
they re some of the biggest criminal operations in the whole country .
this country was conceived in the womb of discontent because mother england refused to give our people a place at the table .
this is our country , one in which profit has somehow outweighed common sense .
today is a new day in this great country .
did nt hitler invade some country or other ?
i thought you might want to join the army and do your bit for king and country .
your king and your country , they both need you so chapter 10 i m bloody sure he was bluffing , muttered a voice , as foxy raked in the pot .
they produced and sold electrical equipment from their own chain of stores up and down the country .
county durham was not the most densely populated part of the country by any means .
this was typically impressive and was often advertised as one of the biggest in the country .
the resources of the country were worth fighting for , once an excuse for invasion was deemed valid .
the problem with this is that most of this country 's law enforcement has been trying to do just that for years .
he was facing away from the area that had once been home to metroland , one of the largest indoor theme parks in the country .
in addition to this title , metroland , opening in 1988 was the largest indoor theme park in the country .
he had seen tv shows involving government agents involved in remarkable death defying feats to help prevent the latest threat to their country .
he had just shot someone , and that carried a punishment , even if the person he shot was one of the worst criminals ever seen in this country .
he was one of the most wanted men in the country .
it is believed that his trades have led to at least six terrorist attacks in this country over those three years , and possibly to terrorist activity elsewhere in the world .
you were wanted for questioning in a robbery and attempted homicide in your residence but we never found youjust says you left the country , does nt even he looks through the papers in the folder closer , does nt even say where you went .
so i hid in a nowhere forest in a nowhere country and waited , trained , eventually hired them .
under the banner of the newly formed ' english front line ' , he and the young men of holtingham vow to defend their culture and country against the amassed forces of islamic extremism and the self - serving , politically - correct lobbyists .
` ` things have changed in this country since you went inside chris .
with their savings , general assets and the sale of the family home , he was wealthy enough to set himself up anew anywhere in the country , abroad even .
statistically lionel , police drivers are responsible for more road deaths per year than any other formal grouping of people in this country .
an increasing number of young men cast adrift from their homes and families from across the country were taken in for ' educating ' at the madrasa school within , which rumour claimed , teaching is rife with inaccuracies , sweeping condemnations of jews and christians , and triumphal declarations of islam 's supremacy .
in fact the whole country and commonwealth does .
` ` you may say what you wish , this is a free country after all .
` ` this country of ' yours ' mr . carter , promoted slavery and world - wide oppression .
i think that you 'll find portugal was the first european country to actively embrace slavery , a practise thousands of years old in africa and the middle east .
abu 's dream had been to go to university , train to become a surgeon , and one day go home to help rebuild his shattered country .
he was an educated man who could surely do better in this country he had heard so much about all his young life .
yet at a mini - market and purveyor of alcoholic beverages recently ravaged by fire , a sight very familiar to abu in his war torn country , an elderly indian in a blue turban paused from his sorrowful salvaging of piles of destroyed stock , to locate some canned soft drink and edible food , more or less undamaged by the flames and water used to extinguish them .
but people like kamal khan and his henchmen had brought the fire with them , to this country that had given them shelter and asked for nothing in return .
` ` my mother was brought from pakistan to this country , luton actually , as a child in the sixties .
a young hot - head radical islamist fresh from the old country causing unrest amongst the younger first generation british asians born here .
he 'd left the army that same year , over thirty years solid , loyal service to his country .
` ` when did my country become a fascist state ?
he despaired with a hurting heart of the alien wickedness that he had never thought to see in his country .
but for forty years i have dreamt of overturning the status quo of this country , destroy the indigenous character as have many others .
with our help your cause will spread across this country like wild - fire .
somebody has to do something in this country . ''
now they pop up everywhere churning out their pompous shit doing this country and its people down .
` ` can we not be proud of our country too ?
invariably , the targets for their resentment are minority groups amongst us who fled to this country seeking sanctity from persecution , torture and death , only to find parallel threats levelled at them from our home - bred despots .
half of this country is living in a fantasy world of their own making , and the other half are too frightened to point out a few home - truths for fear of being labelled racist , homophobic and all the other homo 's , and getting dragged into a kangaroo court .
` ` look these people come to this country to escape from their own god forsaken , medieval hell - holes do n't they .
` ` simply put , any muslim in britain , is required by his religion to establish khilafah , turn this country into a caliphate , islamic state , ruled by a caliph . ''
` ` so minister , whilst you and the security services fight the radicals and home - grown terrorists , it is the good muslims , law abiding citizens of this country with rights and more importantly the vote , who ultimately will deliver what their allah demands of them .
a muslim who has betrayed his brothers by serving in the brutal imperialist forces of this godless country .
be assured sir that we will turn this country upside down if necessary to find our boy , or girl .
` ` look , this country is full of bloody illegal immigrants the police do n't bother with .
loads of them all over the country . ''
expand the possibilities across the whole of the country to every man , woman and child we are pledged to protect and the blood runs cold . ''
` ` i do not recall placing restrictions on your combating hostile elements from within this country director general . ''
` ` this country , this land is our land .
a new life in a new country , it 's a wonderful opportunity . ''
so before i invite mr . mann to stand before you and say a few words , can i as your prime minister , your most humble servant , welcome your efforts to sweep away the tired old order of this country , and to join us in the new beginning of a multi - faith , multi - cultural england .
` ` gentleman , you are legion , the future direction and very character and identity of this country , is now in your blessed hands . ''
after they ... let her go , no school in the country would take her .
the saddest thing about our police force , about our country ; was that autonomy had not brought technological superiority .
nowhere else in the world would such a casual ambiance reflect its countries native blessings more uniquely , than here on a patio under the wide blue sky with a summer breeze catching at the skirts and shirts of the patrons , and ruffling them to a furl .
` ` another thing , frank , we ' ve just got a report in on the guy from your theater shooting , seems he was polish , with a rap sheet as long as your arm in his own country , if he had lived they would have wanted to extradite .
a little fiddling gets you in , after all , frank , surely you know that every tow truck in the country listens in on the police frequency in order to get a head start to accident sites ?
i knew , without doubt , that crimeen was dirty , and i could n't help but reflect on the pity ; south africa really needed resourceful innovative industry to get ahead , every single corrupt corporation or politician hurt the country a little more and would kill places like this , which had grown on their tails .
` ` my family has had a sad history in this wonderful country , my daughter was only in her early thirties when she died , she left two children for me to care for , one of whom is also now gone ... well before her time , '' her pain echoed resonantly about the room buoyed by her grief .
crimeen had a slew of foreigners , probably desperate to get out of their own countries , protecting their backs ; i had killed one after jared 's concert , and injured another during the garage attack on my family .
from what the team managed to glean on that shady operation , the girls were imported from slavic countries with stories of becoming models out here .
her father was high - born , from the days of old , when nobility still ruled much of the country .
guinea - bissau is a western african country , which was severely bombed in april 2003 as part of the war against terrorism .
guinea - bissau is a small western african country bordered by senegal and guinea .
the country has 1.1 million inhabitants .
the dominant religions of the country are various tribal religions .
u.s . military forces are , at this moment , bombing the country of guinea - bissau .
guinea - bissau is a small country , formerly an insignificant country , in west africa .
guinea - bissau is a small country , formerly an insignificant country , in west africa .
guinea - bissau is an african country with a typical african infrastructure and medical facilities .
its a country in western africa .
she had been racking her brain , trying to come up with a reason why white would not want the world to know that guinea - bissau was a safe country .
who knows , she shrugged her shoulders , maybe they need to control guinea - bissau in order to get to another africa country .
they really did nt know anything , besides the fact that general white did nt want the world to know that guinea - bissau was a safe , u.s.-backing , country .
if no one destroys that report , its bound to come out sooner or later that guinea - bissau is a safe country .
additionally , the government of guinea - bissau is calling for his deportation to their country for a murder trial .
i read that a few starbucks around the country are adding wine to their menu .
she probably could have sold a house kit to half the population of the country .
i am known as a tourist around africa and my country .
is it easy to leave your country , go far east africa asking about someone you ca nt even describe ?
his former school back home sponsored him to learn more outside his country .
we were heading to the northern part of our country before .
mr adewale brought a folded map from his pocket , spread it widely and show us countries of each continent .
i am confident i will serve my country !
is the soil good to that of your country ?
excellent with that of our country .
i love my country in west africa .
i can accept his juicy kingship only when i am in my country .
on my country soil i need it but not on kenyan soil .
that feathers this people used to fly from their country to nairobi .
ask them , what brought them from their country to nairobi ?
i ate such meal in nigeria , my country .
i am going back to achieve my aim of becoming a trained seaman to protect my country waterway from piracy , oil theft .
during my young age , i try getting out of my country to try other country .
during my young age , i try getting out of my country to try other country .
the nigeria pledge started when nigeria national anthem ended ; tears falling down from my face , i love , cherishes , everything my eyes can see in my country , nigeria .
i ve concluded i must serve my country nigeria till death !
i would never let my country nigeria down for whatsoever reason as i have concluded within me .
it ca nt deterred me from serving my country nigeria .
i thought i am the only one that is ready to die for his country ; now i see another person more ready than me to die for his country .
i thought i am the only one that is ready to die for his country ; now i see another person more ready than me to die for his country .
the only time he turned sad against me was when he knew my plans of becoming seaman just for serving my country .
continue raising awareness as citizen of most greatest country on earth , nigeria .
show selfless services for your country , nigeria .
it was the same in cities all across the country .
jackson had come in handy over the years , since his job took him to all the major metropolitan areas of the country .
jackson was high - profile enough that his name would be known in various established circles around town and across the country .
unfortunately , the train system had grown so fast in the previous few years , in a week 's time he could be most of the way across the country .
so tell me this : why do my boys need to run all over the country looking for this guy ?
harris looked at the picture again and thought he looked like any of thousands of young men around the country .
if he had a choice , he wished he could stay on this train all the way across the country , but he could only push back hunger and thirst so far .
that 's the way cities run , hell this whole country .
there 're lines of communication that run throughout this city , maybe across this country , that can be used . ''
like half the country . ''
the beginning of the decade had seen the vietnam war in full swing , the country protesting against its small contribution clashing with the police .
the rotting weatherboards giving way to the crumbling red brick favored in this part of the country .
these parties were the stuff of legend throughout the university world and occasionally the rest of the country .
their arms holding the kevlar plated vests of the victims , making them look just like the dummies used in the police fitness tests all around the country .
there were other beaches in the country they could visit .
once you have everything , tell hiijii to leave the country , ok ?
and hiijii has now left the country .
she and beth reluctantly assumed the new identities that planner had arranged and the three of them set off on 13th september 2001 across country , by car since all civilian airliners were grounded , to meet witsec liaison staff in wyoming .
i mean , you said we have an account in a bunch of cities ... and one country , but whatever ... what company ?
now , as one could probably surmise , this particular china comes from one particular country .
and being a foreigner , not travelling on an american passport , he was a favorite to travel overseas to set up computer systems for various companies establishing themselves in third - world countries .
but you just rob a guy like that ; you do nt kidnap him in a foreign country so hell whip out his debit card .
first , my mind raced with the various stories i could concoct to bluff my way back home but , ultimately , it crossed my mind that getting busted with some bullshit story in a foreign country with no i.d .
` ` folks in this country are worried about having health insurance , and they have every right to be .
each was worth more than a small third - world country .
not too many grieved for him , as the country pulled back from the brink of civil war and life slowly returned to normal .
this must be one of the last independent shops in the country , no attempt had been made to bring the place up to date , no fruit machines , no screens flashing the latest odds , not even a telly showing whatever meeting the bbc had decided to cover for their afternoon racing .
as various meetings begun around the country it would fill , with prominence being given to the race about to start .
everyone in the country put a couple of quid on the grand national , the bookmakers busiest day .
the country on the brink of civil war the king dead and she held the crown jewels .
he smiled at the genius of old man stern , remembering the look on the guys face as he and wren waltzed out the shop , with probably the most valuable book in the country .
opposite ends of the country .
but here in gods own country !
a country on the brink of civil war , a woman torn between loyalty to her father and her husband ; the prince of wales .
do you think i d drag my son around the country in handcuffs ?
gwen even placed the order in french - something which got the waiter all sparkly - eyed and likely even more in love with himself and his country .
an indian citizen , by birth and choice , he relocated to seoul in april 2004 , to touch base with his soul , now his wife , who missed kimchi and preferred the morning calm of her own country to the unbearable heat and chaos in bharat .
prologue one fact that has been overlooked in contemporary fiction set in india is that the country came very close to a second partition , the outcome of racial tensions , less than two decades after independence from great britain .
this is an alternate history fiction that seeks to bridge the gap , and explore the underlying tensions that continue to exist in present - day india , by borrowing from the historical experience of south korea , a country that was divided after war .
during deliberations for framing the indian constitution after india 's independence , adoption of an official language for the country was hotly debated , and a decision taken to adopt hindi as the official language of india with english continuing as an associate official language for a period of fifteen years .
as regards korea , the country continues to be divided today , with an archaic dynastic communist ruler in the north , and a free democratic and prosperous society in the south .
in this novel , the country is united , under a parliamentary form of government and mixed economy model .
the country became a democracy again only in 1987 , but not in this novel .
north korea continues to be ruled by the third generation of kim dynasty and is one of the most repressive and poor countries in the world , denying basic human rights to its citizens .
in this novel , the country is unified after the korean war , to remain a parliamentary democracy , but still retaining its third world status .
i have no intention of hurting anyones sentiments by this fictional narrative , taking liberty with political facts , which , in a hypersensitive country that india has become , is quite possible .
dravida was after all one of most industrialized and advanced countries in asia , and a magnet for many of the impoverished citizens of third world countries like corea , thailand and malaysia .
dravida was after all one of most industrialized and advanced countries in asia , and a magnet for many of the impoverished citizens of third world countries like corea , thailand and malaysia .
embarrassingly though , in a country where school kids half his age were experimenting with sexual partners , he was still a virgin .
she is a leftist sympathizer , from a country that claims to be treading the high moral ground , although they cunningly receiving material support from the chinese .
they pleaded with her not to go to a foreign country alone , but she was determined to get away .
there were only a dozen imported cars in corea , all of them in seoul , the business capital of her country , and none in the capital pyongyang .
i am talking of divided socialist countries like hindustan , scotland and quebec .
he has come on his own free will and is enjoying a peaceful life in our prosperous country .
almost like a censor - strip that her country often placed on offending maps that placed parts of corea as chinese territory .
i come from a very cold country and we use toilet paper .
no thalaivar , i want to go to higginbothams and buy some books , he said , referring to the largest bookstore in the country , quite close to aaram buhari restaurant .
he had been warned about coming to india for his year- long exchange program.his economics professor at corea university had advised him to go to a european country .
most importantly , ignore filthy and poor countries like india .
dravida is a rich country , but the average citizens can not afford servants and live in high - rise buildings , while corea is a poor country , but almost everyone i know hires maids and lives in independent houses .
dravida is a rich country , but the average citizens can not afford servants and live in high - rise buildings , while corea is a poor country , but almost everyone i know hires maids and lives in independent houses .
you know dravida is a tropical country .
it is just that i am really confused and in a new country .
have been since our country got united after war .
my country wants to be self - sufficient and develop local industries first .
imf in dravida became a symbol of every malaise that the country was going through , and literally became a catchphrase i m fired .
i told you corea is not a communist country .
we are certainly close to china , but we have our own economic system , and we are an independent country .
you do realize that dravida is also an independent democratic country ?
i personally feel they should be made a separate province within the country .
i am sure , if we had not become an independent country , today the world would have considered their culture and food as representing all of us .
oh , wonderful country .
you should pack your bags and go back to your country .
there are so many different countries , with different languages and culture , but in recent years , they are talking of a federation of europe .
imagine that the european federation expands to become one country , and includes dozens of other member states .
so next , if europe becomes one country , german is made the official national language and everyone is forced to learn it for national integration , do you think the others will keep quiet ?
of course not , there are only around 56 million people in west germany , the population of the other countries combined must be much more .
but now , if they do not know , they will be discriminated in their own country .
they will be forced to learn a new language and follow a new culture , just because the biggest ethnic group in the new country will be germans .
they will be treated as inferior citizens in their own country .
if they do not want to learn hindi , then they can leave the country .
my country will never be divided , the army will break their backs .
at 2.30 our prime minister is going to address the nation , and make an announcement that will impact the future of india as one country .
yes , but because of illiteracy and poverty , it is a few powerful people who finally get to manipulate the end result and decide what is best for the rest of the country .
in my country , our prime minister always gives a radio broadcast either early in the morning or evening .
sir , should i go back to my country ?
once is enough , we love our country as much as the north indians , although , we do hate this obsession with kashmir .
it was almost like a small country with our own anthem , traditions and government .
you know , although my country is developed , the mindset is still very conservative , and some basic freedom is missing .
the first criticism of his own country .
it is just like in my country .
all coreans believe that we are the only racially pure country in the world .
according to our history , thousands of years ago , hwan - ung , the son of a divine god spirit came down to earth to build a new country there .
everyone prospered in the new country , but a bear and a great siberian tiger were jealous .
she was able to pit the various sections of the country against each other , and used the threat of war with pakistan and dravida to remain in power .
your country is a friend of hindustan , so you do nt get to know the reality .
both were of the opinion that the country was still not ready for fully owned foreign companies , but the government allowed companies like coca cola to make miniscule investments and repatriate all their huge profits back home .
i realized that unlike coreans who are a single race , everyone here is so different , there are so many languages and people look completely different , but they all belong to one country .
in my country , we hate the japanese for what they did to us for 35 years , although they too helped develop our infrastructure .
even today they claim that that large parts of our country actually belong to them .
luckily , we managed to defeat the communists and unify our country once again .
i remember , i was in london during the corean war , your country used to be spelt with the letter k. we all thought that it would split up , just like germany .
he came up with a brilliant plan to attack the north 's forces , which had captured most of the country except for the port city of pusan making an amphibious assault at incheon .
our country was destroyed , and countless people lost their lives .
if there is violence , how can i go back to my country ?
i have already been through one in my life , and can not handle another in a foreign country .
dog meat soup was a different pot altogether , and considered a delicacy in his country .
the priest at my family temple said that an indian princess from my hometown went to your country 2,000 years ago and married your king .
she became the first queen of your country , so actually coreans are half - indian .
she came to marry king suro who ruled a small kingdom in corea , not my entire country .
a country 's greatness lies not in its history but with what its people make of the present .
it is just like the brahmins controlling india , or the north indians getting all the opportunities in our country .
no one cares for animals in my country .
in my country , there are no stray or abandoned dogs .
only party officials and a few businessmen can leave the country .
the usual strategy is to cross the border into nepal , tibet , bangladesh or burma before fleeing to a third country like thailand .
if the defectors manage to flee to thailand they are officially classified as illegal immigrants , and the government deports them to my country after they serve their prison sentences .
the country looked very developed with modern buildings and clean roads .
yet , in my concern for the future of our country , how can i ignore the fact that since the beginning of the british rule , english has been used to dominate and discriminate against us in social customs and in laws ...
i do , he was the first elected president of south in 1948 and was once again appointed president after the war unified your country .
we offer a three month resettlement course for social adjustment in our country .
what is more , soviet union also has many bases in the country , as a counter to the american bases in dravida .
besides , the border with friendly countries like nepal , bangladesh , china , bhutan and burma also need to be guarded to prevent defections .
it is not a communist country like soviet union .
young lady , in a diverse country like hindustan , where every section of society is pulling the country to their corner , it takes a dictatorship to restore order .
young lady , in a diverse country like hindustan , where every section of society is pulling the country to their corner , it takes a dictatorship to restore order .
corea is a homogenous country with a unique culture and everyone speaks the same language .
sir , my country is not homogenous .
they seem like a happy prosperous country .
although i wish we were one country , india , again .
if she does not , there may be a lot of violence and the country can never recover from the shock .
seeing the shocked look on moons face he continued , do n't worry , i will keep you safe and send you back to your country before the situation gets out of control .
we became independent 18 years ago , and have already broken up our country once .
yes i do , they fought for our independence and they are the only secular party which cares for our country 's development .
what separate country ?
should n't he also go back to his country ?
i can see that your country is deeply divided along caste lines .
she can always send regiments from different parts of the country for duty here .
we are a poor country and can not afford it at this stage of our development .
i was not able to sleep , so decided to meditate for sometime , it is a very effective remedy in my country .
american president lyndon johnson has kicked off a broad - based review of the country 's involvement in the vietnam conflict ... with 75,000 american troops already stationed in south vietnam , the president is weighing the options of either increasing combat strength or pulling out completely ...
i will try , but right now i just want the agitation here to end , so that i can go back to my own country .
it would also help him exercise his limbs , as he wanted to flee the country as soon as possible .
community ties are stronger than friendships in this part of the country .
the country was slowly getting polarized , but surprisingly none of the other non - hindi speaking states had shown any inclination to join the agitation .
this is the first time that an indian prime minister has accused the cia of direct intervention in our country .
the exodus of south indians from the northern part of the country was still continuing at a brisk pace , as the attacks on them intensified.they brought back horror stories that had the ability to churn the stomachs of even the most ferocious lions .
she had retired back to her room , even as naga and sunder had a nightcap and discussed political developments in the country .
it serves as a buffer zone between the two countries , 1,500 kilometres long and approximately 5 km wide .
even his own country threw him out , poor chap is a refugee in some arab country i heard .
even his own country threw him out , poor chap is a refugee in some arab country i heard .
why did he not come back to his own country ?
lorries- trucks lungi- traditional garment worn around the waist in indonesia , bangladesh , india , sri lanka , burma , brunei , malaysia , singapore , the horn of africa and the southern arabian peninsula machchan- brother - in - law , also used as a friendly greeting ( tamil ) mallu short for malayalam speaking people , the language spoken in the southern state of kerala makgeolli- alcoholic beverage native to korea , made from a mixture of wheat and rice , which gives it a milky , off - white color , and sweetness naan a leavened , oven - baked flatbread that is typical of and popular in west , central and south asia nadan curry- kerala beef curry narak- hell ( hindi ) pitaji father ( hindi ) rajya sabha- upper house of the indian parliament rakshash demon ( hindi ) rowdies- gangsters , lumpen saala brother - in - law ( hindi ) , also used affectionately for friends saar - sir sambar- a vegetable stew or chowder based on a broth made with tamarind and pigeon peas , and is very popular in the cooking of southern regions of india samguk yusa- memorabilia of the three kingdoms , is a collection of legends , folktales , and historical accounts relating to the three kingdoms of as well as to other periods and states before , during , and after satyagraha- fast shikoro shut up ( korean ) shikya- bastard ( korean ) soju- a distilled beverage native to korea , comparable to vodka , though often slightly sweeter suprabhatam- auspicious dawn prayer tauba tauba- god forbid ( hindi ) thalaivar leader ( tamil ) thammuda- younger brother ( telugu ) ttong shit ( korean ) upama- simple rice snack usually served for breakfast vatan country , motherland ( hindi ) yaar- dear friend ( hindi ) zamindari - a zamindar was an aristocrat , typically hereditary , who held enormous tracts of land and held control over his peasants , from whom they reserved the right to collect tax .
they lived in an evil country that cared diddly shit about people like yancy , and it did nt care much about anyone else , either .
but the country is in bad shape , and his company went through hard times .
in the final reality , the country had no heart for americans .
no one is mandated to lower any american flag , because this is still a free country .
in many parts of the country , people were picketing in the streets against the program .
that star was the symbol of the fantasy that texas was an independent state and was once its own country .
still , every texan liked to think of his state as its own country .
it is such a huge country , and it is definitely a tall order for just one man and yet if that was nt enough , kefa hesitated and then said with a smile , there s something else i need for you to do .
i think the country has been lulled to sleep morally no technologys not going to get us out of this , only the true universal church can , but who s going to listen ?
daniil still had nt decided whether they should remain in moscow or move to a mark , perhaps in another country .
even though i m half - convinced were dealing with a new viral disease here , it takes more than a hunch to convince atlanta and washington d.c . we ve never quarantined any part of the country for a case of rabies .
welcome to indian country , phineus morton !
sir robin algar , the cabinet secretary and chairman of jic , told the meeting that some leading questions were being asked in some quarters which could indicate more than a natural curiosity in the work of barclay and his team sir frederick forsyth , permanent secretary at the foreign office , agreed that recent telegrams had suggested that a couple of governments overseas , including russia , were taking rather more than a scientific interest in the work being pioneered in this country .
but he had returned discretely it was true , almost secretly in fact , using his own passport and travelling as a tourist , probably to avoid any further embarrassment to the ambassador or to his country .
but the british foreign office had quickly discovered that he was back in london , and once again , just as quickly , demanded that he should leave the country on the next available flight .
furthermore , it seemed he was not even in the building , or , it transpired later , possibly not even in the country .
while that was going on , the agents based in london and elsewhere in the uk were told to do everything possible to prove as best they could that he was not still there , and to show to everyones satisfaction that he had indeed left that country .
he could still be in london ; he could be anywhere , including in this country .
he was always happy here , and we always spent our holidays in this country except when we were serving abroad .
for a start , the country was not a member of the eu , and therefore not a signatory to the treaty which allowed free movement of labour .
sending armed troops into a foreign country is never the easiest thing to arrange , especially at short notice , and this is even more complicated because of switzerlands cherished neutrality .
but after that he would be on his own , in a new country , a new research post to tackle and few friends around him for support .
because somebody , somewhere , thought he was of such value to the country that he had to be protected , almost , it seemed , at any cost .
even if he had to live abroad , in a neutral country , they - the uk - also wanted to keep him alive for the long - term benefit of the country .
even if he had to live abroad , in a neutral country , they - the uk - also wanted to keep him alive for the long - term benefit of the country .
he had a new face , new hair style , a limp , new name , new nationality and a new job in a foreign country .
but he had just been shot and wounded by a russian agent in switzerland who had attempted to kill him , and who obviously believed that jack barclay was not dead and remained a threat to his mother country .
so here he was in a mini - hospital on a military base in a foreign country .
they would hardly have had the time to get out of the country if the answerphone timer was anything like accurate .
we do nt know , of course , if they did leave the country .
it could be anywhere , still in this country yorkshire perhaps or even abroad , if they had taken it somewhere on the ferry .
if i m right , she s well out of the country by now , although we have no idea where she went .
he was kicking up before he left this country , and when he gets abroad , shall we say , in a strange country , probably not speaking the language , away from his friends and his school , he s going to take some handling .
he was kicking up before he left this country , and when he gets abroad , shall we say , in a strange country , probably not speaking the language , away from his friends and his school , he s going to take some handling .
within days of living comfortably in london , with a secure job at the top of the british civil service , working diligently for her country , she was now back in moscow in a small apartment and no future that she could foresee .
she had grave doubts that he would ever settle in his new country and a strange city with people who he could not understand or speak to .
once nick had left her battersea home , of course , she lost touch with events , and was herself rushed out of the country soon afterwards .
he had pitched up in a foreign country , surrounded by people who did not speak his language , and so one could hardly expect him to behave normally .
we ve spent quite a time quizzing the security people who were supposed to be on duty the night your people left the country illegally , he announced .
your husband killed my only living relative , my twin brother , and your government hounded me out of my own country , to live in exile here , doing work i do not really want to do .
for example , getting barclay out of his research project , which was seen as such a threat to the russian economy , and out of the country as well after makienkos bungled attempt to assassinate him , was very clever indeed .
it was clumsy of you to tell me on the phone later that you would convene a meeting of the jic , and get your girl to ring barbara to fix it , when you knew that barbara had already left the country .
it will save us a good deal of time , effort and expense , and you will then be able to spend the rest of your life in russia , the country you appear to be so fond of .
it was their ideology and political system that appealed to me , not the people or the country itself .
the very thought of spending the rest of my life in a foreign country like that is appalling .
and you had no hesitation in sending professor barclay into exile to spend the rest of his life in a foreign country .
brian , after thirty years of barricading our borders against drugs , all we ve done is to kill hundreds of thousands of people , spent trillions , and brought violence to every city in the country .
jos and claire rivera were at the center of the effort to legalize drugs in california , and , possibly in the whole country , thus ending the war .
jos had had friends all over the country , and even some relatives in mexico .
he felt helpless across the country from claire and sue ann .
originally , the chavez gang would send the entire shipment to los angeles for mojos people to repack and send to his mid - point distributors around the country .
over the past year , small amounts of the shipments through mexico were missing from the shipments sent across country .
cleveland has one of the worst drug problems in the country .
hell , maybe the whole country will love it .
its been in the news all day long across the country , so you ve probably all heard about it .
i know you would never deliberately try to hurt anyone in the family , but you need to understand that you re dealing with one of the most dangerous people in the state , maybe the country .
pea might be on his way out of the country right now !
the man would return to being a fisherman , or leave the country , or go to prison .
perhaps today would be the day his publisher would ship paperback copies of his book all over the country , so that in a few years they could be remanded , as the bookstores did not actually buy them , and for that matter neither did the public .
now our civil liberties are too strong in the country , i think , for anything like that to ever happen , but it is something that we want to keep on the radar screen from the get - go , said zachary .
here onblinded justicewe talk primarily about the criminal justice system knowing who is most likely to commit a crime seems like it could be a useful way to prevent crime , but given our history of justice abuses in this country , it also seems like it could be a way to unfairly profile a group , such as inner city african american youth .
he said , let the record show that this is the miscegenation document of one thomas jefferson , third president of our beloved country , author of the declaration of independence , and inspiration for our committee , the jeffersonian elites .
unfortunately , he did not have the resolve to extinguish his own bastard kin of the negro species , but we can fulfill the act , for he was president of our beloved country and the unfortunate event of black thomas jeffersons running amok and populating our fertile lands is an event that brings much sully to our beloved country .
unfortunately , he did not have the resolve to extinguish his own bastard kin of the negro species , but we can fulfill the act , for he was president of our beloved country and the unfortunate event of black thomas jeffersons running amok and populating our fertile lands is an event that brings much sully to our beloved country .
therefore , i propose that we remove said bastard descendants identified in the said miscegenation document from gods fertile lands and bury them in the dirt and away from all good christians and in a deep pit from which they will be heard from no more , and from which they can no longer indemnify our founding father thomas jefferson and by extension our good and beloved country .
my showblinded justiceand my interest in researching the criminal justice industrial complex all revolves around the fact that african americans do not get equal access to justice in this country .
you do make a good argument that perhaps -- just perhaps so do nt get carried away -- that your efforts to fight the injustice still mounted against african americans in this country is a sublimation of your dormantrmt .
i m proud of both my country and my family .
california : consistent with the d.c . thurmonds respective residences , kaci lived in one of the most exclusive neighborhoods in the country : la jolla , home to movie stars and lesser celebrities .
before landing in texas zachary wondered if all the jokes he had heard about texas succession would ring true and that texas would seem like another country .
once you die for your country , once you shed blood for your flag , you are a man no matter what your age .
and that is true , among amazing financial accomplishments : he createdthe first and now largest private penal corporation in the country !
zachary discovered that gladwyne has one of the highest per capita incomes in the country , had been populated based on its proximity to a philadelphia railroad station , and had landed most of its old money families when white flight from philadelphia began .
he s been traveling around the country , said omar , a big bite of his muffin still in his mouth .
we were the first to start this in the world , no other country had it .
in any case , whoever built this mansion he must have been one of the wealthier people in the country , said jasmine .
clearly , if americans were to elect their first president of african american descent this would be a landmark moment for the country .
what you have done for this country the country will never be able to repay you in kind -- .
but he felt that politics , particularly these politics at the start of the country were very important for the future , said jasmine .
i sometimes think it would be cool , axe - wielder said , if this country was a bit more dirty and violent and more like some third world country .
i sometimes think it would be cool , axe - wielder said , if this country was a bit more dirty and violent and more like some third world country .
i did nt want to engage such a hulk as this axe - wielding man in a talk about how he would prefer more violence in our little country .
it looked simple and quaint enough , typical of a million such places in the country .
imagine the country being invaded and the foreign police coming and taking you out of your house .
except he ended up in a street prison because some bad guys invaded his country .
imagine a whole country being invaded .
he died long before you were born , way away in another country .
for all i knew , it could encircle the earth like one of saturn 's rings around that gaseous planet , cutting across seas , diving countries , punching holes through mountains , or scaling them .
hard to think of it , but you could get lost and die in places in this country .
` ` fingers curled around the wire diamonds '' in 2000 a statistic was published : 175 million people live outside their home country , including some 12 million refugees .
you get me caught , you get me kicked out this country , i 'll come back and wipe your family from history .
not his original name , for he 'd entered this country as a citizen when his parents bought a business off some other indian family .
he had only just passed his test when he arrived in this country , but already his dad had bought him a brand new bmw that swamped his tiny frame .
mack knew that when sammison first arrived in this country , he 'd been shown the finger and told that it was a kind greeting to one 's elders and betters , and sammison had shown tutors and parents and friends his good manners before learning the embarrassing truth , and since then when someone flipped him the bird , he went apeshit .
the government was now going to charge us a kind of toll , or rent , for existence in the country , for inclusion into society .
but i knew that some of the residents of this street were wealthy people who might enjoy riding horses when they were n't shaping the country or fucking over the little people .
the economy was picking up there and , as jobs and money became available , fewer iraqis were susceptible to efforts to get them to fight each other and the allied forces that remained in the country .
order in afghanistan was quickly deteriorating as warlords and poppy - growers took over the country .
there were simply not enough troops to restore order in all parts of the country .
salman khan , the new pakistani president , was unwilling to allow american troops to conduct operations in his country .
pakistan had been the first stop of the trip the thinking being that this would highlight the country 's importance to the u.s . but to no avail .
the new pakistani president had vowed on the campaign trail that only his government would decide when and how u.s . combat troops were allowed inside the country 's borders .
if not exactly friendly toward them , this salman khan was at least condoning their being in , and operating from , his country .
sweeney found himself briefly considering that term quarter and its history with respect to his own country .
you have all of these america - hating young men in my country and in pakistan , the pro - western afghan president had said in a frank conversation with sweeney .
instead of using mass transportation , people throughout the country either chose to stay home or used cars or cabs to reach their destinations .
hassan wanted to leave the country as quickly as possible , but had left himself a little time to spare , and now used it to observe the atmosphere .
it was an odd experience to know that he was responsible for the chaos in the airport indeed , around the country .
in recent years , the group had staged some high - profile attacks in england and mainland europe , but had primarily focused its activities on muslim countries , especially those in turmoil , such as afghanistan and pakistan .
in addition , an offshoot of the group , as - sirat in iraq , had wreaked havoc in the war - torn country , claiming many military and civilian lives there .
there was an outpouring of support at most u.s . embassies around the world , with people placing candles or flowers at the fences , along with cards wishing the country well in the midst of its freshest tragedy .
it 's also not like he can count on sympathy from anybody in this country and nobody in their right mind would want to be associated with him right now , so i ' m hopeful we 'll get him soon , stevenson concluded .
americans are ignorant of the hardships that their country has caused to millions .
since you are doing nothing to educate yourself about your country 's actions , it is time that the fight will once again be brought to your doorstep .
but it was mind boggling to see this kid , fresh out of college , turn on his country like that .
everybody in the country was looking for this kid .
the two had left for the cruise a week ago and were scheduled to be out of the country for four more days .
fortunately , their decision to cooperate in any way possible eliminated the potential headaches that could have resulted from forcefully removing two american citizens from another country .
he also knew that just about everybody in his home country , including people he cared about , hated him .
the two countries shared a border of more than 1,300 miles and , despite all of its might , the u.s.s powerful arm had not been able to extend its reach to waziristan .
criminals make mistakes , they leave trails , but it was as though this one had just managed to disappear even though an entire country was looking for him .
what was the point of returning to the country without using a regular border crossing ?
our records show that he traveled there but did not reenter the country .
bob , do the same with whoever found out that the terrorist is not in the country anymore .
in the long history of our country , this is the first time that an american muslim has turned on the united states and engaged in an act of terrorism against their home country .
just one , out of the millions of muslims who , every minute of every hour of every day , are doing their part to make this country great .
visit a mosque , get to know a muslim neighbor a little bit better or simply go to the white house website where you can see what kind of accomplishments and sacrifices muslims have made to make america the great country that it is .
it 's just the quickest way out of the country and planes go to all parts of the region from nassau .
however , nobody using that passport has left the country .
there is also a possibility that he used a boat to leave the country , so the coast guard and the navy are moving some resources that way .
it was not so much a question directed at mcclintock and more a way for the fbi director to voice his frustration that the terrorist had managed to slip out of the country .
yet somehow this guy managed to get a fake passport that is good enough to allow him to leave this country hours after a terrorist attack .
also , someone who flees the country normally has a destination they are trying to reach .
to have a normal , young american not only wanting to join the cause but also carrying out an attack against his country on his own was truly a gift from allah .
it had always been much more difficult to get his men into the united states than any other country , especially after the attacks of 2001 .
he loathed the country and its people .
they pretended to believe in a god , but the country was clearly the most godless place on earth .
the fbi director had announced that evidence suggested that the suspect managed to leave the country .
he had to do everything he could to keep the country together and prevent the rift between muslims and other americans from widening .
in this case , a dc socialite , who never even thought twice about postponing the event in light of the national tragedy that had taken place the day before , was pleased to see that her gathering had attracted one of the men of the hour and that the dni was making an appearance despite his obvious obligations to the country .
america should take notice that its own people are turning on their country .
after realizing that it was hassan al - zaid who had carried out the washington attack and managed to flee the country , the restaurant owner drove to tijuana , mexico , visited an internet cafe , and used a new skype account and a prepaid credit card , to place a call to islamabad .
they had signed up for the special operations to do some good for their country , not to sit on their hands in afghanistan while the terrorists were laughing their asses off in pakistan .
a cryin ' shame that we allow anybody into this country , the taller of the men said .
if they were dealing with a lone wolf attacker who had been planning his escape for many months and managed to slip out of the country , it would have been remarkable had he been found already .
what you are doing is an exceptional act of heroism and i wish every american , instead of condemning you , knew what you are doing for your country .
right now , they were part of a black operation in a country that had recently not been on the friendliest of terms with the united states .
chris , this is n't about my legacy , it 's about many people putting their country ahead of themselves , making sacrifices for the common good of our nation , the president said .
instead , it was about doing something for their country .
i know it does n't seem to make sense , but you have to believe me that this would do the country a favor .
maybe i could have you over for dinner in a couple of weeks to thank you for agreeing to help the country out .
we do n't want there to be anything that will link you to your identity as you cross the country .
all he knew was that it was odd that the two local news stories from different parts of the country sounded so similar .
this gave hassan the chance to try out his cover story , and he was delighted to see that younis never seemed to doubt the tale of a young american muslim who grew disenchanted with his country and aspired to join as - sirat .
hassan hoped that the day 's journey would indeed lead him to omar bashir and that he would be able to serve his country in a more meaningful way than playing a soccer game .
i think the administration should have done more to keep the people in my district and across the country safe .
you 're in our country now , hassan , nasir said .
like i said , this is our country .
sure , they had all been terminally ill , but each of them still had given up the last few months of their lives for their country and this mission , instead of spending the time with their loved ones .
in fact , they had to search the entire country to find their 50 volunteers .
so wait until i tell everybody that you were one of your country 's best .
mcclintock had spent his entire adult life in the service of his country , and at an age when others started their families , he was spying on the soviet union .
they all happened to be on the same bus , coming to washington from different parts of the country .
even if he did , nasir was probably right about this being as - sirat country .
then , even though i was the most wanted man in the country , i got away .
he was by far the most difficult to reach , in a country that had the toughest surveillance and the lowest number of as - sirat assets .
some people in this country are assholes .
privately , and he would never admit this to anybody , it was a good thing that the country had seen hassan reach omar bashir .
it was even worse for staffers and reporters because for them some of the country 's most historically significant buildings were just work places .
what the world witnessed was an act of heroism by patriotic americans , most of whom sacrificed the last months of their lives for their country .
it would also be a death sentence for hassan al - zaid , one of the great heroes in this country 's history .
he looked up and recognized the young reporter whom he regarded as a snotty kid who had n't earned the right to being a reporter for one of the top newspapers in the country .
while we have all hated him , this kid has been risking his life for our country and i expect you to do the same for him .
it seems that omar bashir is holed up in the town of andan in the north of your country .
his last act was to give his life for his country .
earlier today he was named an honorary new york yankee for his service to the country , the announcer continued .
given the results of pathfinder , americans had quickly forgiven him for having deceived the country .
this underclass was clear to see in housing estates all around the country .
as labour costs were now very low in britain , the country was starting to benefit from its competitiveness in overseas markets .
the tv media came under state control and announcements were made about how they , this cohort of patriotic men , led by tony garside , were going to clean up the country .
he was of course very reluctant to allow such , what he called , extremely strict and severe measures to be forced on his subjects , but i convinced him that if we had to sort out the mess the country was in there was no choice .
containment pens were visible all over the country and were filling up .
gentlemen , you have often heard me thump the table in disgust and frustration at what is happening in our country .
we have already established leadership groups around the country whose prime aim up until now was to provide support for the local population .
i have no doubt that they are as sick of what is happening in our country as we are .
she has been sickened by what is happening and wants an end to the lunatic who s destroying this country .
i knew commissioner reynolds personally and he was a good man , dedicated to helping me make this country a safe place in which to live and work .
garside is still running the country , we continue to live in a police state , individuals are disappearing and we see our communities suffering on a daily basis .
edward grainger had left the country and his whereabouts were unknown .
no point in attempting to contact grainger unless he decides to return to this country and as far as boyce is concerned , it would seem likely that he is back in garsides pocket .
we may need to go outside of the country to do any investing ; garside will be keeping a close watch on new investors .
he had been warned that he was being sought after so a considerable amount of help was required from johns contacts in france and in this country .
you abused this country and its people by your greed and corrupt dealings with those in power .
you will be escorted to one of our units in the north of the country and will be held there until i believe our immediate business is complete .
he must be got rid of , he is making my job of running this country impossible .
a major rebuild of schools and hospitals will take place and ... john interrupted hang on a minute guys , this country is currently bankrupt where is all the finance for this coming from ?
he wished she could be with him now especially now that he was about to launch the final push to take back the country for the people .
i built this country up from an anarchic , crime ridden rubbish tip to a crime free , vibrant economy .
you did nt care about this country or its people .
they saw opportunities for vast profits in this country and i gave them the opening , for a fee of course .
the people are now back in control of their country and you can go to hell .
we will enshrine what we have called the peoples charter in every city in the country , in every school ; college and university so that everyone can read it , adopt it and live by it .
the npa was one of the few rebel groups in the world fully armed with american weapons instead of weapons from communist or former communist bloc countries .
it was remote , isolated from the rest of the country 's troubles , unpolluted by vehicles , and quiet .
in the later years she had taken a keen interest in her country 's politics .
during a short lived relationship with a young medical graduate , also disenchanted with the politics of the country , they both fled into the jungles of north cotabato in south mindanao , near davao city .
she believed in her country and her people .
3/ show the usa , the world bank and the world in general that the government did not have effective control of the people , country or the countryside by mounting military operations .
their government self - serving attitude to de - afforestation of rainforest timbers , whaling and wildlife outside of their own country was hypocritical , but if their press and government could help her cause , she would use them .
on establishment of the philippine communist cental government , it required recognition of western mindanao as a separate country .
small groups of active npa members from various factions around the country began arriving into the jungles of the cotabato area of mindanao .
people now passing them by looked in the direction of the ` ` americano '' , as all europeans were called , irrespective of which country they came from .
all this was happening in a good catholic country ?
` ` aziz , what do you do to people who steal in your country ? ''
he had a seemingly endless collection of stories and jokes from the many different countries he had been to .
throughout the country , outside seventy military bases of various sizes , her people were getting ready for action .
by having such a widespread attack , warvic wanted the armed forces to think it was an all out assault on all the bases throughout the country .
the actions of the troops were never able to be exploited by any marcos opponents because the incidents were sanitised and changed before reaching outside negros let alone outside the country .
it reinforced her plan to sow as much confusion as possible throughout the country .
others say armed invasions are reported all up and down the country by an as yet unidentified enemy .
navy installations have been bombarded from the sea , and some army bases in the country have reported ongoing attacks from tanks and heavily armoured vehicles .
military and police bases were hit right throughout the country , including the local militia in daet .
normal telephone and radio links throughout most of the country have failed . ''
` ` even as injured as i am , i ' m still the only one with contacts who can keep you hidden and get you out of the country . ''
those who do are rewarded by finding the true nature of the country where the people and the countryside are as diverse as any place on earth .
he knew the country ; the people , the way they think there .
there was a time when beautiful mysterious south africa , with the rich culture and history of its peoples , with its extraordinary wildlife , was considered gods country .
see my son , how different it is for black people in our country .
the arrangement led to power shortages and blackouts throughout the country .
yet it was hardly surprising when she learned about his years of fighting guys in gangs and the outrages he had suffered in the army , to say nothing of the violence of daily life in a country that had ordinary people packing guns .
what a mad , fucking country !
fifa is considering whether it will be safe to hold the football world cup here or to move it to another country .
what has become of this god - forsaken country ?
the jewish youth growing up in their segregated and insular communities were far removed from the poverty and brutality of the real life of the country .
as a platoon it was expected that they would act together in each others interest and for the greater defence of their country .
he s going to have to leave the country though , steve said .
everyone had truly believed that he would outsmart the military police and escape the country .
alan patons cry the beloved country had compelling revealed the complex social and racial alignments that wove the fabric of south africas human experience .
for ben , it was no longer a question of if but when he was going to leave the country of his birth , and he knew that dahlia was ready too .
the more the beer flowed , the more he found to lament : what s the country coming to ?
but it was a different time in a different country to now .
it must have been awful for you , growing up as the son of a servant in a racist country .
your father left this country wealthy .
no matter how much time had passed , however much life had changed , although he was in a new country , building dreams and conquering challenges and finally believing that peace and quiet were just around the corner , here he was again ready for an onslaught .
benjamin , his real son , should be the focus of his pride now , though he would always be grateful that ben had made it possible for him to be educated , ensuring him a better chance in the harsh country in which they remained .
their families had stashed the money away over the years , always anticipating that one day the blacks would take over the country and the jews would be the first to get it , like they did in germany .
he was afraid for his family , so he sent them out of the country .
it was max - fucking - macgowan , the number - two supplier in the country .
also that you must walk with wisaka , john whitehorse , for there are no deer left in this country .
we came from a northern country of forests and lakes , forced to move many times over many seasons to reach this final home , far to the south .
all the way from that undiscovered country .
but this country ai nt going it alone , by any means .
rising numbers are jobless and homeless and hungry even here , in the very heart of the empire , in the richest country the world has ever known .
you do nt have our ridiculous caste system in your country .
and if the royals get to exchange one less gift on a day many in the country are jobless and scraping by , i say tough titty biscuits .
wellwhat i have to tell you , few people in this country know , and if i do tell you , and you then repeat what you learn to anyone else , the united states government could press for the death penalty ... .but i think you will find what i want to tell you very interesting .
if only she could change , become a better wife ... over the next two years , derek and kate had met several times : at conferences , on work - related business trips , and several times for weekends when joshua was out of the country visiting business clients .
what country are you from anyway ? ''
he only had another year to go before he could buy that fishing boat , and spend the rest of his days fishing in the deep blue waters off the coast of puerto rico , his favorite country in the whole world .
illness was common amongst seafarers , particularly after visiting a new port in a new country .
until she had moved halfway across the country for college , kristen had lived her entire life in that neighborhoodthat house .
but for the likes of zoran , this was his country .
kill / be killed live / die there were no grey areas and there was no way that a monster like zoran could ever function in any peaceful democratic society which was what these beautiful countries were hoping to be .
they told her about the most extreme orgy in town probably the whole country .
most of this came from countries like china , taiwan , japan , korea , malaysia and thailand .
in china , like most asian countries , the dollar can go a long way and the lure of western riches makes this lifestyle addictive for quite a lot of chinese women .
eventually the police caught up with her and judith was kicked out of the country , sent on a ship to italy .
angry at his country , the war , the deaths , the pointlessness of it all .
derek had a duty to complete this game , for one last time , before leaving and never again setting foot in his own country .
they were communist guerrillas and there was fear they would take over the country .
do you think this is how my parents felt when i was out running all over the country ?
the other day i spent a few hours driving through northern virginia , one of the countrys most affluent and popular areas .
i ' m glad to see he has hit it off with william , apparently they were both freshman college students who were off hiking in two different parts of the country when the virus hit , so they somehow survived .
and in front of you the washington monument pointing upwards towards the heavens at all the great presidents and leaders who have set foot in this country and along the sides the smithsonian 's brick structures full of american treasures .
if only they could see me now , one of the final three candidates for the director of our little country .
chapter 26 about an hour later we are all gathered in the wood paneled lee dining room where many important dinners and meetings have been held in the past when we actually had a real country , but do nt that let take anything away from my position as a director .
once again her influence reaches from the other side of the country .
every word and gesture and smile that marked what they were doing to their country and kin as normal drove him into a frenzy .
now he would see only a stump blown apart by shellfire , a porridge of blood and oil in a landmine crater , a hand clawed in the still air and his knife stealing what little beauty he d managed to find in that foreign country .
his life began in a foreign country when he was a murderous twenty - two .
new york is the heart of our country and the blood it is pumping out is poisoned .
hitler , you see , has learnt from the russia revolution that when a powerful army places pressure on a country , the first cracks appear at the centre .
you solve one case a year and expect every newspaper in the country to put you on the front page for it .
at the time , i was out of the country , in some goddamn dust bowl of a hellhole , fighting for who knows what patch of oil .
this was quickly followed by chinas central bank announcement to prohibit financial institutions in the country from process or insuring bitcoin transactions .
thousands upon thousands of european immigrants from all over like italy , russia , scotland , the scandinavian countries , germany , poland , ireland , and others came to this land and were treated disrespectfully as welleveryones just trying to make a living .
well , many people are out there saying that the minutemen project focuses specifically on illegal immigration flowing from mexico , mostly from spanish - speaking countries , not necessarily emphasizing or addressing illegal immigration from asia or africa , and well europe i guess , with reluctance i interrupted .
would you happen to know anything about supercorridors throughout this region , or anywhere else in the country for that matter ?
i thought about contacting sebastian salaberri the urban planner , an old friend from back home , but i remembered he had been living outside of the country for a few years now .
look at what s going on all over the country .
essentially , the superhighway system is going to be the largest privatized toll road in the country , stretching from mexico , cutting through and gutting out the heartlandthe countryside of the united states , and then making its way through canada .
all transportation of goods will come through here , through the different ports around the country .
this will be considered treason to american citizens who will have to pay foreign companies for the right to commute on their highway system across the country .
she was a proud native , the supercorridors throughout the state of texas were her concern , not the port entrances throughout the country .
displacement was happening all over the country , but kansas city had a significant increase of displaced peoples .
the main goal of this port , which i discovered was an inland port , serviced through rail freight rather than ocean freight , was to facilitate the transportation of national and international goods through the kansas city inland port , via the lazaro cardenas seaport in michoacn , mexico , to the middle of the country through rail or superhighway service , along the missouri river .
i went straight to it , so mr . wharton , this kansas city port seems to be an ambitious project for future international trade coming from east asian countries in the pacific .
and also , kansas city is strategically located near three major intersections of the united states , which are accessible for fluid mobility throughout the middle of the country .
i read a report , according to the missouri department of economic development , if i m not mistaken , it said something about transferring the old air force base to a private developer to set up a new customs facility for a mexican customs checkpoint here in the heartland of the country .
security screening is already vigorously enhancedby getting screened in asia before departure , then with gamma - ray pre - screenings in michoacn , mexico , not to mention gps tracking devices , then on to kansas city for distribution throughout the middle of the country .
well , of course its cheaper to ship to mexico , were talking about a developing country here .
then , they ll arrive in the lazaro cardenas port in michoacn , where they will be pre - screened for entry into the country to make its way to the united states .
in addition , my parents met in cuernavaca , i had a fondness for the country even though some mexicans had complexes towards argentineans .
how are they going to get all that cargo to kansas cityto that new port were developing there to be spread across the heart of the country ?
this texas state senatorjohn corona , he s the ceo of one of the largest property management companies in the whole country , well he s been charged with being a slumlord because he has hazardous condos all over texas .
he was in danger of becoming a good manhe tried to do his duty for his country .
well , its an organization made up of thirty ceos of different private corporations from mexico , the united states , and canadaten from each country .
keep this in mind okay , eurocarril is a spanish company with toll road operations in mexico and canada , well among other countries as well , but north america is our concern .
fayetteville , texas was a refuge for greek immigrants escaping political instability back in the old country , bringing with them a traditional christian orthodox background .
canada has about twenty percent of the earths fresh water supply spread throughout the entire country , but there is a serious danger of losing the supply through the economic regionatlantica , which is quebec and the maritimes on the canadian side , straddled south of the border with new england and upstate new york .
no questions were asked when we left the country to canada .
i imagined torture by proxyextraordinary rendition , what if this fbi agent was transferring our interrogation to canada for that shooting , or some other country where these types of practices were legal ?
igor was young when this happened , but he remembered fleeing the country with the family , knowing well that castro backstabbed them .
do nt be nave , you re only half - argentinean on your mothers sideyoure american , you re concerned with nafta because you re a patriot to this country .
after i left he would be fleeing the country to mexico .
his mum had been like that , plump and shiny , almost until the day she died ten years ago , and now his wife had taken over her tribal role , as tribe grandmother , even though her true country was somewhere out at the edge of the stone country where the jim jim creek came over those waterfalls .
his mum had been like that , plump and shiny , almost until the day she died ten years ago , and now his wife had taken over her tribal role , as tribe grandmother , even though her true country was somewhere out at the edge of the stone country where the jim jim creek came over those waterfalls .
they followed a path mostly over water , the distant shapes of countries of the mediterranean , the arabian gulf and the indian ocean passed below her .
david was full of appreciation , both of her and the country , it for its natural beauty and its history , for her with a sort of puppy love , which she found winsome in this mature and accomplished man .
i had forgotten how beautiful my own country was and i have got such enjoyment out of sharing it with you and seeing it through your eyes as well as my own .
so it was likely that this operation was done in a third world country because in a developed country such an injury would normally have been repaired with a plate and screws , according to a surgeon that sandy had talked to in darwin hospital .
something must have happened , to change what was apparently an affectionate relationship , which lasted all the way to timber creek , into a situation where , within 48 hours , mark bennet was dead and you were fleeing the country in a way where you sought to remove all evidence of you being together .
after that she never again spoke another word except yes or no to any of us until when we left the country .
mark told vic an english girl he would be travelling there with him , and it was something in his voice that let vic know she was different ; he said her really wanted to show her a good time and also explain his love for this country .
the crocodile spirits have been calling , the blackfella totem ones from that top end country where they gave me my skin name .
in my country we hunt and kill crocodile , eat meat of crocodile .
you seem to have come here to tour this country and so seem to be having plenty of time ; but i have none .
so , i ve focused of the northern territory and the western part of the country .
nourlangie and ubirr are the most visited rock art locations in the country , and they happen to be located in this park .
if anyone finds out what has happened here it could cause a panic across the entire country .
i know this country like the back of my hand and monti is the best man i know , so between the two of us , this wo nt be hard at all .
the fighters went to bangkok , and we landed at pattaya beach in the southern part of the country .
its amazing how different the cultures can be from country to country , i say .
my mom was an amateur egyptologist and really wanted to visit the country she loved to study , so dad decided to take four weeks off one summer and go .
my dad respectfully said no , and explained that in our country , young girls go to school and get an education before they marry .
when my dad moved to st . louis with the team in 1995 , i was bummed , because i was leaving the ocean to go live in the middle of the country , but i am glad we did .
she started telling me things about my country as soon as i set eyes on her .
she came out of the tent and told her husband , get me out of this dreadful country , so they left that afternoon .
he knows this country , and if anyone can get us out of here , its dane .
dane , you are a native of our country .
i was a young man , and remember that everyone across the entire country turned their lights on that evening for the astronaut in trouble .
i hope your journey back to darwin and your country is a safe journey .
i have really grown to love the country and have made so many friends here in such a short time .
i do nt know the rules about bringing animals into the country , so i will have to find out more about that .
only in the united states could he have arrived as a poor student thirty years ago , armed only with a degree in electronic engineering and a will to succeed , and turned his dream into a reality that spanned every state of the country , and overflowed into europe and beyond .
we originally believed that martin was carrying the orlando file with him out of the country on his lear , and hence the necessity to ensure we intercepted his flight .
a killer who fled the country .
most drugs are mass produced and spread out over the town or county or state or country .
lumber from a larger , denser woodlands had to have been brought in from another state or even another country .
his hatred of god , of man , of country .
hey , its a free country .
a lyric that most people never reach drifted up to diaz now : o beautiful for heroes proved in liberating strife , who more than self their country loved , and mercy more than life .
it could ve been from any south american country .
while the poet was in one country , these specific art pieces were discovered in another country .
while the poet was in one country , these specific art pieces were discovered in another country .
it was a country rich with history and culture .
out of my apartment , out of my life and , if i could arrange it , out of the country .
until last week i had thought travelling alone to foreign countries had been an unequalled achievement for me .
just because a few russians are abusing their power does nt mean the whole country is bad .
after he was debriefed to exhaustion , interpol gave him a new identity and sent him to another country .
these were countries like georgia , armenia , moldova .
aside from the many times that russia has come up in my research , hungary is the one country that has come up time and time again .
they were currently in an off phase while matthew was out of the country .
we do nt believe he s in the country .
twenty miles away is new country .
i ve fought for my country .
in this country , when family comes for a visit , we invite them to a meal , alex said .
he is in the country , ben said .
so you re not absolutely sure that he ever left this country ?
and there was no indication that he intended to return to this country during the last few days ? ''
i believe they were thinking of offering you the job of sales manager for the whole of this country .
in a country like this the powerful , the high - born and the very rich often behaved as if they were above the law .
it was not unusual for them to run their own part of the country in the way they wished rather than in the way the government would have wished .
he firmly believed that the citizens of any town , city , state , or country should have complete authority over everything they did .
i heard that in philippines , an ex - filipino can always get his home country citizenship after he leaves singapore . ` `
` ` do n't you reckon we ought to be out on the road somewhere , getting out of this country , at least ? ''
true she was twenty - eight , a little old to be unmarried back in her home country in chennai , india , but he did n't care .
i bet everybody in the whole country knows what we done . ''
and the whole country would know .
we 'd live in another country and stay clean there , and we can live on a few dollars in thailand as they have a lower cost of living .
many times , a mother faced with such infamy and with the immensity of these crimes would have abandoned his son , changed her name and left the country .
i tried writing notes to leave for her : i am a working person vitally concerned about the welfare of our country .
today we are so much richer - one of the richest country by per capita income .
in april 2007 singapore became the first country in asia to have its postal market fully liberalised .
if we did not make this complaint loudly in the social media about how we can not secure a single job in singapore , our own country , this government will pretend not to know and continue to sing the praises of the foreign talent .
and most are working under us that 's why some are bitter cos they are working under foreigners ' while they are in their own country .
so , welcome to our family ! ... ... .. your loyalty which is your country , who are your fellow citizens and the emotional attachment of you and your family , the places , the memories , where you feel you really belong .
the desert clan is more powerful at present , but only because the coyotes are spread so thinly across the country while the desert clan in concentrated on a few large metropolis areas .
i ' ve seen it over and over againin the newspapers , on television , all over this country , sometimes even in this ohio valley .
he did not have guilt feelings about being from a supposed wealthy country .
managed correctly , all the resources could be husbanded without damage to the environment and the whole country would benefit .
ken yamada knew that during his american education he had been asked if he was brazilian or from many of the other latin american countries .
i hear new zealand is a beautiful country . ''
the scuttlebutt was that abdul had accepted money from a turkish - based world organization called toprak esir inc . , believed to be the financial might and momentum behind the financial crash and subsequent political takeover of praia , a small and rather insignificant country located in the cape verde islands off the western coast of africa .
the existing laws were probably sufficient to protect the country , but they had not been truly enforced for decades .
this body was designed by our fathers to champion and serve the tired and poor huddled masses of this country and the world .
the only throne we have a god - given right to sit upon is that porcelain throne in the mens washroom , not in this sacred hall and not in this sacred country .
for the past 26 months , i and my distinguished colleagues have investigated the comings and goings of one of our own and i am loath to share with you today that our findings show indisputable proof of mr . fariss fraud on this country and on the people of the great state of oregon .
we must focus on the root from which he sprang and the reason such a travesty of this proportion could go unchecked in this country .
our most sacred freedom in this great country was our freedom of speech .
i say was because we live in a country where it no longer exists .
i only pray our beloved country does .
gus resumed his lead of the conversation , gentlemen and nodding to veronica , lady , it is no secret and we do nt have to be politically correct in here , but there is a plot to over throw this country and it has been in play a great many years .
belarus was a rather forgotten country about two - thirds the size of poland , its immediate western neighbor .
in the fashion of old - time warfare , russia displaced all the peoples of the invaded countries that were not destroyed and scattered them in the interior of mother russia .
when their operation was discovered , they killed a foreman and buried his body in the tailings and fled the country ; volunteering as soldiers of fortune in russia .
the kremlin hung two unknown war prisoners in their stead and then helped hengist and horsa set up a corporation in turkey to whom they awarded 350,000 square miles of land and cities in the new russian territory of turkmenistan , which included nearly all of the former country of turkmenistan .
experts are concerned since this farmers experience is typical across the country as well as on the continent .
i hardly think he has poked his head out of camp david since taking office to say nothing of being aware he has a country to run .
i said that you had been following events in your country and came to see me in an effort to get unsanctioned information .
i have not and given that we are prisoners in your country i did nt think any calls out of the country would be allowed so i have not ventured .
i have not and given that we are prisoners in your country i did nt think any calls out of the country would be allowed so i have not ventured .
matt jumped to his feet but gus put out his arm to stop him from doing anything stupid and motioned him to sit , gentlemen , while i have only been away from my country for a couple days , i can hardly think things have deteriorated to this .
we are not allowed to leave the country at the moment nor probably even the hotel without an escort .
the whole country was as ignorant and exposed as a fish in a barrel .
those embassies are their property , quite literally their country has been bombed on our watch , under our care and you ignorantly think we can claim neutrality .
shay looked at a picture of his grandfather on his desk and lamented , for the first time i think know how my grandfather felt about living in a country he loved and feared .
he loved this country and would have laid down his life for it without a thought .
during the 30s , most of the london tube and train system was replaced with an ultra - fast monorail that could travel at 250 miles per hour in the country , and with the new rail stop under the palace , royal visitors could be dispatched from almost anywhere in the country directly to the palace and other government buildings quickly and securely .
sadly , federal elections in our country have turned into a contest for lazy opportunists to get on the gravy train .
as he sat contemplating the hydra his country faced , the crisis with many heads that consisted first and foremost of his countrys impending war with the middle east followed by the minimum effects and now their greatest ally and friend crumbling to pieces .
it was very obvious that the painting depicted victory after a great battle , but the king was claiming victory for his country on behalf of god .
the more veronica stared at the painting and understood its meaning she concluded the king must be alfred the great ; the first king of all of england who drove the vikings out of his country after years of viking occupation and innumerable bitter , bloody battles .
she took a very deep and depressed sigh and said out loud , so mary queen of scots , it appears we are sistersimprisoned in luxury in a foreign country .
more than that , she felt alone , very alone in a foreign country surrounded by strangers with thick accents .
my country is falling apart , my friends have been sent into the eye of the storm and i m to be protected here for some reason .
we have a gifted scientist in a foreign country who can determine blood line origins and you showed up on our radar so - to - speak about three weeks ago .
with only one ship and only one mortality , he had conquered the entire country of algiersand without a single shot being fired .
through the harbinger , horsa informed his brother that the disruption forces in iran and iraq that had been used to create the ruse to migrate a refugee army across both countries into van , turkey had successfully relocated to payas , a small mediterranean fishing village on the coast of turkey , are you ready for the disruption forces in algeria my lord ?
eventually it became a profit center for the refineries and the environmentalists continued to push its use in concrete to the point that today in every country in the world the concrete they use contains vast amounts of fly ashand thereforevast amounts of arsenic ; and when arsenic and ozone get it on , you have very impressive and very deadly display of fireworks .
this will ensure that many civilians will flee the country into morocco .
hengist saw the soldier to the door and returned to his merlot and continued speaking to himself , and i will then add all of the country of algeria to topraks real estate holdings , and all their oil .
at the time of the roman invasion , many native english fled into the north and eventually left the country across the germanic sea , settling in saxony .
hidden among the group that fled the country was an unnamed royal princess , the rightful heir of the english throne before rome invaded .
within a few weeks , the entire roman army left behind to defend the country was destroyed by the small anglo - saxon army headed by hengist and horsa ; the stallion and the horse who rode over all of england destroying anything that opposed them .
another interesting fact was when the anglo - saxons were invaded and militarily challenged , the invasion forces were allowed to stay in the country so long as they took a vow of peace and agreed to be baptized christians .
moran told the king about topraks plan for algiers and how they were planning a takeover of the country although it was not clear exactly how .
they released them last night in several countries of which england was one .
as they entered the city , they began shooting at random especially taking note to kill civilians in order to create a terrified migration out of the country into morocco .
civil unrest in the u.s . had spread and was now taking the shape of a small civil war as citizens were taking sides and some were migrating to various areas of the country based upon their allegiances .
without anyone being able to post to the transnet or make calls out of the country , the rest of the world had little knowledge of what was really happening in the u.s . and the true extent of the crisis .
despite his young age of 34 , the general had perhaps the most wartime experience of any one in the country , military or civilian and he knew if hank had been taken , they had only seconds to make a decision before an ambush .
i and my men have come to assist you in bringing order to your country if you will bestow us with your will .
it is my desire to make you lord of this country .
the king smiled and nodded confirming that she had heard him correctly , trust mei am the rainmaker in this country , it will rain today .
he was noticeably upset by not knowing what was happening to his country .
the whole country you mean , interrupted the rector .
the archdeacon continued to remove shards of glass from the kings face as he spoke , so all concrete structures newer than 1950 will be or already are destroyed in the country ?
moran nodded then added , i believe so , but not just the country but indeed the whole world .
however , england has largely been destroyed i surmise due to the vast number of modern developments in that country .
once that happens , what we will be left with is a scattered and scared people in a vast country of ash ; underscoring again our position of strength .
seeing that he had no transport or short - term hope of getting back to belarus , hengist put his soldiers to work , harvesting all the fields that were not destroyed during the minimum and gathering all the spoils of the country of morocco into a single place .
general horsa from the country of the former united states .
three weeks ago , matthew led the ravenguard into east anglia hunting fenrir since it appeared to be the area most infested in the country .
the minimum had left the country in ruins except for the older buildings of course and anything that was made of concrete older than 1950 .
the king had instigated a state administered dole where all recipients were required to perform tasks that contributed to society and the general good of the country .
the king spoke emotionally for several minutes of morans brilliance and spiritual gifts and how it was morans discovery of the minimum that led him to prepare his country over 10 years ago .
the knights templar church was the location where king john surrendered the country of england to god and agreed to become a papal vassal in 1213 .
even though the decision was very unpopular with the barons of the country , the location had since been known as a place of great surrender .
upon hearing matthews report , the council immediately sent couriers throughout the country warning them to stay out of east anglia north of thetford and it was n't long before the area was quickly renamed the forbidden forest .
veronica was resting her chin on her hand , listening intently , like the fenrir in this country .
plant 114 was located in an asian country .
the large door , spanning the full width of the stern , rolled up and disappeared inside the hull , just like sections of a garage door on most houses across the country .
i am a highly rated pilot for this particular sikorsky , having logged more non - incident hours than most pilots around the country .
china is a very impressive country , ms . liu .
the chinese people have been afraid that the u.s . may one day invade our country .
he poked about for a couple minutes , finding mostly items typical of a business office : piles of memos and charts , office equipment , and a stack of maps from china and a number of other asian and european countries .
i have to say that there is no country with a richer tapestry of mythology and folklore than china , leonard said .
it has risen up , against great odds at times , and has united itself as a country .
if she s to work against her own country , it helps that she is convicted in her belief that the c.c.p .
it was hard to develop much trust in others when , if his true identity was discovered in this alien country , it could lead to a death sentence .
` ` this country saw fit to organise its intelligence services in a way that covered all the needs of the state . ''
` ` is that they are allowed to break almost any law in this country that they see fit to break , '' ` ` well , that 's '' i started .
` ` for king and country and all that eh ? ''
i knew exactly why i was here and i was nt doing anything out of a sense of altruism no matter how much i told myself that it was for the good of the country .
vigne was the kind of man that , when in a foreign country , would need to write down any essential phrases so he could recite them later on .
i was told my work would be for the good for the country .
i would like to sing you a song from my own fair country of ireland .
for king and country and all we stand for . ''
i m sure geoffrey and i will be out of the country , amanda went on .
he operated a prostitution ring that pioneered the practice of bringing illegal immigrants into the country with the promise of citizenship .
ms . stallings , we have reason to believe john carmichael may have been involved with conrad harper and a man named nathan kane in importing illegal drugs into the country .
when he s taken care of business , hell leave the country , maybe settle down in costa rica .
donovan and his friends were likely using the caskets to bring drugs into the country .
kane decides hell have his own fully stocked cellar once everything is settled and he leaves the country .
with all the supplies being ferried back and forth , it would nt be that hard to smuggle some drugs into the country .
of course that can be said for any banned substance in any country .
afghanistan is an ancient country .
driving with him halfway across the country with me to deal with my sister 's murder seemed a little too close to comfort .
its why the country put you here .
if you ca nt take over a small country with what s in your essentials and what i just gave you , then , well , you re in trouble .
ill continue on by taking out new york , or the capital , or even the little towns throughout the country .
after all , the duck tours were for tourists coming to the city from all over the country , not for the locals .
today , she continued , you serve not only your home state of massachusetts , but you are serving your country .
the president wanted to blame al - quida or just someone in the middle east , but it turns out it was right here in the country .
the son had looked forward to this olympic football tournament match between their home country , the united states , and the great britain team .
but i must cleanse the world of the infidel filth that is in this country .
i do nt think customs would let us bring one into the country when we get back home , tommy .
he wanted to lord over that knowledge , the knowledge that he gave them those nightmares payment for the nightmares that echoed in the ears of afghani children , his young brothers and sisters in allah , after the americans struck his country in 2001 .
there s no reason on the face of the earth for you to remove me from my plane , or hold me in your country .
but now , his country was a bloodbath of revolution , and violence was the rule of the day .
i was an intelligence agent then , but no longer needed in his country .
director cruz feigned appreciation with a grin , unintentionally twisting his lips into a frightening snarl , before asking , gentlemen , how does a seventy year old migrant worker command your priceless attention while sneaking this great cargo of marijuana into our country ?
someday , i must visit your country , he rejoined .
now , tell me , has either one of you ever worked in a foreign country ?
but i find it helpful and more discreet to greet special visitors to our country , like yourself .
go to the airport immediately , board your flight , and leave my country .
you two will return to your country .
he smiled and shrugged , i am only a police chief in a small city , in a small country .
but now he walks the earth alone , without country , without family , without friends , without name .
are we getting out of this country , today ?
harkin , our mission was to illegally execute an old man in a foreign country .
in fact , they were not settling in the community , except to contact some local students attending the university of ixtepec who were from their respective middle - eastern countries .
you see , he declared , when we killed him , i had to flee the country and i never returned .
my long career as a federal agent had ended , and the country i returned to was no longer there .
well , what country are you from , mister ?
i listened to the echoes of an ancient voice repeating a famed admonition , ask not what your country can do for you ... .
i would fly for days across sea , land , and dusty roads into foreign countries , and carefully chart my course , eternally lost to a world i no longer belonged to , or wanted to .
since then he d floated around from country to country for a few years before settling into his preferred trade : arms dealer for despots and similar undesirables .
since then he d floated around from country to country for a few years before settling into his preferred trade : arms dealer for despots and similar undesirables .
we ca nt easily get him across the border from jordan , so it will have to take place in - country .
i do nt want to buy my own country .
even in a low - key country like trinidad and tobago , three dead bodies would demand an explanation one that she was nt in any hurry to make .
but i was alone in a strange country with nowhere to go , a heavy suitcase to carry , and most of my new zealand dollars already spent on the taxi fare .
were you planning to go and see the rest of the country ?
but i very much doubt , dear lady , that this is due to anything other than the stress of coming to a new country .
you think these people entered and exited the country alone ?
it can be seen in the unrest in countries in all the countries of africa , the middle east and far east .
we have managed to track down a massive vibrational power source to this country but its exact location and who is creating it is protected by black magic .
it was about game rangers in various southern african countries over the last year finding many elephants , rhino , lion cheetah and leopard all dead .
the documentary focussed mainly on kruger national park where this strange phenomenon had caused serious concern as after checking with various other neighbouring countries it was found they were experiencing similar problems in their game reserves .
nightingale remembered that he was also an importer / exporter which would make it easy for him to get the blood into the country .
you re less than two hours away and it wo nt be a cakewalk getting there , but you ll enjoy the scenery , some of the best this country has to offer .
the only reference she made was to namanda , an incredibly gifted savant who , by the age of eight , had total recollection of all eastern hemisphere country names , in alphabetical order , and their capital cities .
now van , i do nt want you going back to your god forsaken palm tree country saying the menfolk in kentucky are all wussies like this one here .
in the early running , while we set up other gardens in other parts of the country and world , we want to build testimonials .
he joined the peace corps after his stay out west , and he visited quite a few remote areas of the world , including okinawa , the marianas , and several countries in eastern africa .
this is why i came to your country and i love it .
but i want to point out that i think kava is illegal in my country unless it is used topically .
he had lived it himself , and witnessed it in several of the african countries he had visited and worked in .
ok , namanda , what brings you to this country ?
in a country of the blind , a one - eyed man is king .
it must be kept quiet , for namanda is a highly prized commodity in her country .
it would be like your army in this country marching through american towns and indiscriminately killing those who protested its presence .
he strongly urged us to immediately make plans to leave the country , discretely of course .
if she stays in this country , do you think the indian military would be concerned enough to hunt her down ?
joshua , india is a country of many sects , religions , languages , geographical divisions , and political unrest .
the mehras , being christians , are considered to be outsiders in a country rife with caste prejudices .
so much of this country looks alike .
i want to see what it is like in your country .
so , the country was occupied by an enemy , and manoahs house was in disarray .
my fear is that you will never make it out of this country alive , but if you do , it will be much worse for you .
you will not be put under arrest , tracy , just detained until it can be arranged for you to leave the country .
my own school has one of the largest in the country .
another whim sweeping the country is for males to be clean shaven .
moonshine is prevalent in this part of the country .
joshua : miss eva , my heart is with the youth of our country .
again , talking about the young generation , kentucky has the second lowest high school graduation rate in the country .
if the country becomes embroiled in an avian flu pandemic , i will do whatever i can to help the cdc and the medical community if they should call for my assistance .
amit leaving , a stranger in this country with little command of the language .
and you know education is where my heart is , not only for kentucky , but for the whole of our great country .
this whole country has been prayin for ya .
there s flowers here from all over the country , and its probably true .. you do nt know them , but they do you .
i had no proof but i felt pretty confident that both were taken in completely different countries .
each was a new country ; each must have been a different life for her .
we had got back from our perfect honey - moon only six hours before and been greeted back in the country by a horrendous storm .
i just looked like a typical coward fleeing the country .
i had money at my disposal and had convinced the russians i was out of the country .
startle was slowly building a reputation as the best restaurant in the country .
it is almost impossible to get these out of the museum , let alone the country .
the feds think its already out of the country .
destroy them on your return to the country later tonight .
only travelled into this country on an illegal passport .
you lot will be knighted ... if they do that in this country .
if we could make it back to london then we were safe , the fake passports meant we had never left the country , at least according to the airline reports .
after amsterdam the chinese are moving it right now , it will be out of the country by lunchtime .
either that or we have to get the hell out of this country .
yes , she was a child , but a healthy one with access to the best doctors in the country .
the chinese way is different than it is in western countries , lin ming said .
a painting of that quality would have stood out like a sore thumb in a country filled with asian art .
still , there were other concerns , such as transporting the article out of the country , and what if the painting was nt even genuine ?
most of us have visited more than one foreign country .
april 3 , natalie says , consulting her notes , our government then issues the statement that they ve decided they will allow alcohol sales after all , but only at these eight regional distribution centers sprinkled throughout the country .
an able bodied male and the country at war , he marched in and signed up and was shipped away .
its only a matter of time before we get the phones back in service , but in the meantime ... we ve networked with similar outposts in this country , we ve connected with people in others - china , france , madagascar , even .
in the second to last presidential election that his formerly great country would ever know , he voted for the smirking jackass , donna continues , in the grave commentators voice jennifer had introduced , the smirking jackass who was not only an idiot , but possibly the worst ever leader elected by a free country .
people do nt give a damn where things are made anymore , he was fond of barking , this , coming from his catbird seat of owning perhaps the only thriving manufacturing plant anywhere in the vicinity , there s no money to be had in this country from cranking things out .
going after husseins head for the twin towers attack , which was like ordering john dum dum bristlings head on a platter because some hells angels had come to your country and blew up a few things .
somewhere else , another country , donna says .
dodging interstates became trickier with each mile to the east , here in the industrialized hub of the country .
life in quote unquote the greatest country in the world ?
two years prior , touting a mysterious budget surplus during a time of tremendous economic hardship elsewhere in the country , all the more mysterious for having slid through city council with a thumbs up , mayor milton manages to push for and receive funding on a ridiculous trolley project , one that runs literally nowhere else but from downtown out to a fading indoor mall on the near east side that was torn down before the trolley began its maiden voyage .
he is nt starving to death in a third world country , he was nt born insane .
they have had less luck securing alcohol down here , for whatever reason , and it appears ironic , too , that in the heart of tobacco country that cigarettes would dry up for them as well .
or maybe the us government was nt responsible at all , maybe the doomsday scenarios had finally played out and this country became slaves to another tyranny .
but dread becomes panic soon turns into grief , for despite whatever pep talks one delivers to oneself , its impossible not to cradle this belief , that somehow , half a country away , her closest family members were just as clever and nimble as she .
the very first colonies here in the new country .
at which point the multi zillionaires leave the country .
or they ship their entire business out of the country .
rich people of every ethnic background , james counters , you talk about anything in this country , because of the sheer number , you re almost always talking about generalities .
life has been an idyll here , just the two of them , and despite the traffic jam of calamity represented by these past two years , the near extinction of at least this country and who knew how many others , she can think of no happier time .
how boring his life was compared to karl and his friends who were fighting their political enemies for the future of their country .
it was big enough for us to look like we were perhaps visiting friends for a weekend but small enough so that it did nt look like we were fleeing the country with all of our belongings , and so arousing any suspicion .
why would a lawyer in vancouver be given information about a small group of woman entering the country at separate dates ?
that would mean that one of these women had entered the country already .
he could nt help but to still think about the women that niki was bringing into the country to work as prostitutes .
dad figured i d be training all across the country this year , so i do school online .
they were paying me to move across the country , away from my dad .
it would be rude to lead her on if i decided to fly across the country , and i could hardly ask her to listen to me babble about it .
` ` well , it 's a free country , '' she said .
her job took her across the length and breadth of the country ; there were few places she had nt visited .
would you like to stay in this country , lisa ?
have you ever heard of a country called scotland , my sweet ?
i adore the country and am eternally grateful to your generous gesture .
that s when i lived in the greatest country the world has ever known .
they fly low to avoid detection by the feds while playing a cat and mouse game with the neighboring country of liberty .
they attempt to sneak in via the sovereign country of liberty ( which is the combined former states of nevada , arizona , new mexico , colorado , wyoming , and most of utah ) .
over half the country decided it was better to have fun and let others supply their needs .
it looks like they were moving drugs across country .
hopefully , my american business partners will realize that just because japan lost the war , my country did not breed an entire race of imbeciles .
the biggest and best of its kind in the country .
bailey had hand picked his staff from a large turn out of applicants , each one pre - qualified over an extensive six month search of all the great hotels and resorts in the country .
in atlanta , it was way past rush hour , a term that was becoming more and more redundant as the city had become a sprawling life force.people from all over the country were attracted here every year due to its mild weather and booming economy.atlanta marched forward year after year , oblivious to recessions and unemployment rates.the result was a city that now stretched out for a one hundred mile radius and was continuing to expand every day .
and they had a country and an army and a navy we could strike back at .
but seorita , in my country it is a privilege for a woman to be praised by someone like me .
and just where is this country of yours ?
` ` and perhaps it is good that we make a full circuit of this country better yet if we could make a circuit of the globe for it will allow us a chance to see it and remember it as it was if we care to . ''
but as far as i know , its made only at livermore in this country .
then he died fighting for his country .
sort ofhe started out fighting for his country , but ended up fighting for my mother .
when iraq was liberated by the u.s . military it opened the door for my mother and me to leave the country .
he wanted to make an impact on his country for the good .
the top sheet read : ashid muhammed sadar / vladimir saul alvinsky iraqi born , russian national international terrorist / arms dealer wanted in 13 countries the rest went on to give an overview of his background .
he was nt politically active , but he was fully aware of the political climate and the direction of his country .
several things prevented me from going into the military , but that does nt mean that i am not a patriot or that i do nt believe in defending my country .
all he could think about was his son that gave his life for this country and the freedoms that it used to hold .
first , your mother loved an infidel westerner , eventually leaving the faith and her country .
today , i lost my country i love .
do n't forget your passport if you plan on leaving the country . ''
when the legal matters are settled and his name is cleared , which it should be , i think a place has been found for him in the country .
after living in several states throughout the country , meggie studied liberal arts at magdalen college in new hampshire , and then english literature at the university of new hampshire .
i went to the local university while she took her first year off in order to travel around the country as an intern for a national womens organization .
tanzania , along with all of its surrounding countries , were being evacuated .
in a state with the lowest crime rate in the country , finding a woman in thirty pieces is front page news .
i had five kilos of heroin strapped tightly to my back in a country where the death penalty still applied .
thai prison is not so nice like in your country .
i did nt think so and your father may be a lawyer in his country , but this is not his country .
i did nt think so and your father may be a lawyer in his country , but this is not his country .
so nincotte will continue to scam innocent guys coming into this country ?
its not our country .
the crime rate has gone up ten percent in the last few years and obviously there has been an increase in illegal immigrants entering the country without going through the proper channels .
but if she goes free , lilly will have to leave the country and you will most likely never see each other again .
once she s out of the country , she will be safe as long as no one knows her ties to you and your buddy mr . santangelo .
i needed to make sure lilly was out of the country before i made my move .
the people we disposed of were guilty of crimes against people , states , and even this country .
we are merely cleaning up our country ; something the judicial system refuses to do .
maybe there s a way to sneak all of us out of the country .
well from my understanding , you are the man known as the phoenix ; a man wanted by police all over the country , the f.b.i .
you get lilly out of the country with immunity and work out plea deals for us , and you have my full cooperation .
no , i mean you should find a way to get the hell out of the country .
once we have him in custody , you and your team will be brought to the airport and sent out of the country .
the american flag hung from a flag pole in the distance ; reminding us what this country was founded on ; freedom .
we give you everything on the benefactor and we get extradited to another country .
and you come to me seeking my help to leave the country and in return you give me information about your leader who you do nt even know his real name ?
you would have been kept at one of our facilities and taken out of the country until we needed your team again .
granted there is probably nothing terrible happening in barbados , but the point is that if you disagree with the current political or economic situation in your home country , you probably do nt have a good reason to leave .
corruption is a general air of undeserved entitlement , and in panama you sorta feel like you re living in a country full of kevin federlines .
coiba la isla del diablo by steven banks so i decide to show estrella her own country and teach her to scuba dive .
if all was right with the world then he would have been knighted by now , but instead he has to stay in hiding , work undercover , because the laws of the land do not understand what is happening in this country .
you are not to leave the country or to travel beyond the city borders unless for expressed work purposes , wes said , handing adam a document .
sworn to defend his country , putting his combat and intelligence skills back to work , he has joined the joint border task force .
i have family but they re scattered around the country .
if they followed them , his picture would be on the cover of every magazine in country .
it had to be one of the most shocking stories the country had ever read .
` ` but because washington has such a transient population and the killings , to our knowledge , started about a year ago , i would say he moved here from another part of the country . ''
the language i ' ve identified does n't lead me to believe he 's from another part of the country .
it was a one - way ticket out of the country .
it was to a south american country .
for our escape , shane bought one - way plane tickets out of the country .
she had used her inheritance to buy the winnebago , driving it across the country as the moment struck her .
once they found out phyllis did nt exist , they may start looking at similar crimes across the country .
was driving an rv all over the country eliminating threats to women really going to have a positive effect at home ?
he found a few articles written by her around the time of her almost ex - husband 's death , but they were from various newspapers and blogs around the country .
` ` did he travel much in this part of the country , in tennessee , mississippi , arkansas , and so on ? ''
traveling all over the country on edwin 's money , doing god knows what with those musicians . ''
did you grow up in this part of the country ? ''
` ` i want to go to cat country first ! ''
` ` then i guess we 're off to cat country ! ''
you know when i came to this country first , oh , over twenty years ago ... the man began to talk , as if to no one in particular , i was so intimidated by everything .
it was border patrol policy , by executive order , to disperse them as quickly as possible throughout the country .
soon there were teeming communities of impoverished immigrants living on the streets , in box cars , under bridges , in abandoned buildings and homeless shelters throughout the country .
in the crowded urban slums it spread rapidly and soon was ravaging every major city in the country .
with them , we can take back the country .
they run the country now .
a politician ca n't fart in this country without us having a record of it . ''
the rest of the country will be shit out of luck . ''
` ` well , the people in this country are basically a vacillating crowd of children .
the inland states , the other ninety percent of the country , are now disenfranchised outsiders .
since we do n't really make much of anything in this country anymore , we import nearly everything and we export next to nothing .
they ' ve started moving assets out of the country and we do n't want them broadcasting from bermuda or somewhere that we do n't control .
we ' ve convinced most of the country , '' says summers .
` ` oh please , the only thing we make in this country is ebt cards .
confiscatory taxes , endless environmental , labor , gender and osha regulations , the producers figured it out and moved their factories outside the country then their headquarters moved as well . ''
` ` again , the epa pretty much closed most of the refineries around the country , except for a few in oklahoma .
` ` federal authority is not very strong at the moment in other parts of the country . ''
while still adored by her court lackeys and sycophants in washington , the country is seething .
marauders are roaming large parts of the country .
because of their intransigence , their refusal to follow the constitution , and in light of the writ of the supreme court , i and the other governors here and others across the country , jointly declare that the senate in washington is a usurper whose actions are illegal , null , and void . ''
` ` hillary , at the present time , you barely control the post office in that part of the country , '' says bader .
the country settles into an uneasy truce as the convention begins its work .
` ` i thought you had every phone circuit in the country bugged , '' interrupts bader .
unless we get control of the producing parts of this country , and their assets , and get them to take our money , we 're facing total disaster in the next few weeks . ''
once , he thinks to himself , the whole country was a free speech zone , but not now .
` ` how did things ever get so out of control in this country ? ''
they did n't factor in that their dystopia would be so geographically concentrated and that the rest of the country would rebel .
her only alternatives are to strike now or secede with a rump country consisting of massachusetts , connecticut , rhode island , new york , maryland , new jersey , delaware , the district of columbia , the only places other than california , that still support her .
the country 's too big to be hamstrung by some ancient set of gentleman 's rules .
we ended up with a few miles of the coast and while the opposition ended up controlling the other 95 % of the country .
and worse , the social chaos she started was taking place mostly in the areas she controlled and not in the rest of the country , the producing part of the country . ''
and worse , the social chaos she started was taking place mostly in the areas she controlled and not in the rest of the country , the producing part of the country . ''
` ` a ' shocked ' dewitt is informed within minutes that munson is dead and that there have been bombings across the country .
tax collections have all but ended in most other parts of the country . ''
the entire country is watching , mesmerized by what they see .
you ' ve shut down the busiest rail junctions in this country . ''
` ` i hate this damned country .
but he did open a sporting goods store , a few years ago , bj sports , and i believe now he has about a dozen stores across the country .
you , on the other hand , are probably itching to be out of the country . ''
trying to fly out of the country would be chancy at best .
so why not get on a plane , get out of the country , and disappear ? ''
as a small child , i was brought to this country by my parents , he began .
but its merely one of a hundred bombs , all of them identical to this , that myself and my colleagues are distributing across the country , right now .
nigeria used to be the most populous country in africa , but now the only faces i saw were white .
there s not much else to do up there apart from screwing the country .
odierno must have done his act in front of every camera in every city in the country .
this is a civilised country .
anything in the red line files to give me an edge over all the police departments in the country that will be looking for her too ?
i laughed like a maniac for here before me was the top hit man in the country .
he told them that serena tennyson and her pandora associates had hoped that adolphus sweets demise would accelerate the dissolution between the two most influential races in this country forever .
but i will not allow a house in chains to destroy what so many of our forefathers , on both sides of the color barrier , have worked to diligently to build together in this country .
many of these men and women who served the cause of the caretaker had come from all fields of service in this country : some were former and other current military , secret service , fbi , cia , and other professionals who joined pandora in droves and now had been placed under her command .
does that mean that the circle , the leaders of a house in chains , should nt continue to better the lives of their people in this country ?
a half hour ago , you pointed out to me that my citymy country is headed for a crisis on a social front for which it may not recover .
every action i ordered served a greater peace , a greater security for the country i served and the country i still love .
ever since the peoples new republic began enforcing the removal of the womans brain before she was married , the country had been divided .
and then he added : i have three other daughters she backed out of vargas residenceand out the country without another word and stuck the girls with a family in a remote corner of the world where they would never be found .
i ve seen a lot of the country .
in laymans terms pandora is attempting to preserve the fragile harmony that exists between the most influential races in our country maintaining the status quo .
or do i share pandoras view on race relations in this country .
councilor , your client claimed that he wanted to help us save this city , perhaps this country , from any further escalation and bloodshed .
it was a challenge that we both relished trying to improve the dental health of children whose teeth were some of the worst in the country .
sorry about that , she said , stepping out onto the crowded pavement the heat wave that had baked the country for the past two weeks had really brought out the revellers .
previous kind gifts to this huge country were fraught with accusations of inefficiency in delivery .
it looks ambitious , but they have provided three full pages of statistics ending with projections for tourist numbers - again you might consider the numbers ambitious - but they ' ve also submitted estimates for the future value to the country 's economy , evidence of local construction capability - a company called sulima construction - and three separate letters of official support from local and national government including two letters signed by the minister for tourism and the minister for trade .
` ` it 's a possibility but i ' m not suggesting you tail him through three or four more countries .
you got booed out of the country once .
experiments were first started in this country some years ago , he went on , and gradually the many difficulties inherent in it were overcome and it has developed into the reasonably efficient instrument that you know today .
now , this country was the first to start these experiments and we have every reason to believe that we are still a long way ahead of any other country in its development and application to war .
the two men attached to python two were passy and bolbec , but we are n't concerned with the latter as he 's now in this country and we have no reason to believe him anything but a loyal frenchman .
yet this man passy is far more dangerous to this country than any german pilot you will ever meet , and as we ca n't shoot him down from the air we ' ve got to hunt him on the ground .
it was the country of an ally whom we never expected to lose and this situation had never been foreseen .
i hated the idea of saying yes ; i hated the idea of being hunted down in a foreign country , and then perhaps tortured and shot in cold blood , far from england and home and one 's friends .
you 'll just have to use your own brains and your own initiative but remember always that your sole object is to kill passy and return safely to this country .
i do n't know whether our papers were forged or not , but leighton had assured us that there was no chance of our being confronted by the true owners of these identities from which i gathered that they were either in this country or dead .
we might still be able to strike him down under cover of all the confusion which existed in france at the moment , but to follow him across the frontiers of the reich , and kill him in the heart of the enemy 's country that was a task quite beyond our powers and we possessed neither the necessary papers , authority or knowledge of any people in germany who might help us .
he had better luck in his escape from the aircraft and he possessed the great advantage of being in his own country butit had not occurred to me beforehe had never seen passy and therefore he would be searching for a man whom probably he could not recognise .
when i was in the squadron , imbued with their infectious spirits and absolute conviction that we could knock the luftwaffe for six any time they dared to take us on , i should have laughed at this conversation , but now , alone and in enemy country i realised that i was n't half so brave or so confident as i used to think .
amiens would be a very likely place to search as it is the focal point of the railway system in that part of the country and anybody endeavouring to escape by rail would probably pass through the town .
the usa is our home , since another country ai nt our home , so its the foreign part of my structure american sentence , smiles at mink .
the many , many , many foreign countries like albania , armenia , azerbaijan , bangladesh , bulgaria , china , cuba , east germany , egypt , finland , hungary , india , iran , iraq , israel , italy , poland , south africa , sudan , ukraine , vietnam , venezuela , breathes cody then chuckles .
in the foreign country of kenya an ak-47 costs four cows , down five years ago from nine cows .
this is nt the foreign country of great britain and the ashmores are not the royal family of alabama .
and i do nt mean denmark , the foreign country .
a house of chains was blessed to have arguably the finest intelligence officer in the country seated at this table .
louis keaton told her himself that the caretaker and a very early rendition of pandora had recruited him to kidnap and molest black boys with the intent to incite a race war in the city that would likely spill over into the entire south , and perhaps the total country .
i ve help put away some high profile drug pushers from here to texas , illinois , california , all over the freaking country .
they did nt mind him having his friends over to the seaside house , but no drinking , no drugs , and definitely no boating was going to be permitted over the weekend while they were out of the country .
faye realized that could mean they were being taken out of the country .
armenia was also the first country to adopt christianity as its official religion in 301 ad , tracing its origins to the apostles .
she had learnt from martins notes that it was the fourth largest city in iran , situated in the north western corner of the country , near the borders of turkey , armenia , and azerbaijan .
the whole atmosphere was one of remaining quiet and unnoticed , a silent witness to an ancient faith practiced in an overwhelmingly muslim country .
this country had dashed her heart on the ancient rocks that were the foundations of the city .
it was no way this woman was getting through security checks in any international airports in this country .
you and every other man like you in this country .
thomas pepper finally reveals what he knows to an anxious country teetering on the edge of the abyss .
after eight and half kilometers a billboard which read welcome to ghetto appeared , he went past the airport , then the stadium which was still in construction , the stadium was dimmed to be good and the best in the country , indeed a good achievement for the sporting sector , but some speculations in some local news papers indicated that the stadium , was tearing apart and was far off from completion , and that was really bad , and some even indicated that the constructor got no relevant background on constructions of infrastructure of that caliber , one have to wonder how the issuing of the tender was done , maybe is high time some auditing is done and a proper report is given to the nation , the country is turning into something else , nepotism and improper awarding of tenders had be a piece of the procedure , he thought .
driving at 20 km/h he went past a building which its wall was painted botswana traffic and car registration center , he pressed the breaks and read the writing carefully , he thought about his car which by now was not yet registered , in all odds he should worry a little , in a corrupt country like botswana he will get his car registered without a sweat .
in their dirty and torn everyday clothing , with their faces bruised , some bloody , they looked like a motley militia from a war - torn country .
i 'll be in another country , home free . ''
a share of the money and help with fleeing the country .
this helped to simplify his entry into the country during the immigrations and tourist visa processing after his arrival in cabo san lucas .
farley believed remons intended to leave the country immediately .
kara was now a distant country from his vantage point on an island surrounded by a sea of question marks .
he did n't have a reason to lie : the man would die for his country a patriot .
every eye in this studio and many throughout the country and the entire world would be watching him and listening to what he had learned .
everything that he though was good and wholesome about this country and more importantly its people was coming apart .
if he knows the truth about your fathers secret life and identity as the caretaker , i know that he will stand down from the threats he has carelessly made against me , pandora and his country .
in the meantime , ciaos begins to reign supreme across the country .
it had been mutually agreed upon by the three men on a mission that tyrone would be best close to the action and not directing the show from an arm chair in another country entirely .
in 1960 he moved his head office from canada to his ancestral country of hong kong , to a large building on nathan road , which was still referred to as the golden mile in those days .
over the next ten years he championed a string of successes , which included securing a seventy million dollar long - term mortgage investment from a life insurance giant , the first deal of its kind in the country , to build the largest and glitziest casino in atlantic city .
with al qaedas support , they ve become an umbrella for radical islamic factions in neighboring countries like morocco and tunisia .
kenya airways flew to kinshasa via nairobi every day , but kinshasa was way over on the western side of the country , more than fifteen hundred kilometers from where he wanted to be .
because it did nt matter what country they were in .
for a moment , she could n't remember how you went about moving to a different part of the country .
even had the exact same desire to travel the world and see all the masterpieces you could only see in books in this country .
maybe moving across the country would be good for him , maybe he could outrun whatever evil it was that had found him in this town .
they threw me out of the country . ''
if you have ever attended horse fairs with participants from various countries , you will no doubt have noticed one incredible thing : whether you are in cork , krakow or ulan baator , all horses speak the same language .
they would need to be moved out of the country and stored somewhere safe in the meantime .
i m not sure that i m interested in the sort of money they re liable to be offering ; i might sell them the three he s already seen as a goodwill gesture , but not until the others are out of the country .
taro felt a pang of jealousy , for he had never been out of the country .
to straighten out one young person , is to straighten out the whole country .
they will certainly say they do nt know because they have nt thought of it , or say they d like to have some money , but not too much because that can cause problems , and they d like to visit an exotic country and find the love of their life .
i m sorry , i m probably going to sound very ignorant , but what country is this ? , i asked , devouring another , still warm croissant .
chapter 7 the cottage was in the south of the country where spring had already settled in for good .
judging by the vehicles parked at the curb , this part of the country clearly preferred large , 4 - wheel drive suvs over the compact sedans i was accustomed to seeing in the city .
he wanted to know if i would go with them to whatever lair they might slink to in whatever country that might harbor them .
georgia , a country in the caucasus region of eurasia , just south of russia .
this country owes him a great deal of gratitude , and i know one thing : if there was an underground tunnel to that building hutchins is in , the people of this city would usher him out of harms way ... and probably make him their new president .
looking at the students as he wraps up the speech , he closes with , if the word news truly stands for north , east , west and south , then the agencies that provide the news should focus more of their attention on developing countries , which are a global concern for all of us .
in particular , msu hospital is one of top cancer treatment hospitals in the country , and their medical students have access to a wide variety of cancer patients , a benefit which was especially attractive to timothy .
we also believe that in this controlled habitat , the tigers will have such breeding success , that well eventually be able to reintroduce many of the tigers back into the wild in their home countries .
also , to our canadian rangers , you will have some advantage dealing with the rough terrains , similar to what you deal with in your country .
the russian military has just entered the country of georgia .
on the t.v . , a reporter yells in a frantic voice , this is chase jordan live from the country of georgia in the city of tskhinual !
the meeting will specifically address russias recent invasion of its neighboring country of georgia and will attempt to negotiate a peace agreement .
we ca nt let him leave the country .
we also believe that mr . hutchins recently committed suicide in the country of georgia , but that is also under investigation .
all i m saying is , if you re a georgian and you re thankful that the russians are withdrawing their troops from your country , you have hutchins to thank for it .
now , the latest news reports indicate that the genocide in darfur , africa has subsided , and the russian military is withdrawing from the country of georgia .
the people of this great country are living under a dark cloud : the fear of a deadly virus .
its unfortunate that our governments security was breached , but if that s what it took to ... bring some sort of hope to the suffering natives in that country , then so be it .
up until now , they ve had exclusive rights to the country .
of course , i ve tried to find ben drew , but as you may know he s left the country .
in a country where there were something like thirty - five serial killers active at any given time and somewhere someone turned up missing , raped , brutalized or murdered almost hourly , it was far more likely that such a map would lead to a sociopath than to a treasure .
according to cates , word from the few informants who would say anything at all was that watson wanted to retire and get out of the country .
he s gon na testify to all this , but we ve got ta get watson before he gets out of the country .
the packages were actually drug shipments from across the border that were delivered to the hardware store , then moved to the storage facility , where they were distributed across the country .
i was about five pages in when word came that watson had been caught while trying to board a private jet to get out of the country .
this shit is the best drug money can buy these days in this great country of ours the thing is , avi , nobody knows about it .
we can be the first ones to get this in the country before some other fucks do .
there are decent folk everywhere , in every country of the world .
he was a spy , sent on a secret mission for his country .
about the author adventuring in over 50 countries to gather material for his bestselling books , brian david bruns has won international awards for travel humor and thriller fiction .
a very wealthy family owned the paintings in the exhibition and loaned them out from time to time to various museums around the country .
bulgaria had started the war as a neutral country but had soon joined germany and in fact invaded parts of northern greece on behalf of the germans .
british and u.s . agents had been in the country for years liaising with the resistance and generally trying to persuade the government to side with britain .
together with the svr , the russian intelligence service , he came up with a plan where extreme propaganda would be directed at other european countries , inferring that fracking to extract gas and oil was dangerous , both to earths climate , and to the population who lived in the vicinity .
the russians came within an ace of persuading the eu banning all fracking in any member country .
the only country in europe continuing the pursuit of fracking is the united kingdom , and with such high stakes , the russians clandestinely backed the protesters , and as a result , every new drilling site has been prevented , so far , from operating .
he has lived here a long time , thought mcbride , but he comes from a slav country .
if people do nt toe the line , or get to know too much , we reckon they are shipped out to russia if they are nt killed and disposed of in this country .
alcoholic drinks are also available from hotel bars , but the prices are exorbitant compared to other european countries .
in the biggest country in the world .
the svr ca nt imagine they could catch two escaped prisoners in such a large country with a relatively low population .
could be , he did nt know the customs of this strange country .
we were captured in our own country by russians .
what they will do , however , is alert the svr operatives in all the baltic countries to watch for a yacht landing .
once every country in europe starts fracking , that s the income draining away , and the pipelines that have cost billions to build , sitting unused .
well , about two hundred and fifty miles , but its a big country is nt it ?
i am proposing that every russian national living in this country will have to register with their local police station .
when you live there , the rest of the country may as well not exist .
he has served his country and lost a leg on a mine .
he is proud of having served his country , of having done his part to fight for freedom so people back home could live in peace .
i m just so overcome with emotion to be standing here in a free country at last where i may drivel without risking my life .
did you ask for help when you managed to come to this country ?
have we not heard how dryvellers are persecuted in countries such as syldavia ?
we need your help if we are to survive as a community in this country .
seeing crowds of people flocking to his temple made him think of expanding , of becoming the leader of temples all around the country , and even of turning dryvellism into the nations main religion or even the only permitted state religion .
sadly the hatred and persecution against us in some countries has of late spilt over into our own country .
all the while donations from around the country kept pouring in from many good folks who wanted to be part of the lords miracle and do their bit to help master jeremiah in his mission .
with the help of networking sites he found a lot of private information that enabled master jeremiah to deceive the whole country into believing that he had special powers from god .
but i m afraid you ll have to leave the country for a while .
he looked at the people who had come to hear him , there were clerks and some managers in their suits , workers and students , housewives and many other good hardworking folk who were appalled by the things happening in their country and did nt know where to turn for help .
our guardians and protectors , the people chosen to govern the country ?
sophocles , philoctetes in the inky black night of a new moon four men crossed the border and entered the country .
the four men had good reason to enter the country in secret .
then he saw the familiar yellow that all school buses in the country were painted with .
it was also used to export australian troops for the protection of the ' old country ' in two world wars .
today it has been extensively revamped as an expensive multifunctional complex , consisting of a five star hotel , restaurants , shops and residential apartments , which are some of the most expensive and sought after residences in the country , probably due in part , to a well - known ' gladiator ' having his own $ 14 million penthouse on finger wharf .
that agent was able to acquire a list of all the politicians , members of the police and judges , which are being paid off by this organization in this country .
` ` it starts with a young guy , who volunteers to defend his country by joining the army .
i then joined steve in the small caf ' where steve and i were entertaining miccie with a chocolate milk shake and made up stories about her mum and what a hero to her country she was .
he has a fake name and has probably entered the country within the last five years .
last he had heard all the kids had scattered throughout the country pursuing their dreams .
this was something he had to regularly do while serving his country .
it crossed his mind that he d need to leave the country .
i m sure everyone in the country recognises her by now , and certainly us seaford residents .
he would be leaving the country on saturday .
he s leaving the country tonight , so you might as well just go away .
the eyes of a state perhaps the country focused on her through the lens of a television camera .
remember , half the families in this country are blended .
linda had n't told anyone about the abuse because there was no one to tell in a country where beating your woman was a sign of manliness .
he could n't get back into this country .
newspapers , radio , television , there was n't a reporter in the country who had n't called her for a comment .
we owe it to the people in jonathans life , as well as to our own country .
and yet , the graves of the soldiers also made me grateful to them for giving their lives for me and this country .
even if they had threatened his family , would nt it be better to lose your family than your entire country ?
do you know how many farms fill this country ?
the terrorists really were trying to get control of all our natural resources , which meant they would eventually control this country .
grab the next book in christys life as a spy in adrenaline rush a madman with a mission is kidnapping groups of thrill - seeking high school seniors across the country , and it s up to christy hadden to stop him .
on the other hand , my mother kept close watch on me and filled my ears with stories of the old country .
sure , there were some shortages of imported goods , but in a country as rich as america this did nt hurt anyone but the most affluent .
when one lives in america you forget how small the european countries are .
in my youthful fancy , i was proud with the idea of fighting for my mothers home country .
here was a tiny country being attacked by the great powers of germany .
you must realize that england is a smaller country than america .
its not my king or my country , i reminded him .
you 'll get married without his permission and sneak her out of the country into safety .
but then , with a top tax level of 60 % , there is quite a lot to be gained by playing the game along with the rest of the country .
we go over the usual topics : the flight , the weather , how nice it is for me to be back in the country of my birthplace .
academics must earn more in scandinavian countries .
lucien is speaking calmly , eloquently : - in laymans terms , i am researching the differences between the various resistance movements in nazi - occupied countries .
i wait , staring into the distance , while the assembled masses break into a hushed rendition of der er et yndigt land there is a lovely country .
the country has n't done so great , of course .
maybe its time i did a little worse and the country did a little better .
` ` omniac was born as the real - time census project , intended to process inputs from thousands of sensors and stations located all over the united states , instantly providing up - to - the - minute information on the population and economic condition of this great country . ''
helen admired loughlin 's strong stands for the good of the country , and always felt he was much wiser than he let on .
we ca n't give up now , we ' ve got to get the country back on track . ''
maybe this sleazy computer set - up is where omniac 's information is going , or this is how it 's getting out of the country .
` ` you forget , my boy , the military in this country is a shrinking profession , has been for the last several years , the various persian gulfs and eastern europes and latin american pacifications notwithstanding .
the next president of the united states recited her words to dozens of newspeople and television cameras , and through them to millions of americans all around the country .
howard and gunnar were gone ; now , it was up to her , the fate of the country was in her hands .
the people are behind you , the people that want this country to be great again . ''
once you 're dead the country will be safe ... . '' ` ` christ on a crutch , '' britton said , and hung up .
she said the country wo n't be safe until i ' m dead . ''
` ` so , uh , '' bobby said , ` ` you want to take a vacation , get out of the country ?
ah , but that was all in honolulu , she said , and she waved a hand at the air as if the nearby island of oahu was a foreign country vanished a hundred years ago .
he paused , cleared his voice , and said : the way i see it , this is nt my country any more .
saddam hussein had actually attacked another country and we had international support .
in country .
he told me he was in country .
maybe if more people just did their job this country would nt be such a cluster fuck .
guess they could n't call it ` ` green country '' if it never rained . ''
all i know is he 's always sayin ' stuff like ` ` they do n't make 'em like they used to '' and ` ` this country 'd be a whole lot better if ever'body would buy american '' .
it 's a free country ai n't it ; freedom a speech and all that jazz .
someone must do something , or the united states would sink to the depths of a third - world country .
i do nt think i could lead this great country , especially since i swore an oath to protect it .
as usual , jerricks dad was driving another delivery across the country .
candidate b was doing more for his country , one of the students exclaimed weakly , rationalizing her obvious bad choice .
augustus rose up and saved his country by reforming his government and building the augustan empire that lasted 500 years , even with several centuries of bad emperors .
another country ?
jerrick continued , besides , how stupid do you think i am to run away with a cashier from another country ?
mother russia is my country .
but russia is not my country .
it can be your country too .
i must return to america , save my country , save my home state , michigan , and leave my mark on humanity .
russia is my country .
he went off to college and then to a foreign country , sleeping with hot exotic women .
sir ; this is the only way we can save our state and country .
now everyone was hurting everywhere in the country .
consequently , the military wasted resources , building internment camps for rebellious young men , who refused their duty to their country .
their first duty was to serve their country .
you can flee the country and take your families with you .
every passing day , the united states looked more and more like a third - world country .
soldiers rounded up all the congressmen in cargo trucks and took us to the country in virginia .
jerrick davis said we could leave the country .
i sat on the sidelines my whole life and watched those bastards in washington , d.c . ran our beautiful country into the ground .
president davis also went on an investment spree that the country had never seen before .
although communist screwed up most of the country , the communists did fund higher education , producing a few good teachers and medical doctors .
if quebec is serious , then it becomes an autonomous country free from the empire .
europe or any other country would be foolish to send any ships near the waters of north america because the empires navy protected them well .
canada was already a developed country , and the empire did nt need to develop it .
your dad is the leader of our great country .
he sat at this chair , watching his country from the balcony .
president davis added the remaining south american countries to the empire , except argentina and chile .
jerrick saw the best doctor in the country .
before his son had opened the door , jerrick shouted , i left you two south american countries you can easily conquer : chile and argentina .
i was also angry with you because you invaded my country , but then i fell in love with you .
aric already sent the military to conquer the last two south american countries : chile and argentina .
they were experts at annexing and developing invaded countries , turning it into an art form .
` ` he blamed me for everything and , without a word , skipped the country before he had to face criminal charges , '' she pouted .
people practically could nt visit another country without one .
rope lights are strung in the rigging of the kathleen and may , the country 's last operating merchant schooner , and they 're switched on at night now to advertise the boat as a tourist attraction for easter .
it is why alex is here now , at this late hour , in an industrial dust bowl in a foreign country .
he has eaten chinese meals the length and breadth of the country .
` ` in my country i also had a very bad time .
now is not the time to discuss maggie 's plans to leave the country .
the place is old and tired , as if this part of the country is waiting for the good times to return .
dave feels bad about the clichs , but as the saying goes , at least dave 's version of it , if the past is another country then the present is southend on a wet bank holiday .
not from this country as a matter of fact .
in my own country i found out who made the drugs and tracked him down , but he got away .
tired is a word that alex would use about his home country .
i 'll sort the bank this morning , move money out of the country , into the spanish account .
he told her last night about the guards , about the problems he had with goons in his home country , and about how , god willing , they will be able to do the same again today if they have to .
if the man decided it was necessary , brad knew he d be swatted like a fly in the name of god and country .
reassigned out of the country .
there s no other way to bring heroin into the country .
senor hildalgo says you are a very famous lady in your country .
this was his country .
no big deal in a stable country like ghana , but in liberia , it begged trouble , especially for someone wearing a smugglers vest lined with fifteen thousand in crisp hundred dollar bills .
the door opened into a suite far cushier than any ngo drone in a developing country had a right to sleep in .
and if he left the country , would nt he be more likely to elude detection traveling over land than by air ?
he did nt want to leave the hotel compound but practically everyone and his brother sold mobile phone minutes in a country like this .
i mean , its my own country .
eg was one of the few spanish speaking countries on the continent and notorious for its dysfunctional governance .
from a francophone country , maybe .
far end of the country .
now here he was in place , blades sharpened , guns cleaned and black had yet to enter the country .
stp was such a small country , that there was basically only one degree of separation between archie and de marazul .
this is a small country .
its like a disease , what it does to the little countries that have it .
you know , here we are in a cocoa growing country and i bet you all the dang cocoa in this cake probably comes from brazil .
a small - time russian underboss , a couple of generations removed from his parent country .
it was nt that he lost interest in serving his country .
but his father died serving his country in an accident , no war , just a helicopter training accident in the states .
he was nt going to die in some foreign country just to have his body sent home like his fathers .
home , when he was nt on a mission for his country , was near mammoth lakes , california .
carrie had read the letters nick would write home telling leonard only what he was allowed to know about his tours in different countries .
they had a lab equipped with all the latest testing equipment and would analyze the samples quicker than sending them half way across the country .
this family , the rice volcano survivors , or victims , would be on the front page of every newspaper in the country .
the whole country has watched your journey from the very beginning until now .
i mean to fly and accommodate tellers from all across the country just for the purpose of a banquet .
` ` even though we live in a country where a person is innocent until proven guilty and even though we live in a country where bail is not to be denied without just cause , the fact remains that mr . ravenwood is accused of committing 1st degree murder .
starting six months ago , we have gradually smuggled over 50 kg of cocaine and 50 kg of heroin into the country , in boxes of frozen hamburgers bound for the park . ''
` ` well besides seeing the 100 kg of drugs that was put into your van and the almost $ 14 million dollars you paid kevin craig and tim parker for smuggling the drugs into the country , i did n't see anything , '' elijah said sarcastically .
they laughed in our faces in our own country . ''
he agreed with my father that a lifetime of commitment to a new country had better be postponed until i could experience other alternatives . ''
in a matter of months he set up a fully operational espionage and counter - espionage service throughout eastern europe : agents , double agents , moles , russian - speakers in every country , anti - communist dissidents and insurgents , agents provocateurs .
small arms , missiles , satellite navigation systems , tapping equipment , poisons , explosives - a treasure trove of death and devastation now at the hands of criminalized fanatics roaming the streets of virtually every country in western europe . ''
but it is true that jews believe that what is good for the jews is good for the country they reside in .
- i mumble incoherently - ` ` in switzerland , the neutral country . ''
instead , either driven by grief or fear , or both , she hopped the first of many mind - boggling flights zigzagging across the country .
madison thought back through her crazed dash about the country .
i was able to afford a ticket , bought it for a trip that had stops everywhere , all the way across the country , though i honestly could nt see myself ever leaving the bus .
inside of a day , i could even get to another country .
thomas had to admit that their grades had improved remarkably , so that what was once one of the worst schools in the country now found itself near the top of every league table .
he wanted to control the whole company , maybe the country , maybe the world it sounds clichd , i know , that this story has ended up being one about a mad scientist trying to take over the world .
personally i like your country better , but do nt tell that to the americans . )
careful on how to proceed , and i caution on which king and country is given access and thus do not blindly follow the land of which your life was given for that which you have is worth the lives of more than you know .
he was making associative links between the start of cultures all over the world , the beginning of languages , cultivations of crops and building of architecture to the story of noahs flood in the bible and how that could be a metaphor to the lost country and its people .
in it he talked about a place called barrion imports , a front to bring things in and out of this country .
i did nt expect to see you in this country again .
when he had first arrived in the country he had been obliged to share a room with three others , in an overcrowded tenement block just south of canal street : by the end of his apprenticeship with william wills he had moved out of chinatown altogether and was renting an apartment for himself above an italian deli close to time square - it could not be called having arrived exactly , but for the young native of laos it was a promising start .
strangely , garnet felt a compulsion to try to contact petit once again a week after the destruction of the twin towers in 2001 , only to discover that he was now artist - in - residence at the cathedral of st . john the divine , in morningside heights , at the north end of columbus avenue , not so many blocks distant from his own park avenue apartment , only to be thwarted once again , as the popular artist was out of the country at the time .
dreslins response to the ensuing explosion was her typical one of disdainful unconcern : she did not argue with garnets resentful accusations , neither did she attempt to defend herself against his torrent of abusive descriptions , instead she matter - of - factly informed him that it was quite the usual thing in her home country and that she could not see what he was getting so upset about .
anyone who had actually been there would have described pripyat as thriving , a town to be proud of , a shining example that the new economic policies of perestroika of the recently elected , liberal president mikhail gorbachev were working , despite a general opinion within the country to the contrary .
he had no concern for either his own or the ukrainian 's linguistic shortcomings : in his world , money was the preferred language of choice , and it managed to subvert all cultural or country boundaries .
the finest ukrainian cooking in the country , and the chef ... he is from france .
garnet reached out tentatively to take one of the white chunks , conscious of not wanting to be seen to offend the hospitality of his companions country but , equally , horrified at the prospect of actually putting the lard ball in his mouth .
like so much in my country .
this is a very safe country .
garnet , despite feeling slightly light - headed as a result of the vodka , was not sufficiently inebriated to forget his reason for being in this country , i only ask because of the project , he said , i do not want anything to jeopardise the construction , and if there is any element of insurrection , my building could prove an easy target .
chapter twelve garnets holiday lasted almost twenty years , during which time he circumvented the globe on more than a dozen occasions , and lost count of the number of different countries - let alone hotels and cities - he visited .
oh , what a country !
it was not a good time to be an american in iraq : george w. bushs latest posturing in his war against terrorism had turned from the taliban in afghanistan and were now firmly focused on the man who had outstayed bushs own father in longevity as a leader of his own country - saddam hussein .
saddams vision of his own personal babylon was intended to mirror his own massive ambitions , and the numerous building projects that he had established , not only in his capital baghdad , but around the rest of the country , too , were intended to stand as a testament to his period of rule , long after the actuality had ceased to exist .
perhaps it was only natural , while in a country considered so perilous to visit to outside observers , to think about his own mortality .
he realised that he had been very fortunate to have seen so many different countries , but now he wished to be recognised for himself , and not purely as a pair of limbs , at the beck and call of a wealthy master .
the concept of self - reliance appeared to be a sound proposition when it was applied to a country as a whole - particularly one that was functioning well economically - the situation where a country had no need to trade with its neighbours for its own well - being was an almost utopian ideal .
a good proportion of the newspaper article , as garnet recalled , had been speculation and was written in the outraged and sensationalist terms of the journalist who is recounting second - hand information and has obviously never visited the country , nevertheless it whetted garnets appetite to discover more about the hermit kingdom .
for almost a decade of the younger kims supremacy much remained unchanged within the hermit kingdom , to the eyes of the outside observer : rumours of nuclear and chemical weapons stockpiling continued ; the isolation from the rest of the world continued ; poverty within the country increased ; and relations with its nearest neighbour continued to be finely balanced , although chiefly it was propaganda and not bullets which were exchanged across the demilitarised zone .
the heightened global awareness of the east asian country coincided with a thaw on the part of pyongyangs own foreign policy , particularly towards its southern counterpart , and with world interest being focused on the region by such events as the football world cup in 2002 , it became clear that kim jong il and north korea had decided that it was time that they had a slice of the action .
the building had been taken to the peoples hearts too : no longer viewed with contempt and derision , the ryugyong truly captured the spirit that was sweeping the new country - a giant leap into a brave new world .
despite teetering so close to the edge of complete economic meltdown towards the end of the previous millennium , the seemingly miraculous , phoenix - like rise of the new korea should come as no great surprise to analysts of the region , indeed the country was almost perfectly placed for such a revival .
the final political obstacle preventing north koreas repatriation with the rest of the world was overcome in 2003 , and the president of the world bank declared the end of north koreas debt , and the presidents of the two divided countries shook hands at the ceremonial creation of the new korea : not a unified country - new and south still remaining as separately governed nations - but a country , at least , assimilated back into the global conscience .
the final political obstacle preventing north koreas repatriation with the rest of the world was overcome in 2003 , and the president of the world bank declared the end of north koreas debt , and the presidents of the two divided countries shook hands at the ceremonial creation of the new korea : not a unified country - new and south still remaining as separately governed nations - but a country , at least , assimilated back into the global conscience .
new koreas story since the great reawakening of 2003 had been one of unprecedented buoyancy : tourists had flocked to the newly created country , both eager to witness a final glimpse of a nation previously isolated for so long , but also keen to spend their cash in the multitude of new attractions that had sprung up , vegas - like , from an entertainment desert .
the service in these ... chin searched for an appropriately deprecating term , asian countries is deplorable .
there had been that one occasion when she had knocked on their door to ask for his advice about a dripping pipe she had discovered beneath the sink in her bathroom : of course it was probably all innocent enough , there had been a small leak which he had been able to mend without any great exertion , but he had been alone in the apartment that day , his wife having taken joo - hee to visit her mother in the country , and it was possible that eun - hae had waited for just such an occasion in order to get him to herself .
in almost any other country in the world , the open air , spiral walkway , which wound its course up and around the outside of the wendelson building , would never have passed the necessary health and safety checks in order to gain a certificate of safety .
ironic really , that garnet should say that he had never been to church , when for martin , whose preferred place of worship was the airport terminal building , garnet had been the principle conduit that had allowed him access to so many of these holy places in so many different countries around the world .
the principle players in the tragedy had all been allowed the freedom to return to their home countries ; garnets body had been released for cremation ; and it was understood that the police investigation was closed pending further information , but even though martin had been back in garnets park avenue apartment for almost ten days now , the phone call he received , the day after his meeting with leyton drisdale and jake carver did not come as any real surprise to him .
the story he had subsequently heard , about an honest man driven to gambling in order to raise money to send to his family who were being confined in a detention camp in the north of the country , both touched and intrigued carver , more than he was initially prepared to reveal .
that had been almost nine months ago now , and during that time carvers relationship with kim dong - moon had progressed more along the lines of a typical heterosexual affair rather than a homosexual coupling , and stood out as a single source of pleasure in an otherwise lonely sojourn in a country distant , both in miles and in culture , to the one he considered home ; true , his work had been a constant source of satisfaction for him , particularly when it became apparent that the iconoclastic structure that they were building , which had at one time seemed little more than an old man 's impossible dream , was steadily transforming into a bricks and mortar reality , but as a balm to his emotional needs the only relief was kim .
i am making my way north , through as many of the countries of my own people as i can , until i reach the sea again above the gulf of tunis , then i hope that my quest will be over , but only he ... ghiliba looked momentarily heavenwards , can know that for sure .
this he had duly done , and had given carver the shocking news that as far as he had been able to ascertain kim dong - moon had been secretly detained by the new korean authorities and had been transferred to a labour camp in the north of the country .
name all the countries in the world with a letter z in them .
martin fell asleep without having worked out the name of the missing country .
as martin began to feel his head nod and his eyes slowly close , small sound bites from geoffs previous monologues began to flash through his mind ; tiny nuggets of information about the country to which he was ultimately voyaging : rumble in the jungle * ; heart of darkness .
due to the recent resurgence of fighting between the various warring factions within drc , all land borders between that country and zambia had been closed .
the only means of entering the country would be to fly to kinshasa , and even then , foreigners were being strongly advised to consider the necessity of their journey before embarking on any travel .
that pak was successful in his new career appears undeniable : money was flooding into the resurgent country in a way never previously imagined , and pak was quickly able to establish - with the assistance of many like - minded ex - army pals - a crime network to rival similar mafioso - style operations in place throughout the former soviet union and eastern europe .
for all that the belgians may have screwed this country , i like the names they left behind .
further analysis of this demographic phenomena revealed that , in most cases , the resettlement was not permanent and that the migrants would eventually return to their home towns and countries , but with as many new travellers continually setting off as those returning , the overall impression was still one of mass emigration .
it would take an economic reason for the african migration to pierce the protective bubble of global ignorance that the tv - viewing public maintained around itself to disconnect itself - and the associated feelings of guilt - from the harsh realities faced by people of less - developed countries , and which , through the medium of television , were potentially capable of being transported directly into the cosy enclave of the living rooms of the west .
great news for a poor country .
locked in a decade of fruitless civil war , the money generated from congos natural resources is not being ploughed back into improving the well - being and economy of the country as a whole , but has provided a further excuse for rival warring factions , both inside and outside the country , to pillage the land for personal gain .
locked in a decade of fruitless civil war , the money generated from congos natural resources is not being ploughed back into improving the well - being and economy of the country as a whole , but has provided a further excuse for rival warring factions , both inside and outside the country , to pillage the land for personal gain .
leaving aside the well documented instances of infectious diseases being rapidly transmitted from country to country by the agency of the ubiquitous plane , these are now so commonplace as almost to be regarded as a habitual risk of travel , and the names - sars , ebola , rixs-2 - no longer evoke the same terror that they once did , but consider , if you will , just the terminology of the airport buildings , and you will see that any would - be traveller of the skies , has a perfect right to feel afraid .
the caprivi strip is a long , fertile panhandle of land , in the northeast corner of namibia where that country borders angola , zambia , zimbabwe and botswana .
the name of the country was changed to the democratic republic of congo by laurent kibala when he overthrew the then leader joseph mobutu in 1997 .
they gave their lives for their country .
but even though he was questioning his once unshakable faith in his country , naqui was nt ready to play for the other team .
rutherford was nt worried about himself ; he d already given his life for his country .
he was convinced that a man like dash could nt just turn off his love for his country like a faucet , even if doubt was starting to cloud his view .
their other connection was an unmatched love for their country .
and he knows operation anesthesia has done gods work in keeping this country safe .
he was possibly the most important man in the country when it came to keeping people safe , but for some reason he did nt make billy feel safe .
rutherford looked at naqui , saluted , and then belted out , i proudly sacrifice my own life for the country i love .
jimmy london , who was defending his country overseas , flew thirty straight hours to be here .
as phillipa pushed the door to the launderette open , sasha felt the heat hit her in the face , like when you step off the plane in a hot country .
her grandmother had come from this country and all her forefathers before her .
lake chautauqua was a seasonal area that was invaded by folks from all over the country from memorial day through labor day .
i get the job done , work alone and answer to pretty much nobody in this company or country .
he tried to steer the conversation to the current economic situation and how the american government and people needed to be turned on their head in order to make a difference , even going so far as to say that a depression would put the country on a better track than an irresponsible bailout but the idiots kept bringing up the past , the war and saying that obama was going to fix the economy and make sure everyone got free education and health care .
most were in countries that would nt cooperate with the united states in an investigation , primarily in eastern europe .
he d read the stand and remembered kings eerie description of the country after captain trips took hold .
having a short supply will insure that people will be fighting for access , which will cause people to travel to the west coast cities and buy their way into line before returning to their lives around the country .
we will skip from country to country , shedding identities and leaving false leads as we go .
bill thought of the current economic conditions in the country and knew that something like a smallpox outbreak would cause the country to panic and potentially collapse .
pay dirt was found in his new favorite country , czechoslovakia , where there was a supplier to foundation that had the same security philosophy as its customer .
probably a good idea , the last thing this country needs is something as serious as this .
the country will be a shell and well be able to set up any kind of life we desire .
he did nt want to leave the country and did nt trust robert to get them all the way to a destination safely .
in the wake of the chaos there would be millions of square miles of the country being shared by just a percentage of those who are already here today .
we do nt need to send him the vaccine , he s going to leave the country after the smallpox has been planted , does nt want to be caught .
the korean team member had gone to great lengths to demonstrate ties back to the north korean government as well as some groups in that country who were very militant and bent on destruction .
toward the end of the file there was text from an email communication from robert that mentioned korea being a go , though it did nt mention a time or location within the country .
by the end of the weekend the country was in panic , even though the government assured them that the situation was coming under control .
also do nt go to new york anymore since my parents come down here all the time , feels like a foreign country when i go there , things have changed a lot .
they all needed to be placed under observation and the center for disease control was working with the red cross to set up centers around the country for those who had been in or through the city of seoul .
since we ve changed the plan , we ve got team members coming in from around the country to help us produce more vaccine here as well as help with the washington activity .
there were also requests flooding in from around the country to get state and key big city governments vaccinated as soon as possible .
robert mentioned that there was adequate supply to make sure there was coverage for all the major governments around the country , including second and third tier cities .
it was front page news all over the country and bill heard about it first thing in the morning , before he had a chance to log on to his computer .
guys get busted for this left and right all over the country all the time .
i was sort of bothered that she could be in this country and not learn her customers language .
it 's like we ' ve done nothing for this city , for this country , for anyone .
let me tell you about the good things to come for this company and this country .
bears in this part of the country ?
dizzy dean and enos ` ` country '' slaughter and red schoendienst , all the great cardinals , all the fabled gashouse gang , had played there .
every dealer in the country knows how much they cost . ''
their beloved tally had run away with someone they considered low - bred , a dark - skinned intruder from a godforsaken country .
the photographers scrambled about trying to get the perfect shot of the most famous vigilante in the country .
he had arrived in clanton on wednesday to investigate and write about what was billed as the most famous murder in the country , at the moment .
well , i usually associate local counsel when i try cases out in the country .
the most famous criminal case in the country at the moment .
he told me i could go to law school anywhere in the country , but if i chose an ivy league school he would not pay for it .
you folks have always been tuned in with the rest of the country . ''
everbody in the country will know it , and the niggers will go crazy .
you do n't like fried dill pickles , you 're attractive , very bright , you could go to work with any blue - chip law firm in the country for megabucks , yet you want to spend your career losing sleep over cutthroat murderers who are on death row and about to get their just rewards .
the informant told me that after thursday they ' ve had calls from all over the country from volunteers wantin ' to come down here and join the fun . ''
the story of lenny brookstein 's rise from pawnbroker 's lackey to world - respected billionaire had become an american legend , part of the country 's folklore .
for honor knowles , her whirlwind romance with the most eligible , dashing congressman in the country was easily the most exciting thing that had ever happened to her .
she was an emblem , a symbol of all that was greedy and corrupt and rotten in america , of the forces of evil that had brought the country to the brink of economic collapse and caused so much suffering and anguish .
like everybody else in the country , he knew who grace brookstein was .
on the one hand , his boss had just handed him what would , in a few short hours , become the biggest , most high - profile investigation in the country .
on the other hand , she did n't want to have to risk doing this every other week , not with half the country 's police departments out searching for her .
` ` because i believe merrivale has left the country to avoid being prosecuted for murder . ''
` ` mr . brookstein is returning to his home country of his own free will for urgent medical treatment .
` ` leaving the country . ''
i 'll forget about marriage if you forget about leaving the country .
he never suspected that later that night , in a country hundreds of miles away , the information would save his life .
12 in another country , a young guard sat patiently before an expansive bank of video monitors .
in his country women were possessions .
the cavernous interior of the basilica had room for over 60,000 worshipers ... over one hundred times the population of vatican city , the smallest country in the world .
the cart whisked them silently alongside the country 's western border - a fifty - foot - tall cement bulwark thick enough to ward off attacks even by tanks .
the world 's smallest country looked unsettlingly close , glowing white under a barrage of media lights .
like synapses of a giant heart all firing in tandem , the people reached for god , in dozens of languages , in hundreds of countries .
not unless the original stake was the size of a small country 's gdp .
` ` and to my country .
as far as that goes , we 'd be doing our country a favor . ''
it can be anywhere in the country .
that can also be anywhere in the country .
` first , wright began to transfer large amounts of money from various accounts in this country and in switzerland .
with their new carte blanche from the vatican , the knights templar expanded at a staggering rate , both in numbers and political force , amassing vast estates in over a dozen countries .
switzerland 's reputation for secrecy in banking had become one of the country 's most lucrative exports .
` ` you think we should leave the country ? ''
i ' m fleeing the country , sophie thought , her body forced back into the leather seat .
she was leaving the country , without documentation , accompanying a wanted man , and transporting abound hostage .
the senator was a regular here and currently one of the country 's most famous men .
we are simply two patriots who have different ideas about how to run the country we love . ''
this was 14225 leesburg highway , one of the most secretive addresses in the country .
nro director william pickering was diminutive , with pale skin , a forgettable face , a bald head , and hazel eyes , which despite having gazed upon the country 's deepest secrets , appeared as two shallow pools .
you may want to concentrate on the rest of the country . ''
talk about smart kids growing up in a country of opportunity .
` ` but this is polar bear country , right ? ''
his name would be the punch line to every joke in the country .
it is only this country 's scientific and technological edge that keeps us secure , and whether we like it or not , nasa is playing a bigger and bigger part in developing those technologies .
the damage to the country could have been worse , she told herself .
it had left him knowing his own country about as well as the average seven - year - old knows it .
this sort of thing gets on tv , every nut in the country is going to be trying it .
he opened it up to the early section where the whole country was shown all at once , all the states splattered over one page in a colorful mosaic .
the geologists concluded they had been deposited during a long journey across the country .
` ` this is a brand - new country , '' he said .
` ` loder called it a brand - new country . ''
a brand - new country .
we 're saying we want our country back .
given our country away .
hundreds of camps all over the country ?
a secret sign , to direct the world troops around the country .
` ` we got these militia groups all over the country , which is why we ca n't cover them all .
she started bein nice to him - bringin him special treats when he was out in the back shed , workin on somebody 's snowmobile or outboard motor , sittin beside him while we were watchin tv at night , sittin with him on the porch step while he whittled , listenin while he talked all his usual line of joe st george bullshit politics - how kennedy was lettin the jews n catholics run everythin , how it was the commies tryin to get the niggers into the schools n lunchrooms down south , and pretty soon the country would be ruined .
as long as i could keep makin him kick in his fair share if he happened to fall into somethin good , like when he got on the county road crew , i did n't give a shit if he thought every college in the country was run by the commies .
it 's the law in this great country of ours .
he had been hitching rides for the best part of twenty - five years , in more countries than he could easily recall , and three minutes was about the shortest interval between sticking out his thumb and climbing into a car he could remember .
the woman had read a guidebook in preparation for the mission that pointed out that the state makes up fully seven percent of america 's land mass and is bigger than most european countries .
hot , lonely , valueless country .
he had attended maybe fifteen different places , most of them in different countries and continents , and they all smelled the same .
the next morning , his mother would tell him which country they were in .
` ` this is a free country , spike , you can do almost anything you want . ''
` ` best - selling cake in the country .
the clients were from portland , and though his last name was webb and she was as pale as a swede , they both claimed italian blood and were keen to see the old country where it all began .
there are twenty regions in italy , and according to his quick review almost all claimed to have the greatest food and wine in the country .
as you know , this is soccer country . ''
eight months in florence , she had visited eleven of the country 's twenty regions , often traveling alone on weekends because her roommates were too lazy or apathetic or hungover .
the pretty town of bolzano is in the mountainous northeastern part of the country , in the trentino - alto adige region , a recent addition to italy that was chipped away from austria in 1919 by the allies as a reward to the italians for fighting the germans .
some of the african countries still had their former colonial identities .
` ` suddenly we were sure we were alone , outnumbered ten thousand to two , dead of night , in no man 's land , in the middle of a country we had no right be in .
` ` england 's a small country , '' he said .
` ` it was air force country , not army .
england was a lit - up country .
england is a small country but east anglia was a large empty part of it .
free country , and all that bullshit ? ''
` ` he said serving your country was a noble thing to do . ''
this country is overrun with groups like that .
there was talk of a posthumous distinguished service medal for reed riley , to recognize his time in an unspecified foreign country , and his father was to have a memorial service in a grand d.c . church the following week , to recognize who knew what .
i was thirty - six years old , a citizen of a country i had barely seen , and there were places to go , and there were things to do .
second , there are patriots , eager to serve their country .
mr . barr served his country , after all .
linsky had spent time in several different countries and there was no question in his mind about which was the most satisfactory .
for another , there 's no country in the world we ca n't find you in . ''
as for robbing the caisse , in which bond himself was not personally concerned , but only interested , he reflected that it would take ten good men , that they would certainly have to kill one or two employees , and that anyway you probably could n't find ten non - squeal killers in france , or in any other country for the matter of that .
proposed counter - operation it would be greatly in the interests of this country and of the other nations of the north atlantic treaty organization that this powerful soviet agent should be ridiculed and destroyed , that his communist trade union should be bankrupted and brought into disrepute , and that this potential fifth column , with a strength of 50,000 , capable in time of war of controlling a wide sector of france 's northern frontier , should lose faith and cohesion .
if he was here now , i would n't hesitate to kill him , but out of personal revenge and not , i ' m afraid , for some high moral reason or for the sake of my country . '
all you ' ve got to do is pull the trigger and you will have made a big hole in your country and your conscience at the same time .
' well , when you get back to london you will find there are other le chiffres seeking to destroy you and your friends and your country .
literature , listed countless sights to see after i had crossed the border - i would be going right through the indian country of fennimore cooper , and then across some of the great battlefields of the american revolution , for instance - and many of them cost around a dollar entrance fee .
so , when they ' ve told all they know , they get flown out to the country they ' ve chosen , and there a reception committee run by the local police , a very hush - hush affair , of course , takes them over and they 're gradually eased into a job and into a community just as if they were a bona fide immigrant .
2 gran turismo almost exactly twenty - four hours before , james bond had been nursing his car , the old continental bentley - the ' r ' type chassis with the big 6 engine and a 13:40 back - axle ratio - that he had now been driving for three years , along that fast but dull stretch of n.1 between abbeville and montreuil that takes the english tourist back to his country via silver city airways from le touquet or by ferry from boulogne or calais .
if that got about , this man would become the laughing - stock of the country .
passport in the name of sir hilary bray , containing various recently - dated frontier stamps in and out of france , germany , and the low countries , fairly well used and dog - eared .
we happen to be the most highly agriculturalized country in the world .
my ministry goes along with the general findings on bw , with the reservation that america is a vast country and we are a very small and tightly - packed one .
if mr franklin 's right , and that senate paper 's pretty solid backing for him , our currency 'll literally go through the floor - and the country with it . '
and when you find her , take her into custody for importing fowl pest into the country .
because there are some things i must tell you which affect my country .
i like the country where i operate to be orderly , peaceful .
i would certainly be chosen to play for my country . '
if you get hold of it , your grateful country will probably buy you that chicken farm you 're always talking about . '
do you know that in my country there 's a move afoot , not afoot , at full gallop , to give the aborigines the vote ?
australia and new zealand are two very great countries .
can you doubt that we would have occupied that country and new zealand if we had done otherwise ?
i can understand that your country would wish to have the services of this implement .
text begins : in amplification of number ones published speech to the supreme soviet on september first this confirms that we are in possession of the two hundred megaton weapon and that a test firing will take place on september twentieth at high altitude in the novaya zemlya area stop considerable fallout can be expected and public outcry can be anticipated in the arctic , north pacific and alaskan areas stop this should be countered and will be countered from moscow by reference to the more recent tests by america and to number ones repeated demands for an end to tests of nuclear fission weapons of offence which have successively been rebuffed stop for information the delivery of one such weapon by icbm on london would destroy all life and property south of a line drawn between newcastle and carlisle stop it follows that a second missile dropped in the neighbourhood of aberdeen would inevitably result in the total destruction of britain and all ireland stop this fact will shortly be employed by number one as the teeth in a diplomatic demarche designed to achieve the removal of all american bases and offensive weapons from britain and the nuclear disarmament of britain itself stop this will test to the uttermost and probably destroy the anglo hyphen american alliance since it can be assumed that america will not risk a nuclear war involving her territory for the sake of rescuing a now more or less valueless ally dash an ally now openly regarded in washington as of little more account than belgium or italy stop if this diplomatic demarche comma which must of course be categorized as carrying some degree of risk comma is successful it follows that similar demarches will be undertaken in europe and later in the pacific area comma individual countries being singled out one by one for terrorization and demoralization stop the final fruits of this grand stratagem if successful will guarantee the security of the ussr for the foreseeable future and ultimately result in peaceful coexistence with america stop peaceful intent of the ussr will therefore be emphasized throughout by number one and by all government agencies stop this line of reasoning you will also follow should your station be at any time involved or affected stop informatively all soviet citizens working in britain will be withdrawn from that country one week before the initial demarche stop no explanation will be given but a considerable and desirable heightening of tension will thus be achieved stop the same procedure which can be categorized as a softening up of the target country will be followed in the secondary demarches referred to above stop for the time being you should take no precautionary steps on your station except to prepare your mind in total secrecy for the eventuality that your station may become involved at some later date and that evacuation of your staff and the burning of archives will become mandatory on receipt of the code word quote lightning unquote addressed to you personally over circuit forty hyphen four stop end of text signed central .
text begins : in amplification of number ones published speech to the supreme soviet on september first this confirms that we are in possession of the two hundred megaton weapon and that a test firing will take place on september twentieth at high altitude in the novaya zemlya area stop considerable fallout can be expected and public outcry can be anticipated in the arctic , north pacific and alaskan areas stop this should be countered and will be countered from moscow by reference to the more recent tests by america and to number ones repeated demands for an end to tests of nuclear fission weapons of offence which have successively been rebuffed stop for information the delivery of one such weapon by icbm on london would destroy all life and property south of a line drawn between newcastle and carlisle stop it follows that a second missile dropped in the neighbourhood of aberdeen would inevitably result in the total destruction of britain and all ireland stop this fact will shortly be employed by number one as the teeth in a diplomatic demarche designed to achieve the removal of all american bases and offensive weapons from britain and the nuclear disarmament of britain itself stop this will test to the uttermost and probably destroy the anglo hyphen american alliance since it can be assumed that america will not risk a nuclear war involving her territory for the sake of rescuing a now more or less valueless ally dash an ally now openly regarded in washington as of little more account than belgium or italy stop if this diplomatic demarche comma which must of course be categorized as carrying some degree of risk comma is successful it follows that similar demarches will be undertaken in europe and later in the pacific area comma individual countries being singled out one by one for terrorization and demoralization stop the final fruits of this grand stratagem if successful will guarantee the security of the ussr for the foreseeable future and ultimately result in peaceful coexistence with america stop peaceful intent of the ussr will therefore be emphasized throughout by number one and by all government agencies stop this line of reasoning you will also follow should your station be at any time involved or affected stop informatively all soviet citizens working in britain will be withdrawn from that country one week before the initial demarche stop no explanation will be given but a considerable and desirable heightening of tension will thus be achieved stop the same procedure which can be categorized as a softening up of the target country will be followed in the secondary demarches referred to above stop for the time being you should take no precautionary steps on your station except to prepare your mind in total secrecy for the eventuality that your station may become involved at some later date and that evacuation of your staff and the burning of archives will become mandatory on receipt of the code word quote lightning unquote addressed to you personally over circuit forty hyphen four stop end of text signed central .
' i plead youth and the heat of a war that i thought would bring much glory to my country .
then president kennedy had come out with the strongest speech of his career , and had committed total reprisals from the united states in the event of a single nuclear device being exploded by the soviet union in any country in the world outside soviet territory .
perhaps material from a similar , though no doubt inferior , source that would be of equal importance in the defence of our country ? '
' in that case , my dear bondo - san , and since i know you to be a man of honour , except , of course , in matters affecting your country , which this does not , i will tell you quite an interesting story .
he said , in an expository tone of voice , ' ever since the beginning of the era of meiji , who you will know was the emperor who fathered the modernization and westernization of japan from the beginning of his reign nearly a hundred years ago , there have from time to time been foreigners who have come to this country and settled here .
presumably you 're talking of the lower level gis - second - generation americans who are basically irish or germans or czechs or poles who probably ought to be working in the fields or coalmines of their countries of origin instead of swaggering around a conquered country under the blessed coverlet of the stars and stripes with too much money to spend .
presumably you 're talking of the lower level gis - second - generation americans who are basically irish or germans or czechs or poles who probably ought to be working in the fields or coalmines of their countries of origin instead of swaggering around a conquered country under the blessed coverlet of the stars and stripes with too much money to spend .
i did not ask you here to pour out my innermost repugnance at the occupation of my country .
there are many cultured americans who have taken up residence in this country and who are most valued citizens .
my country has not been occupied for many centuries .
but there is one such person who entered the country in january of this year who has revealed himself to be an eccentric of the most devilish nature .
in january of this year , there entered the country , quite legally , a gentleman by the name of doctor guntram shatterhand .
he quickly got in touch with the equivalent authorities in japan and with experts in the ministry of agriculture , and these gentlemen were astonished and delighted to learn that doctor shatterhand was prepared to spend no less than one million pounds on establishing an exotic garden or park in this country which he would stock with a priceless collection of rare plants and shrubs from all over the world .
if you have any regard for your country , you leave tomorrow . '
in its place we now see a vacuous , aimless horde of seekers - after - pleasure - gambling at the pools and bingo , whining at the weather and the declining fortunes of the country , and wallowing nostalgically in gossip about the doings of the royal family and of your so - called aristocracy in the pages of the most debased newspapers in the world . '
he would be tried , sentenced , and then quietly smuggled out of the country .
james bond wrestled with his chopsticks and slivers of raw octopus and a mound of rice ( ' you must get accustomed to the specialities of the country , bondo - san ' ) and watched the jagged coastline , interspersed with glittering paddy - fields , flash by .
i had been far from the air raids and even farther from the front line , and every night when i listened to the radio from my homeland and heard the bad news of the slow but sure approach of the american forces , island by island , airstrip by airstrip , i paid no attention to the false news of the nazis , but thought only that my country was in danger and that i was needed to defend it . '
there was much throwing of paper streamers by groups bearing placards to show whom they represented - business outings , schools , clubs - part of the vast travelling population of japan , for ever on the move , making an outing , visiting relatives or shrines , or just seeing the sights of the country .
a blown - up aerial mosaic of the castle of death and the surrounding country was produced from a riling cabinet and laid out on the desk .
while he tried on his ninja equipment and watched each item being carefully packed into a floatable plastic container , his mind was totally occupied with the image of his enemy - this man blofeld , the great gangster who had founded spectre , the special executive for counter - intelligence , terrorism , revenge and extortion , the man who was wanted by the police of all the nato countries , the man who had murdered tracy , bond 's wife for less than a day , a bare nine months ago .
and of course , japan , with the highest suicide statistics in the world , a country with an unquenchable thirst for the bizarre , the cruel and the terrible , would provide the perfect last refuge for him .
then the great days of the black dragon koan would come again to save the country of the rising sun from the creeping paralysis of demokorasu !
and there will be official inquiries for him , from fukuoka , perhaps even from tokyo , for he is surely a man of renown in his own country . '
i connect it with a very big country .
i believe the country is called russia .
something on these lines : ' the ministry of defense is pleased -- ' no , say ' delighted to announce that commander james bond etc . , who was posted as missing , believed killed while on a mission to japan last november , has returned to this country after a hazardous journey across the soviet union which is expected to yield much valuable information .
it 's a fiercely catholic country , and hurricane flora was considered as the final judgment from heaven .
to become a public person , a person , in the snobbish world of england , of any country , who would be called upon to open things , lay foundation stones , make after - dinner speeches , brought the sweat to his armpits .
` ` -major smythe was reminiscent , pally- '' those were some of the jolliest months of my life , haring around the country with mob force .
and recently there entered this country the most amazing specimen of all - the so - called emerald sphere , a work of supreme art hitherto known only from a sketch by the great man himself .
one just does n't catch the smell of all this in a country like england .
you must leave the country today , and mr . leiter must transfer to another assignment .
he certainly seems to have the run of this country .
` ` after all , sir , '' he continued reasonably , ` ` it looks as if he 's made this country safe from war for years .
they were supposed to carry on even when we had overrun the country .
they tell me the moonraker ca n't exist without drax and the papers say the whole future of the country depends on the thing .
according to the welfare ministry there are now 1,500,000 addicts in the country , of whom one million are under the age of 20 , and the tokyo metropolitan police attribute 70 per cent of juvenile crime to the influences of the drug .
and , like the rest of england , they considered him a possible saviour of the country .
if drax was willing , he would put the whole affair at blades out of his mind and concentrate on protecting drax and his wonderful project from their country 's enemies .
there was a short crackle of static and then gala could hear the voice of the prime minister , the voice of all the great occasions in her life , coming through in broken fragments as drax put the car into third and accelerated out of the town , ' ... weapon devised by the ingenuity of man ... a thousand miles into the firmament ... area patrolled by her majesty 's ships ... designed exclusively for the defence of our beloved island ... a long era of peace ... development for man 's great journey away from the confines of this planet ... sir hugo drax , that great patriot and benefactor of our country ... ' gala heard drax 's roar of laughter above the howling of the wind , a great scornful bray of triumph , and then the set was switched off .
then i could stand this filthy country no longer and i completed my education in berlin and leipzig . ''
they consisted quite simply of revenge on england for what she had done to me and to my country .
every day during the year of the rape and destruction of my country my hatred and scorn for the english grew more bitter ` ` the veins on drax 's face started to swell and suddenly he pounded on the desk and shouted across at them , looking with bulging eyes from one to the other .
every bloody fool in the country !
` ` says he wants you and miss brand out of the country . ''
` ` of course they could arrest the carriers as soon as they took delivery and tried to get out of the country , '' said m impatiently .
america 's a civilized country .
good job , and it takes you all over the country . ''
has to be paid a special bonus if there 's a job that means moving around the country .
and i ' m afraid that could still happen in this country today .
my guess is that we oughta get you and james out of the country pretty quick .
probably ca n't imagine that a foreigner would want to live in their blasted country . '
in a country with a population of 200,000,000 , you can kill many thousands a year without missing them .
or was there perhaps some other man whom he had never heard of , in some other country , who would have to be set aside before absolute supremacy was his ?
first we lose gouzenko and the whole of the canadian apparat and the scientist fuchs , then the american apparat is cleaned up , then we lose men like tokaev , then comes the scandalous khoklov affair which did great damage to our country , then petrov and his wife in australia - a bungled business if ever there was one !
is that man a hero to his organization and his country ? '
at this stage it is only clear to me that the deed must be done away from england , and in a country over whose press and radio we have influence .
in a foreign country ? '
then you will be sent to a foreign country , somewhere in europe .
you will be in a foreign country , and alone .
it was up to bond to solve the problem of this girl and , if he was satisfied with her story , get her and the machine out of the country .
his size alone , in this country of furtive , stunted little men , would give him authority , and his giant vitality and love of life would make everyone his friend .
in my country you let sleeping dogs lie , but when they wake up and bite , you shoot them .
sorry i have n't got time to show you more of the beauties of my country . '
all the towns were spelled in the language of the country except milan .
this is still my country and i have certain powers in it .
even in their country there are some names i can mention .
the sparkling scene emphasized the dark and dirt of the countries the train had come from , and bond watched with an almost sensuous pleasure the gaily dressed people pass through the patches of sunshine towards the entrance , and the sunburned people , the ones who had had their holidays , hasten up the platform to get their seats on the train .
the sea birds of the country eat five hundred thousand tons ! ''
of the douce weather of england : the soft airs , the ' heat waves , the cold spells-'the only country where you can take a walk every day of the year'-chesterfield 's letters ?
not really your line of country , except for one particular angle which ' - m jerked his pipe sideways in a throwaway gesture - ' may not be an angle at all . '
briefly , india is shorter of gold , particularly for her jewellery trade , than any other country . '
' you could get a small premium in most countries -switzerland , for instance - but it would n't be worth your while .
he was only twenty when he arrived , but he must have been a bright lad because he smelled that the russians would be swallowing his country pretty soon .
well , soon after he 'd been naturalized - he was a harmless sort of chap and in a useful trade and he had no difficulty in getting his papers - he started buying up small pawn - brokers all over the country .
all right , perhaps mr goldfinger is not a very honest man , but he behaves himself and keeps in well with the police , and with much more blatant fiddling going on all over the country nobody paid him any attention . '
could this have been the korean who now travelled the country collecting the old gold from the chain of goldfinger jewellery shops ?
he acquired the taste during a famine in his country when he was young . '
it was possible that one of his servants was trying to smuggle something out of the country .
but it was impossible to tell if goldfinger was heading north - for the low countries or austria or germany - or if he was off to the south .
he financed a spy network , probably smersh , and he made fortunes smuggling gold to india , the country where he could get the biggest premium .
' i own about twenty million pounds ' worth , about as much as a small country .
we shall say that it will be necessary for us to sample the air as we approach fort knox for , by this time , news of the mysterious affliction that has struck down the inhabitants will have reached the outer world and there is likely to be some panic in the surrounding area , and indeed in the country as a whole .
if it was a professional job , whoever did it could have had the stuff out of the country by midday or into an embassy in paris inside an hour . ''
it was much the same sort of country as you 'll be using , only different trees .
there were two thousand american gangsters in the country - italian - americans who had been convicted and expelled from the united states .
` ` you goddam austrian beech -- '' ` ` do n't dare insult my country , you italian toad . ''
these people are enemies of your country as well as mine .
occasionally some pleasant little country - and he admitted they 'd been pretty big league in the past - like england would be lent some money so that they could take a hand with the grown - ups .
i get about the country quite a lot .
if , within 48 hours after this warning , willingness to accept our terms is still not communicated , there will ensue , without further warning , the destruction of a major city situated in an undesignated country of the world .
when he had done what had to be done he would go straight to london airport and take the first plane out to any country on the continent .
two thousand persons is not very many in my country and their death , compared with the devastation of this important missile station , would not , in the soviet union , be considered of great importance .
to this day , it remained this country 's greatest untold secret .
many of the country 's cultural elite attend . ''
adorning every one - dollar bill in circulation , the unfinished pyramid waited patiently for its shining capstone , which hovered above it as a reminder of america 's yet- unfulfilled destiny and the work yet to be done , both as a country and as individuals .
you 're sworn to protect him above all else , even your country ! ''
it was a gift to america from a wealthy british scientist who , like our forefathers , believed our fledgling country could become the land of enlightenment .
` ` as i said when i began , '' solomon stated in conclusion , ` ` james smithson and our forefathers envisioned our great country to be a land of enlightenment .
sure enough , seated around the altar , adorned in their long silk gloves , masonic aprons , and glistening jewels , were some of the country 's most powerful men .
your country ?
he prayed that his beloved country would soon come to grasp the true power of the word -- the recorded collection of the written wisdom of all the ancient masters -- the spiritual truths taught by the great sages .
very rare in this country . ''
they said they 'd give me time to leave the country .
oldtown is a small city with three distinctions : its paper mill ; its canoe factory ; and twelve of the roughest honky - tonks in this great smiling country .
` ` this is still our country .
we 're still the f**king police in our own country . ''
shit : we 're giving this country away . ''
when they were sending 150,000 students a year to america , to learn about our country .
but our problem in this country is that we do n't deal with the japanese the way they really are . ''
you know , anybody who goes to live in some foreign country , it 's because he ca n't fit in here at home .
this country is in a war and some people understand it , and some other people are siding with the enemy .
it 's a different country now .
the standard of living is going up in their countries , and there 's more opportunity back home now .
they find it pleasant to relax in a slower - paced country like ours . ''
because this is our country .
of course japanese are reluctant to express disagreement among themselves , even on the golf course of an underdeveloped peasant country .
` ` he claims our reporter said on air , ' the damn japanese are taking over this country . '
we warn the talent to be careful what they do in front of a camera , but last year , louise unbuttoned her blouse and miked herself - and we got calls from all over the country . ''
lenny was talking on camera before the feed , and he said to louise , ' the goddamn japanese are going to own this country if we do n't wise up . '
` ` the two countries are different .
they 're turning this country into another japan .
if we do so , our great country will enter an era of unparalleled prosperity .
you attempted to break the laws of this country and now there is going to be big trouble .
in this country , the work of mr . ishiguro put him in contact with many investment bankers , and men who make leveraged buy - outs .
it was like the situation with japan : if you sell the country to japan , then they will own it , whether you like it or not .
the fact is that a country the size of montana , with half our population , will soon have an economy equal to ours .
currently , every year , we 're adding the equivalent of the entire country of germany . ''
arabia , spain , greece ... each country was portrayed in remarkable detail , considering that the drawings had been made more than five hundred years ago , at a time when much of the world had yet to be mapped or explored .
` ` sienna , '' langdon whispered , feeling ill . ` ` we 're in the wrong country . ''
we 're in the wrong country , langdon had told her , having realized to his shock the actual location of enrico dandolo 's tomb .
` ` we 're in the wrong country , '' langdon announced .
we 're in the wrong country .
you said all you told her is that you were in the wrong country ! ''
eighty - eight women , and we do n't know which one is next , seventeen days to go , if he sticks to his cycle , three agents every twenty - four hours , that 's more than a hundred thousand man - hours , random locations all around the country .
` ` this is a real big country . ''
a country this size , it 's kind of limiting , is n't it ?
the big names were booked for radio shows and personal appearances , and they also played the important nightclubs around the country .
it consisted of dirty saloons all over the country where the great unwashed public gathered to guzzle beer and belch at the strippers and destroy the comics for sport .
toby traveled across the country by bus .
it was a duplicate of ten thousand other sleazy little bars scattered throughout the country , a watering hole for losers .
on the advice of his attorney , the comedian immediately left the country for an indefinite vacation .
everyone in the country recognized his voice , and she was asking who it was !
he explained how it had managed to become less powerful than uganda and how it could not have happened to a more deserving country .
but toby and jill were met at the sheremetyevo international airport by a large zil limousine and driven to the metropole hotel , usually reserved for vips from satellite countries .
after that , it was a front - page story in newspapers across the country and in europe .
he traveled around the country , selling the firm 's products , talking and listening .
they 're going to different countries .
by the time the boys reached their middle teens , they had traveled to different countries with their father .
within the next seven years , there were branches of the roffe family in five foreign countries .
` ` it 's a wild , untamed country , full of magical surprises . ''
our labor force is what makes our country great .
and that was before they found out he was a blackwell and one of the richest kids in the country .
keith webster had been in the country for three weeks .
we have some of the best rock climbing in the country . ''
in america , gabe discovered , there were professors who 'd devoted their entire lives to the study of kruger - brent , ltd . as if it were a country or a war , a great king or a pandemic disease .
both men had come to south africa to make their fortunes , determined to love the country , to make it their home .
main street was packed with enticing coffee shops and restaurants offering some of the best food in the country , but gabe always packed his own lunch .
all across the country , large numbers of baby girls were being christened alexandra .
but kruger - brent operated all over the world , in muslim and hindu countries .
` ` it 's supposed to be the best safari experience in the country . ''
the elizabeth center was going to be the biggest shopping mall in the country , built on two hundred prime commercial acres in a wealthy suburb of johannesburg .
to the east , she could almost see to the mozambique border - mile upon mile of some of the most stunning country on earth .
the curse of this beautiful country .
three weeks at robbie and paolo 's farmhouse in the south african wine country might be just what the doctor ordered .
without family values , this country would be up the creek even worse than it is .
is a country . , steve 's voice rose an octave .
i ' handle some of the biggest clients in the country . '
my mother and i traveled around the country a great deal .
they were stunned to learn that kaminsky is in their country .
' 's what this country is all about .
michael moretti 's attorney was a tall , silver - haired man in his fifties , the consigliere for the syndicate , and one of the shrewdest criminal lawyers in the country .
' it 's one of the toughest in the country , ' professor oakes warned her .
` ` looking at it from the pessimist 's point of view , i ' m trying my first case against the smartest district attorney in the country , who has a vendetta against me , and my client is a convicted black killer who killed again in front of a hundred and twenty witnesses . ''
but all adam said was , ` ` i have to go out of the country for a while . ''
- this country 'd be a damned monarchy . ''
there was a syndicated series on michael moretti , calling him the most important mafia leader in the country .
he headed a committee to investigate conditions in federal penitentiaries , and he visited prisons around the country .
but he was going to take her out of the country with him because the police would be looking for a man alone .
throughout new york and around the country , the word was spreading .
the cow palace in san francisco was a madhouse , filled with noisy , chanting delegates from all over the country .
if you 'll just take a look at these charts i ' ve prepared , i ' ve broken down different sections of the country into various ethnic groups .
in every part of the country he could be watched on television , heard on radio , seen on billboards .
i ' ve never been to a country where nobody speaks english . ''
organized crime in our country is like a deadly python that is squeezing our economy , swallowing up our courts , threatening our very lives .
he kissed her hand gallantly and said , ` ` what an honor to have you in our country again , jennifer .
a few moments later jennifer found herself surrounded by lawyers she had worked for and against all over the country .
` ` look , '' he said , ` ` all you got ta do is blow the country .
second , i want to get out of the country .
` ` i ' m an attorney , licensed to practice in the state of new york , as well as in many other states in this country . ''
jennifer had been to other oriental countries , but the people in singapore seemed extraordinarily beautiful , men and women both .
` ` i ' m sorry , senator warner , miss parker is out of the country . ''
many of our young people are dying because of the drugs that are brought into our country , miss parker .
michael placed telephone calls to other families around the country , and all of them demanded to know what was going on .
he was the country 's new folk hero , and adam knew it was due in no small measure to the crime investigation he had headed , the investigation that would destroy jennifer parker .
she spoke english - but she did not know what country she was from or how she had come to be in greece , in the small carmelite convent that sheltered her .
constantin demiris was out of the country when it happened .
` ` would you give me the country and the number , please ? ''
the country code was 39 , and the exchange was 91 .
there 's a law against taking any antiquities out of the country , naturally .
maybe get out of the country .
` ` ... antiquities ... and gave it to me , i could get it out of the country and sell it for you , and give prizzi the money you owe him .
` ` how will you get it out of the country ?
i 'll find a way to smuggle it out of the country and sell it .
marvin seymour asked , ` ` how are you going to get the stuff out of the country ? ''
i could run away to another country and abandon my wife and children .
on june 22 , 1940 , after the axis forces had conquered poland , czechoslovakia , norway , and the low countries , france fell , and the brunt of the war fell on the british isles .
due to the radical changes in the weather , millions of people in countries around the world are facing starvation and extinction .
i ' ve already started hiring some experts to go to third world countries . ''
in fact , she had the bearing of a princess from some exotic country .
there 's no way they can get out of the country .
` ` i always carry it with me in a strange country . ''
and kelly added , ` ` and lately this has become one hell of a strange country . ''
i love your country , and i would not want to see it destroyed .
` ` you are destroying my country !
we could buy a country and proclaim ourselves the rulers .
` ` one of the reasons this great country of ours is in such pitiful shape is that the streets are crawling with vermin who think they can get away with anything .
the country 's prisons were all overcrowded and understaffed .
i believe that joe romano took out the insurance policy with the intention of faking a burglary , collecting the insurance , and reselling the painting to a private party , and that by this time the painting is probably out of the country .
his honor is out of the country . ''
some of our country 's most prominent judges have been chosen in the past .
he 's the most brilliant scientist in the country . ''
in my country , i am a national hero . ''
there were ladies and duchesses and princesses and baronesses and countesses by the score from two dozen countries , and the books were invaluable to tracy , for they gave family histories dating back centuries , with the names of fathers and mothers and children , schools and houses , and addresses of family residences .
tracy chose saturday to visit the caves , when they were most crowded , packed with hundreds of tourists from countries all over the world .
the ritz hotel , on the plaza de la lealtad in madrid , is considered the best hotel in spain , and for more than a century it has housed and fed monarchs from a dozen european countries .
porretta asked , ` ` how do you plan to carry the painting out of the country ? ''
by the time they discover the substitution , we 'll have you on an airplane out of the country .
the whole country is sixteen feet below sea level . ''
` ` do you know how they plan to get the gold out of the country , inspector ? ''
the diamond had been carried out of the country by a homing pigeon .
embarcadero county was the oldest hospital in san francisco , and one of the oldest in the country .
their fathers were part of a medical cadre of who that traveled to third world countries , fighting exotic and virulent diseases .
all those years he had worked as a doctor in third world countries , like his father and paige 's father , doing the wonderful work that they did .
it affects people from latin american countries . ''
sixty - three percent of americans believe euthanasia should be legal , and in eighteen states in this country , it is legal .
her father had been head of the memorial hospital of bedford county , one of the top one hundred hospitals in the country .
he would find oat what he could from her and then turn the information over to jesse quiller , one of the best criminal defense lawyers in the country .
if she were given the opportunity , she would flee the country . ''
they were on their way to top security prisons around the country .
besides , half the marriages in this country end in divorce .
that 's all the time i need to drive the tyrant ionescu out of my country . ''
he owned a chain of influential newspapers around the country and was reputed to be enormously wealthy .
since he seized power ionescu 's been bleeding the country dry .
groza got out of the country by the skin of his teeth . ''
` ` oh , once in a while she 'll tell stories her grandfather told her about the old country . ''
what they had , mrs . ashley , was intelligence , a love for their country , and goodwill toward the people of the country where they were sent to serve . ''
what they had , mrs . ashley , was intelligence , a love for their country , and goodwill toward the people of the country where they were sent to serve . ''
you would be living in a foreign country where we do n't speak the language , and you would be going to a strange school . ''
` ` you expect to represent the united states in an iron curtain country , and you 're telling us that your entire knowledge of the world comes from living in junction city , kansas . ''
you can do more for our country over there than anyone else i can think of . ''
otopeni airport , ten miles from the heart of bucharest , is a modern airport , built to facilitate the flow of travelers from nearby iron curtain countries as well as to take care of the lesser number of western tourists who visit remania each year .
in a way , mary thought , it 's going to be my country too .
it 's a gsp country . ''
` ` it 's tough for youngsters , trying to adjust in a foreign country .
very few of them are ever allowed to leave the country . ''
` ` i confess i feel an evilness about this country .
` ` there must be something we can do to help those people get out of the country . ''
she found herself saying , ` ` what we are doing here today may seem a small thing , but it is important , because it is one more bridge between our country and all the countries of eastern europe .
the romanian government would never allow her out of the country . ''
you 'll be doing our country a great service . ''
finally she said , ` ` mr . president , if i did agree to stay , i would insist that.our country give sanctuary to corina socoli . ''
you ' ve put up buildings all over this fair country of ours .
in 1975 the movie jaws swept the country , and people stopped going into the ocean .
but all that was a long , long time ago , in the old country .
this is dangerous country .
no wonder this country is going to hell , he thought .
and across the country is the great cameron hotel chain . ''
i ' ve already hired stanton fielding , the top architect in the country , to design this project , and andrew burton from washington to do the landscaping . ''
when i travel , i see your name all over the country . ''
what is it like to put up enormous buildings all over the country ? ''
i miss you , darling '' ... '' lara , i assume you 're out of the country , or i would have heard from you '' ... '' i ' m worried about you , lara .
we 'll send out a description of your watch to pawnshops around the country . ''
he was unprotected , surrounded by the most dangerous beasts in the world , in a strange , primitive country .
` ` well , i do n't know what horseshit they fed you in scotland , but there ai n't enough diamonds in this fuckin ' country to pay expenses . ''
their kingdom , their country .
` ` you really come from a faraway country . ''
he 's the most important man in this part of the country .
love was a wonderful new country to be explored .
but at the last minute she would be reprieved and david would take her in his arms and carry her off to some exotic country where the food was better than the bloody slop they served at bloody cheltenham .
` ` when father wanted to come to this country , they laughed at him .
he was an american , but america was a foreign country to him .
but no one is going to war over some little balkan country . ''
the party leaders had pledged their support to the allies and accepted responsibility for defending south africa against germany , but the majority of afrikaners opposed the country 's support of great britain .
blacks from other countries come thousands of miles in order to enter this country .
blacks from other countries come thousands of miles in order to enter this country .
kate left the meeting frustrated and deeply fearful for her country .
when we open a factory in a depressed community or country , those people can afford to build schools and libraries and churches , and give their children decent food and clothing and recreation facilities . ''
` ` south africa 's a f - fantastic country , m - mother .
some eight weeks later , a small but steady stream of jewish refugees began to arrive in allied countries to go to work in kruger - brent factories .
davis was one of the best riding teachers in the country .
my fiance is a construction engineer working in israel , and he wo n't be back in this country for another three years . ''
george was supposed to take over the business , but he got in so many scrapes over there with girls and boys and goats , for all i know , that his father and his brothers finally got fed up and shipped him out of the country . ''
they go around the country pillaging , robbing banks , and killing policemen , and you dare to say they are not our enemies ? ''
they found themselves in an uncharted country with no map and no compass .
she was stranded with no passport and almost no money , and by now the police of half a dozen countries would be looking for her to arrest her for murder .
we know the country .
or : my father was a clever spy from another country ...
the whole country 's looking for her . ''
i need a new one in order to get out of the country to visit my stricken aunt . ''
we can not foul our own nest by encouraging a revolution in the country where we make our living . ''
i 'll be out of the country tomorrow .
the scarred giant said , ` ` it 's obvious that miro is heading north toward basque country . ''
this is a magical country . ''
you 're in basque country now .
the whole country was following the hegira of the nuns .
their best bet to get out of the country is probably san sebastian .
` ` san sebastian is basque country . ''
` ` my dear miss scott , when the head of an organization as important as scott industries flies to my country to see me , i can only be honored .
` ` it occurred to me that while we have a few factories in spain , we 're not using nearly enough of the potential that your country has to offer . ''
` ` and you have not decided in which country you wish to open this plant ? ''
the history of this country began here .
` ` the people who are running the country have turned it into an old boys ' club .
` ` half the people in this country do n't vote , '' he told them .
and think about that power , oliver , to be the most important man in the world , running the most powerful country in the world .
well , i meant it ... and think about that power , oliver , to be the most important man in the world , running the most powerful country in the world .
an attractive young female reporter , dressed in battle fatigues and holding a microphone , was saying , ` ` the new treaty is supposed to take effect at midnight tonight , but regardless of whether it holds , it can never bring back the peaceful villages in this war - torn country or restore the lives of the innocents who have been swept up in the ruthless reign of terror . ''
by the time dana was eleven years old , she had lived in five american cities and in four foreign countries .
the primaries around the country started well .
in pennsylvania : ` ` manufacturing is the life - blood of this country .
in speeches at army bases around the country , it was preparedness .
there were more than a hundred correspondents covering his campaign , some of them from countries at the far ends of the earth .
they are holding the country hostage , and they are merciless .
` ` the bombed - out churches you see behind me are a symbol of what is happening in this country .
those who can , flee the country , and give up their apartments and all their possessions .
` ` you were permitted to come into our country to report , not to make judgments . ''
you are a guest in my country .
i ' ve been trying to figure out a way to get them out of the country , but so far , nothing has worked . ''
we ca n't get involved in anything like that they 'll throw us all out of the country . ''
this country means everything to me . ''
because during the first four years , he 's just beginning to get an idea of what he can do to make this country better .
the name on the guest register was j. l. smith , but his looks suggested one of the middle east countries .
his stupid salesmen friends traveled around the country picking up sluts and professional whores , but norman had the last laugh .
israel is a tiny country .
` ` this is truly a historic moment in the history of our great country .
judd had plunged himself totally into his work , and in time had become one of the outstanding psychoanalysts in the country .
best in the country . ''
the day after tomorrow she would be out of the country .
` ` this is one of the biggest pipelines in the country , '' de - marco boasted , raising his voice to make himself heard .
every cop in the country 's looking for him .
it was the whole country .
a million vagabonds , including two hundred thousand children , were roaming the country .
otto , meanwhile , was traveling around the country putting together his hypothetical mega - deals .
there would be no more moving around the country every few months , changing apartments and schools .
mandel brothers had a chain of stores around the country , so in time i could become a regional manager and even work my way up to president .
paul ash would give me a contract to travel around the country with him .
sidney sheldon would travel around the country with him .
paul ash did not invite me to travel around the country with him , but there was one interesting fallout from the paul ash contest .
in that year , 1936 , the major hotels in the country had orchestras in their ballrooms that broadcast coast to coast .
since the orchestra was broadcasting nationwide , people would be hearing my song all over the country .
horace heidt was one of the most popular bandleaders in the country .
` ` my silent self '' would be broadcast from new york , and be heard often all over the country .
the greyhound bus station had an air of excitement , with people going to and coming from cities all over the country .
i started writing letters to members of congress , telling them that i was determined to serve my country and that i needed their help .
the merry widow , a famous operetta by franz lehar , was the story of a prince from a small kingdom who courts a wealthy widow to keep her money in his country .
eddie cantor had starred in half a dozen movies and was arguably one of the most popular comedians in the country .
i have to be out of the country , shooting a segment for this project i ' m doing for national brotherhood week . ''
` ` the bitch married me so she could get a visa to come to this country . ''
it was based chiefly on communism because that is the dominant form of totalitarianism , but i was trying chiefly to imagine what communism would be like if it were firmly rooted in the english speaking countries , and was no longer a mere extension of the russian foreign office .
joseph levitch had been a stand - up comic in small nightclubs around the country .
both men were besieged with invitations for them to host charity events all over the country , and lewis , who was very gregarious , always said yes .
shecky was one of the top nightclub acts around the country .
we would travel to colleges around the country , sell tickets for our show , and donate all the money to the colleges .
it is customary when a book comes out for an author to travel around the country , publicizing it , making the public aware that the book is in stores .
this is kid country .
mike jesus and the disciples in the country of the gadarenes .
` ` you were not born in this country ? ''
this country is the land of promise , right ? ''
when i immigrate to this country , i thought , must protect identity .
you 're the curator of the berlin museum full of art stolen from every invaded country .
one of many scattered throughout the country , it was a place where the remnants of seventy - five years of communism could be stored and safely studied .
three years later czech and slovakia divorced , hastily dividing the country 's spoils .
worse yet , a stranger in a foreign country .
i speak the language here and am familiar with this country .
if knoll was in stod , she needed to get out of the country .
` ` goring tried to have his pick of the art spoils before hitler 's thieves arrived in any conquered country .
some of the most valuable objects in the world rested in the surrounding chamberscthe full extent of loring 's public collection was known only to her and her employer , all protected behind thick stone walls and the anonymity a rural estate in a former communist - bloc country provided .
the callers apparently did not desire my corporate presence in the country .
` ` and from all over the country . ''
he had a 12:30 tee time at the palm beach country club ; not that it mattered that much .
we ' ve honed our skills in a dozen or soraces around the country , and we 're making a habit of pulling off victories that surprise a lot of people . ''
some had jets and buzzed around the country piecing together the latest class action in the latest mass tort .
this county has the highest rate of cancer in the country because the drinking water is polluted .
then it shocked the reader with a collection of some of the country 's zaniest verdicts , a well - used and trusted list that always sparked outrage .
and when you argue that other areas of the country have seen very high rates of cancer , you 're not suggesting that any of these other places are fifteen times above the national average , are you ? ''
the town was hit with a wave of cancer never before seen in this country .
the jury found the company liable and awarded dillman $ 275,000 , the lowest rybadell verdict in the country .
it was a screamer , a popular bat manufactured by win rite sporting goods , one of a dozen to be found in any ballpark in the country .
you can get a job with any firm in the country , now or five years from now . ''
tim reynolds had been the first to sneak in a sleeping bag - a new , thermally insulated eddie bauer special that he claimed he 'd owned for years and taken all over the country .
no one 's going to come out and say there are financial interests in his country working with interests in that country so they can buy their way into canadian raw materials or any other market .
your own country 's very touchy about the subject .
correspondents based in caracas have been unable to unearth any birth certificates anywhere in the country for an llich ramirez sanchez .
' i suspect they 're halfway to normandy or marseilles or , if they 're lucky , out of the country . '
it was the last place in manhattan a person would suspect of housing one of the most sensitive intelligence operations in the country .
i come out of a country where educated men are promoted at the whim of morons who recite marxist litany by rote .
in the country .
we shall force our beloved country to remember , and in their names to remain strong , lackey to no one\ those who oppose us will know our anger .
then they find out he 's someone else , by which time carlos is in another country , another contract fulfilled .
they were the outcasts , men who had gone beyond the laws in the service of their country , who often killed in the interests of their country .
' can you get me out of the country ?
there 's no record of mr conklin having left the country in over a year . '
the country has been looted by the mobsters .
` ` i 'll take the rest of the country . ''
the tough talk was contagious , and as america woke up to the terrible news in cairo , the country was also treated to a brash chorus of threats and ultimatums from the other seven candidates .
we searched his car , found his briefcase , and inside there were eight letters addressed to various men all over the country .
for four hours , in his new boeing jet that would hold a hundred and leased for $ 1 million a month and flew at a speed of five hundred miles per hour , thirty - eight thousand feet above the country , he and his staff monitored the returns from the twelve states participating in big super tuesday .
her third area of ` ` focus '' was taking the pulse of the country .
first class over the ocean , far away from this country .
you have to be prepared to leave the country . ''
it would be sad if the rest of the country now made the same mistake . ''
in three months he 'd taken the country by storm and become very famous .
if he used it to enter another country , us .
right now , half the country is trying to call him .
` ` if it 'll make matters easier , these gentlemen will agree to leave the country for at least two years . ''
` ` if they leave the country , where will they go ? ''
` ` you will agree to leave the country immediately , and not to return for at least two years . ''
` ` how can we leave the country ? ''
he feels very strongly that you have more to offer your country and your communities by once again becoming productive citizens . ''
this fool did n't know they were about to assume new names and flee their country and their communities for at least two years ?
the unit had discovered the brethren , plucked them from inside trumble , brought them to the beach , and now they just wanted them to leave the country .
the people in washington really want you out of the country . ''
they had moved from country to country , from greece to sweden , from poland to portugal , slowly heading south as the weather changed .
they had moved from country to country , from greece to sweden , from poland to portugal , slowly heading south as the weather changed .
after the bombing , he fled the country and hid in northern ireland for six years .
and they were outnumbered two to one by reporters and photographers from all over the country .
they have n't talked , but the kid 's brilliant and he 's probably in another country by now .
for one brief but terrible moment , sam cayhall will be the most talked about man in the country .
i ' m probably the only fifty - year - old white woman in the country whose father is on death row .
but here i am , a convicted killer , condemned to die , not a penny to my name , and i ' ve got lawyers all over the country begging to represent me .
not a bad operation for this part of the country .
nugent was fifty - two , had served his country for thirty - four years , first as a buck private in korea and later as a captain of some variety in vietnam , where he fought the war from behind a desk .
he spoke fluent german and spent at least one month a year in that great country .
i fled the country and would ' ve never returned to this miserable place .
he roamed the country as a professional testifier , able to say this today and that tomorrow , depending on who had the deepest pockets .
goodman knew dozens of people around the country who would gladly come to jackson on a moment 's notice to testify on sam 's behalf .
because of his crisp accent , goodman assumed the role of the outsider , sort of a traveling death penalty abolitionist who bounced in from all over the country with a dazzling array of ethnic aliases and strange locales .
this court knows that this witness has testified in many trials around the country .
muncie is out of the country , according to his lawyer , and of course he has no idea when he will return .
` ` and you ' ve got some obscure suspect unknown to the rest of the country . ''
the killers were professionals , and they were probably out of the country within hours .
in the past three years , he 's been seen little in this country .
do you realize that nine of every ten white men in this country voted for me ? ''
if she survived , she would then leave the country , go maybe to the caribbean .
now was the time to leave the country .
i was afraid you had skipped the country . ''
i ' m safe here , and i 'll be much safer when i get on a plane and leave the country . ''
she 's debating right now about whether to jump on a plane and leave the country , and one mistake by us and she 's gone . ''
i ' m convinced i 'll live longer the sooner i get out of the country . ''
he could have worked for any law firm in the country , but he took a job with an environmental defense outfit in san francisco .
once she leaves the country , i have permission to do anything with the brief except use her name as a source .
they knew this would happen , especially if she planned to leave the country and was afraid to use plastic .
` ` i ' ve been out of the country .
and more dead bodies , and they ' ve chased her all over the country .
over four hundred agents from twenty - seven offices have taken part in the investigation , logging over eleven thousand hours , interviewing over six hundred people , and going to five foreign countries .
` ` i want to leave the country , but when i do , i want to make damned sure no one follows .
your brains and guts are bringing down one of the sickest men in this country .
based on their limited knowledge , mr . mattiece no longer lived in this country .
of course that 's a closed part of the country , so there was no press coverage , no attention drawn to it . ''
malone recalled the bible and said , ` ` the lord had said to abram : leave your country , your people and your father 's household and go to the land i will show you .
` ` each room 's a different time and country . ''
belem eventually flourished thanks to the riches - mainly spices - that poured into the country from the new world .
many of the country 's greatest figures , including its kings and queens , were entombed there .
he notes that the name judea was first applied to palestine during greek rule , the greek word for a jewish country being ioudaia .
this country will be worked into a frenzy . ''
but danny daniels is a weak , inept man who does n't know what 's best for this country .
just like with green , though , the country wo n't benefit from that kind of scandal .
mantle was idolized by kids throughout the country , but in oklahoma he was godlike .
the country was still hungover from the 1960s .
cocaine was roaring through the country and widely available in the clubs in tulsa .
as an epilogue to his decision granting a new trial he said , ` ` god help us , if ever in this great country we turn our heads while those who have not had fair trials are executed .
he discovered the federal digests and took notes on thousands of cases from throughout the country .
god help us , if ever in this great country we turn our heads while people who have not had fair trials are executed .
there was a men 's bible - study group called light for the lost that raised money for mission trips to poor countries .
* * * three years earlier , taryn simon , a noted photographer , traveled the country profiling exonerees for a book she planned to publish .
if a country 's economy is good , and its people are happy , a leader can maintain an army without using it . ''
he claims he 's been jailed in one place or another in china since 1949 , when the communists beat chiang and took over the country .
despite the aura of freewheeling capitalism that had enlarged the city , shanghai was in china , china was still a communist country , and dr . liang appeared to be a great deal more influential than he had let anyone at the taiwan conference see .
after the communists captured the country in 1949 , they moved into the vast complex and refurbished and remodeled the pagoda - roofed buildings .
and then he invited himself into our country . ''
his patients were among the country 's elite , and if he failed to find the antibiotics , tranquilizers , antidepressants , and all the other sophisticated western pharmaceuticals they demanded , they would go somewhere else ... or worse .
we 're taking back our country , of course .
it sounded logical , and it gave smith enough to report to fred klein as soon as he could get out of the country .
the teams i sent covered only the main entrances of his hotel , assuming he was a stranger in our country , unfamiliar with the city , and therefore an idiot .
` ` if smith did get it , he will attempt to leave the country . ''
ever seeing this country again .
with the constant movement between countries and continents these days , who knows where the virus will strike next ?
from then on , he had not only walked with a limp , he had abandoned all fear and dedicated his life to freeing his country .
` ` therefore ... people in our country cnot our security forcescare willing to go to extremes to stop the americans in their quest , whatever that quest is .
` ` now tell me how colonel smith evaded you a second time , without speaking our language or having been in china before , and then escaped the country ... after his interpreter was killed ? ''
within the country or abroad . ''
instead , he was thinking about the millions across the country innocently going about their business who , if the new situation leaked , would hear about a possible war with china .
not an undercover battle against terrorists or a small conflict in a small country where fewer americans would die fighting than died in traffic accidents on a holiday weekend .
he had never been at ease ordering people to risk their lives for their country , as much as he knew that was what they expected to do , what they had signed up to do , what he had done when it was his turn long ago .
for all i care , the rest of your benighted country is a desert . ''
he told her a few carefully selected anecdotes about the altman group and learned in return that imperial was a wholesaler with clients in major cities across america and branches in most countries .
` ` yes , and under him , other peasants ran the country .
my people there will help you get david thayer out of the country . ''
in your country or in mine .
trust me , the finest this country has to offer is on the case . ''
though joe li did his work with professional dispatch and dispassion , his personal loyalty to his country and to chao himself was beyond question .
an old story in this country .
the square 's walkways were perfectly cleared of snow - several straight paths intersecting with a central circle , where a statue of one sir john a. macdonald , the country 's first prime minister , looked out .
to some , he was a patriot , a man whose loyalty was to his country , rather than the almighty dollar .
` ` i ' m leaving the country tomorrow , '' he explained .
he had studied nuclear physics at the ecole polytechnique , the most elite scientific university in this most elitist of countries , and gone on to work at a nuclear research lab at cern , the european nuclear research center in geneva .
just as if you knew nothing more about a person except that he or she lived on this planet today , and you were asked to guess the person 's country of origin , you should guess that the person is chinese .
you 'd be wrong less often than if you named any other country of origin , simply because china is the world 's most populous nation . ''
all we can infer , logically , is that there exists at least one cow in this country , at least one side of which is brown . ' ''
` ` i hate this country .
the capitals were in white , the country names in dark brown , except for the overlapping letter .
we were an occupied country , the enemy among us constantly searching for those who secretly , violently , opposed the victors , in many cases torturing and imprisoning whole families who were suspect . ''
they ' ve been sent everywhere , mostly throughout germany , but those gifted in foreign languages and with appropriate skills , to other countries , all financed , ready to take their places in carefully selected professions and occupations . ''
it became a nation paralyzed by fear , thousands upon thousands tainted with the soviet brush , whole industries caving in to the paranoia , the country weakened from within .
` ` an influential army behind the briiderschaft , powerful men and women in each of our countries who either for greed or warped beliefs support the ncos .
` ` we once said that about the communists , and the reputed communists , and the vast majority in our own country proved to be nothing of the sort . ''
` ` my brother brought out a list of names , how many i do n't know , of neo sympathizers here in france , the u.k . '' and in my own country .
in the scandinavian countries , too , the protests grow more violent , say nothing of the netherlands - the most peaceful of people , where the right and the left clash incessantly . ''
men and women who loathe the ncos more than any of us do - they see their country being soiled by the socalled inheritors of the third reich . ''
` ` so are about twenty or twenty - five others in this country alone , and when you consider their staffs and associates , well over a couple of hundred in high places .
forgotten , or , to be less charitable , purposefully overlooked , were the years he had spent , twelve to fifteen hours a day , turning an only marginally profitable family company into one of the most successful electronics firms in the country .
the washington post quiet investigations alarming hill fbi agents roaming around asking questions washington , d.c . '' friday the post has learned that agents of the federal bureau of investigation have been traveling across the country seeking information about prominent figures of the senate and the house of representatives , as well as members of the administration .
he recalled the ` ` mass hysteria of the mccarthy years , when decent men and women were ruined by innuendo and baseless guilt by association , '' ending his essay by saying he was ` ` a grateful guest in this magnificent country '' -wagner is canadianbut would grab the next plane back to toronto should he and his family ` ` be pilloried . ''
i ' m the son of a diplomat and grew up in five different countries .
i have people in germany , as i do in most countries .
tomorrow they could be republicans and democrats in my country who ca n't stomach their bilge .
` ` in this country we regard the taking of a life very seriously .
within ten years , with scores of operations behind him , he was considered one of the leading cranial surgeons in the country , if not the free world .
` ` because i ' ve lived in this country for fifty - two years .
it could be the remedy for the madness that 's infected this country , the u.k . '' and france - and god knows where else . ''
` ` i think you can serve yourself and your country in a better way , '' said sorenson .
` ` cities , probably countries , as well - destinations they the substitutes . ''
` ` you want a country and its government - that 's okay with me , i could n't care less .
` ` someone who , believe it or not is fighting france 's battle as much as i am my own country 's .
courtland 's to be ordered to the quai d'orsay in the morning to take the whacks for you ; you 're being declared persona non grata and thrown out of the country ; a formal protest is being lodged against me by a foreign government , and you tell me to be calm ? ''
` ` with a married woman whose husband is out of the country .
they were middle - level henchmen without whom ' the nazis could n't control the occupied country .
same as in our country .
this country 's going to hell in a handbasket .
the climate here and across the country is poisonous ; it could get worse than the mccarthy period .
and zero in on the non - germans first ; do n't let them leave the country . ''
of the thirty - six men who roared sieg heil , gunter jdger , seventeen were german , seven american , four british , and five french ; three were unidentified and presumably had already boarded flights out of the country .
in the brick water towers of washington , the operations and security systems were manned by experts of the army corps of engineers , the most experienced personnel flown in from all over the country .
the general , with the help of hans traupman , scoured the country for talented but discontented men , placed them in distressed economic districts , fed them ' solutions , '' and funded their campaigns beyond anything their opponents could match .
in less than an hour i 'll be on a jet to a country that applauds my work , our work , and watch as my disciples throughout the western world move into positions of power . ''
also , jacques is an intelligence expert ; he knows the multiple barriers he must surmount to leave the country .
` ` are you suggesting that we take action ourselves , american embassy personnel in a foreign country ?
of the intelligence agencies of france , england , germany , and the united states , under the tinstructions of their civilian leaders , moved swiftly , silently , and finally efficiently throughout their countries , for they had the truth , not speculation .
` ` smoking dope and screaming curses while braveyoung men answered their country 's call . ' ''
in the aftermath of all wars , asubjugated national police force is required in anoccupied country for reasons ranging from thesimple language problem to the occupying power'sneed to understand local customs and traditions.there must be a buffer between the occupationtroops and a vanquished people so as to maintainorder .
it wasa shock and i ' m a fellow american and you 're in aforeign country .
` ` you 'd be surprised what a set of military paperswill do for a person in this country .
if only the poles and the czechs , the hungariansand the romanies , as well as the haughty germansand the impossible russians , had not immigrated tohis country by such tens of thousands .
thesabres carved a land out of a primitive palestine ; their history parallels his country 's , and both mentake pride in their strength and respectiveaccomplishments .
hewas n't around to know delavane was fair game forevery antiwar group in the country .
jan van headmer : ` ` my own country , sir , is theliving embodiment of the lesson .
i can kill the three of youand be out of the country in an hour , leaving thepolice to look for a mr . parnell who does n't exist . ''
he has n't left the country and interpolhas a warrant for him ; they 're searching everywhere.word reached him to turn himself in to theamerican embassy but he refused .
insteadthe banker would wire the american express traveloffices in the four cities to hold for a period ofthree months a message for who , mr . converse ? itshould be a name meaningful to you but not to others.it will be your code , no other idenfff cation neces - sary as with certain telephone banking facilities inyour own country ... . make it charpentier .
there 's not acourt in any civilised country that would admit thatkind of testimony or permit a jury to hear t. ` ` men have been killed , '' said johann , again hiswords whispered .
but i ' ve seen them , talked to them , andthey 're so goddamned logical , so bucking persuasive , they 'll turn all europe fascist ; they 'll set up amilitary federation with my country the progenitor.because it started in my country , it started in sanfrancisco with a man named delavane . ''
but i ' ve seen them , talked to them , andthey 're so goddamned logical , so bucking persuasive , they 'll turn all europe fascist ; they 'll set up amilitary federation with my country the progenitor.because it started in my country , it started in sanfrancisco with a man named delavane . ''
somewhere converse had read or heard that inthe northern countries people going on summervacations or on holiday , as was theterm gravitated to the last cars in thetrans - europe - express .
` ` i am only a major at the garrison at zaragoza.i make my reports on the basque provisionals , andread my books what do i know of such things ? whatever it is , it would not reachzaragoza barbarous country , but i would wearcorporal 's stripes to return to it . ''
i spent mynovitiate in the mother country as opposed to thefatherland you understand the difference ingender , of course .
there is an oddphrase you have in your country that so readily ap - plies to you , a phrase our associate uses frequently.you are a ' shit - kicker , ' herr converse , nothing moreand probably less . ''
` ` it 's from a country that does n't exist anymore , '' she replied .
` ` during the apartheid era , the country became a haven for smugglers , mostly by necessity . ''
to me , it was like hearing about another country . ''
the amhara people made up 30 percent of the country 's population .
it was , like all the churches in the country , part of the ethiopian orthodox tewahedo church .
fadi , my friend , we live with the christian occupation of our countries , the threat to our way of life .
so , a hot , mountainous country .
on it was listed the conglomerate 's personnel , including its randd staff , far - flung over a dozen countries .
in a nearby town , east germans were busy preparing key members of the saudi communist party and the bahrain liberation front for destabilizing activities , including the manipulation of the mass media for the purpose of spreading the groups ' ideologies into every corner of their respective countries , thus undermining the spiritual lives of their peoples .
an american expat , with passports identifying him as a citizen of three different countries .
there was in feyd al - saoud 's brave heart a rising conviction that one day - not soon , perhaps not even in his lifetime - the war against the tribespeople intent on setting the world on fire in order to destroy his country would be won .
and as he journeyed through this unknown country he asked himself this question : the joint nsa - dhs forensics team arrived in cairo and , to the consternation of everyone except soraya , was met at the airport by an elite contingent of al mokhabarat , the national secret police .
' admit it , you were in my country passing secrets '' ' i admit nothing . '
' like all americans , my mother took for granted everything her country had to offer .
the country was a bureaucratic nightmare ; nothing got done , not a single answer was forthcoming until at least fifteen people in seven different divisions were consulted and agreed on it .
nagorno - karabakh was in the west of azerbaijan , a hotly contested area of the country ever since joseph stalin tried to ethnically cleanse this part of the former soviet union of armenians .
as for what 's good for the country , they have n't got a clue . '
what might have worked in another part of the country was out of the question in nizhny tagil , where the cops were so corrupt it was often impossible to distinguish them from the city 's criminals .
now his aguardiente bancorp , named after the fiery local licorice - flavored liquor of his native country , had more than twenty branches , the last one opening five months before in london where , increasingly , all the international action was .
for years now he had used his knowledge of the middle east in the service of a destructive force against those who wished his country harm .
arkadin listened to them as if they were news reports from a distant country to which he longed to travel .
' as the head of al mokhabarat , i was obliged to tell a superior i was leaving the country , if only temporarily .
the country 's regime was a menace ; if the rest of the world needed a bit of goading to get off their fat backsides and take matters into their own hands , well , that was the way of the world .
the director , she was told , was out of the country .
he instilled this quirky independence in young martin , along with the sense of duty to his country , and lindros believed it was these qualities that had caught the attention of the dci .
you have done much to alleviate the level of suffering in my country .
i can not remember or list the number of times he put his reputation - his very life - on the line for this organization , for his country .
if it was khan , he 'd want to get out of the country as quickly as possible , so he headed to - ward the international arrivals building .
` ` he 's fled the country ? '
` ` fled the country ? ''
he had entered the country as pierre montefort , french military courier , and had therefore been given only the most cursory inspection by hungarian immigration .
it was one of the few places in the country where the moon , the stars and the planets were kept under constant observation .
` ` that day i escaped , but six months later , in another city in another country a molotov cocktail was thrown at me from a passing car . ''
no , you coward , you fled the country instead . ''
he could no longer remember how long he 'd been here in this godforsaken country or when he 'd last had a decent night 's sleep .
its highest peak , hvannadalshmikur , rises to 2.119 meters and over 11 percent of the country is covered by glaciers , including vatnajokull , the largest in europe .
though typhon was no longer hers , the same could not be said for the people she had hired , trained , and mentored for the highly specialized jobs monitoring and infiltrating the various sunni and shi'a cadres , insurgent groups , jihadists , and extreme splinter politicos in virtually every country in the middle and far east .
the screen changed to a map of the middle east that quickly zoomed in on modern - day syria , and then , zooming in farther , a specific section of the country .
mexico was a big country , but she guessed arkadin might be somewhere within a hundred - mile radius of the airport .
the country is n't in the hands of the government , no , no , no .
there was nothing at all to mark their transition from one country to another .
a sudden crack of thunder came to her , but it sounded far away , streaking through the sky of another country .
karpov went into a form of meditation he used to pass time during the many lonely vigils he 'd had to endure over the years in more foreign countries than he cared to count .
` ` no one we know or who 'd recognize us would come within a country mile of this cesspit , '' willard said .
you want me to authorize the use of a rogue agent - a man who 's unstable at best , who many powerful people in this organization feel is dangerous to ci in particular - for a mission that could have dire consequences for this country , for the continuation of ci as you and i know it ? ''
nevertheless , the freer was the preeminent museum of its kind in the country , and soraya loved it not only for the depth of art it housed but also for the elegant lines of the palazzo itself .
four years later prowess 's mother was compromised , and mi6 spirited them out of the country .
like so many other complexes in this part of the world , it served as temporary housing for the thousands of federal government workers , including spooks of all stripes , who were often on assignment overseas or in other parts of the country .
if you were a man in his twenties in these countries in 1947 it meant that you 'd survived one of the greatest male bloodbaths in human history .
he did it for god and country .
to further his country 's cause he would scratch anyone 's back - if they , in turn , scratched his .
` ` if you hate your country so much , '' bourne said , ` ` why do n't you leave ? ''
the room had the appearance of an attic or a garret , windowless , its walls like a time machine , plastered with photos of drew davis with martin luther king , nelson mandela , four different american presidents , a host of hollywood stars , and various un dignitaries and ambassadors from virtually every country in africa .
` ` i came to munich because a friend of mine - a mentor , really - asked me to go after the black legion , first because they 're planning an attack against my country , and second because their leader , semion icoupov , ordered his son , pyotr , killed . ''
` ` i want to help you stop his people from attacking your country , is that clear enough ? ''
` ` why attack the country you 'd adopted as your own . ''
if the tanks went , the devastation to both human life and the country 's economy would be catastrophic .
sheng chou yang is a traitor to his country , and when his treachery is exposed - as it surely will be - peking will hold the free world responsible .
for years they bled their country without conscience , profiting from the labours of a starving , disenfranchized people , paving the way for mao 's revolution .
now\ ' that was in another country , david .
' as they say in your country , it goes with the territory . '
we ' ve developed a high technology industry here in hong kong , ask anyone in the electronics business in your country .
as with people in any foreign country , but especially in the orient , the fact that a courteous american had gone to the trouble of making himself understood in their language was decidedly beneficial .
i refer you to the recent proclamations of your new country -new as a wife , of course . '
apart from minor problems , our two countries live next door to each other and basically like each other - we 're on the same side .
' she was clearly referring to what had happened to them in paris , and that meant reaching an official of her own government , her own country .
' in a country where any ten people opposed to the official line are afraid to be seen together , what better place than a nature reserve that usually stretches for miles ?
to be held for questioning by the police in a foreign country was frightening for anyone , but it became terrifying when an incomprehensible language and radically different faces were added to the knowledge that the prisoner was in a country where people frequently disappeared without explanation .
to be held for questioning by the police in a foreign country was frightening for anyone , but it became terrifying when an incomprehensible language and radically different faces were added to the knowledge that the prisoner was in a country where people frequently disappeared without explanation .
they own banks- indirectly , of course - throughout california , oregon , the state of washington , and up into my country , in british columbia .
a huge , immensely populated country with vast resources - my god , if organized crime moved in , and with a billion people inside its borders , do n't think for a minute the overlords are n't champing at the bit - it could become a nation of triads .
we also suspect that because of his past activities he left the country with an illegal passport- ' ' therapy ... ?
and since i ca n't do what these men can do , i have to do what 's best for them and for the country .
' because i wo n't put my government , my country , in that kind of compromised position .
` ` a man 's out there with a wife and two children , a man this country and a large part of the world owe more to than anyone could ever repay , and he 's running , hiding , frightened out of his mind that he and his family are targets .
only days later , morris panov , one of the leading psychiatrists in the country , a doctor who ca n't stand the chicken - shit psychobabble so popular these days , was presented with a ` hypothetical ' psychiatric profile that required his immediate reaction .
` ` we are again to tell you that it has a great - sized lobby with always many people , and its name refers to this country 's past . ''
get out of the country .
each of them had been extensively examined with respect to authentic credentials and fully substantiated business or personal reasons for entering the country .
entirely possible , but considering the number of international airports in the country , including the most frequented -- new york , chicago , los angeles , miami -- the coincidence of philadelphia seemed unlikely .
cactus , however , using complex mock - ups of government permits had sprung both young adults out of the country along with bank transfers honored in lisbon .
as an army colonel once said to him , ` ` it 's work now and get paid later , '' and god knew that one steven desole worked like hell for his country , but his country hardly reciprocated in kind .
as an army colonel once said to him , ` ` it 's work now and get paid later , '' and god knew that one steven desole worked like hell for his country , but his country hardly reciprocated in kind .
profits , after all , were more desirable than bombs ... and his grandchildren would go to the finest schools and universities in the country .
` ` no wonder the country 's up shit 's creek . ''
i was an angry young man who really believed this country was being dumped on .
they control much of american industry , as well as that country 's financial institutions , and have direct access to the nerve centers of the government . ''
in my country , you kill a cop , it does n't go off the books .
dozens of square miles cut out of the forests along the volkhov river , dotted with settlements so that you 'd swear you were in a different country with each one you entered -- if you could get inside , which you could n't .
` ` that 's no crime in this country .
somehow -- and we do n't know how -- ogilvie was tipped off and got out of the country .
the suite , like the lobby , belonged to another time , another era , indeed another country , marred only by the faded fabrics and the less than perfect restoration of the original moldings .
the american compound , presumably like those of the different countries , was broken up into sections , built on areas anywhere from two to five acres , each distinctly separate from the others .
` ` greece , portugal , spain , france , the uk -- '' he rounded the corner as benjamin interrupted , leaning wearily back in a chair : ` ` germany , the netherlands , and the scandinavian countries .
` ` how long will it take to get him out of the country ? ''
` ` fleeing the country . ''
if you pardon mr . backman , and if he accepts the pardon , then we will have him oat of the country in a matter of hours .
we 'll relocate him to a foreign country , probably in europe where he 'll be easier to watch .
in return for a full pardon , you must agree to leave the country , never return , and live with a new identity in a place where no one can find you . ''
the backman story , sensational as it was , now had serious competition from not only the kidnapped danish tourists but also the country 's largest tax cheater .
why had he been whisked away from prison , then out of the country ?
his italian father was a diplomat who took his american wife and their two children around the world in sendee to his country .
why a country where i can not speak the language ?
my country is larger than all of europe combined .
in exactly ten months i was supposed to return to the same hotel to meet a friend who would take me out of the country . ''
who else could sneak him out of the country in the middle of the night ?
as vast sections of the country were eliminated , marco was beginning to think of california .
ermanno 's guidebook gave the population of milano at four million ; an important city , the unofficial capital of northern italy , the country 's center for finance , fashion , publishing , and industry .
a professional would ' ve split the money eight ways and parked it in several different banks in different countries , and the wires would ' ve been months apart .
he had already decided his father was out of the country , otherwise he would ' ve made contact weeks earlier .
we literally yanked him out of his cell in the middle of the night , made him sign some papers , then shipped him out of the country before sunrise . ''
peasants willing to die for their country and their beliefs .
he 'd turned his back on his country .
a grammatical mistake prompted a quick reprimand , as if he 'd just insulted the entire country .
they were a diverse group : a doctor in egypt whose patients included most of the country 's ruling elite ; a computer entrepreneur in new delhi who provided his skills and equipment to his government ; a banker in malaysia adept at moving , hiding , or ferreting out offshore funds anywhere in the world .
by the time the parties were ready to return to their respective countries , the two men had forged a friendship based on mutual respect and trust .
` ` are you saying that someone is bringing a russian bioweapon into this country ? ''
if that 's the case , and the object is not only to create a mutant strain but to disperse it in this country , then we 're defenseless .
except that richardson detested virtually everyone who had n't bled for his country .
most time it 's hard to know who 's running that damned country -- - the politicians or the mafiya .
but he did it because he loved his country .
if you want something delivered or spirited out of the country , he 's the man who 'll guarantee it gets done . ''
` ` to spirit the smallpox out of the country , '' smith said slowly .
beria knew that by now his photograph and particulars had been wired to every major transportation facility in the country .
beria has a couple of problems : he does n't speak english well , and he 's never been in this country , much less in this specific area .
` ` are you suggesting that someone in this country could have orchestrated the theft in russia ? ''
we 're certain that treloar carried the stuff into this country .
there are no tourists left , and jakarta has banned foreign media from the country .
if anyone tried to trace the call , they 'd find themselves zipping from one cutout to another all over the country .
` ` howell lives in this country , sir .
i think howell would go active if smith asked him to , but he would do so only outside the country .
klein had told her about the theft from bioaparat and how treloar had helped smuggle the russian smallpox sample into the country .
he caught a few stares ; after all , at this moment he was perhaps the most famous murder defendant in the country .
the second lawyer hired by barry the blade muldanno to defend him on these obnoxious murder charges was another angry hatchet man by the name of willis upchurch , a rising star among the gang of boisterous mouthpieces trotting across the country performing for crooks and cameras .
he had become somewhat rich and noted in chicago for his passionate defense of mob assassins and drug traffickers , and in the past decade or so had been called in by mob brass around the country for all sorts of representation .
` ` both her parents were born in italy and immigrated to this country in 1902 .
` ` it 's a private one , not a charity outfit like st . peter 's , and it 's one of the best in the country .
` ` out of the country ? ''
' your own country : conceivably the vice - president of the united states or someone in his office and , certainly , unknown members of the senate and the president 's cabinet .
' to tell you the truth , mr mcauliff , there 's a certain ego fulfillment in returning to one 's country as an expert under the aegis of the royal historical society .
' you have contacts ; you ' ve memorized eighteen , twenty names - ' ' in the north country , not kingston !
there were no records ; the subjects were in the country illegally .
uniforms all look alike when you 're out of your own country . '
old tuck was always looking for the unusual - generally associated with the customs and life styles of whatever country he was in .
alex knew the connection was far - fetched , coincidental at best in a black country , but it was all he had to go on .
i ' ve got to get out of here and back to non - extradition country . '
' but what is of the greatest importance is that you understand that we have scores ... hundreds of guardians - halfway houses - throughout the countries of the world .
i do n't think there 's a country i have n't been to . ''
he had been in most countries in the world , and he had seen a lot of birds .
h amp ; k was a german outfit and germany was a nato country , last time i checked .
` ` for the end of the communist occupation of my country .
the whole country had been smashed to powdered rubble by a juggernaut .
france was a relatively small country with a very big city in it .
they fell out of the sky , literally , all over the low countries , dozens of them every moonless night .
did he have guys standing by at every airport in the country all day and all night ?
at sixty - one , he was the grandfather of the firm and spent most of his time administering and balancing the enormous egos of some of the richest lawyers in the country .
except for the three - day weekend they referred to as a honeymoon , and an occasional drive through new england , he had never participated in a vacation and had never left the country .
he was a five - year member of the firm and the only virginia man , which he found odd because virginia had the best law school in the country , in his opinion .
keeps about a hundred million under contract , all over the country .
there were no nieces or nephews , except for maybe a few unknown ones ray had scattered around the country .
and when that happens , all of you honorable esquires will take your early retirement and leave the country . ''
` ` i 'll need some help on the outside , and enough money to get me out of the country .
mitch sat by the window and tried to conceal the excitement of his first trip out of the country .
you can build a case from the inside that will collapse and break up one of the largest crime families in the country .
you can live anywhere in the country , with a new identity , of course .
but i would n't want to stay in this country .
i 'll feel safer in another country , but i wo n't tell tarrance . ''
our first trip out of the country , our first real honeymoon , and you 're asleep ten minutes after we hit land . ''
wonderful people , these caymanians , but they wo n't allow you in their country unless you ' ve already purchased a ticket to get out.please come and spend your money , then leave .
` ` she knows that in the last three years the morolto gang and its accomplices have taken over eight hundred million bucks in cash out of this country and deposited it in various banks in the caribbean .
she knows that the moroltos control at least three hundred and fifty companies chartered in the caymans , and that these companies regularly send clean money back into the country .
` ` she knows how they take their dirty cash , trade it up to one - hundred - dollar bills and sneak it out of the country . ''
does n't sound like much money , but you get three hundred people making twenty trips a year , and that 's some serious cash walking out of the country .
he 'll be out of the country within twelve hours , and he 'll go find the million buck 's . ''
` ` yes , tarrance , the documents are in this country .
eddie said he was the best documents man in the country . ''
i need to get out of the country . ''
we 'll be leaving the country for a few days .
if we make it safely out of the country , you 'll be notified in a week or so .
obviously he has to get out of the country .
the partners had been called home from airports around the country , and by midmorning they were walking the beach and inspecting pools and hotel lobbies .
is he still in the country ? ''
with dope pouring in by land , air and sea , u.s . customs cares little about what 's leaving the country .
he was australian by birth , but twenty - eight years earlier had fled his country after the largest bank heist in its history .
now three cases in a single day had died with identical symptoms , each in a different part of the country -- - the major in california , a teenage girl in georgia , and a homeless man in massachusetts .
out of the country .
he knew such modern blasphemies occurred in his own country as well as many .
he had been posted to a hospital ship in the minor invasion to bring order and protect our citizens in a country torn apart by the war raging between two warlords who had divided mogadishu and the country .
he had been posted to a hospital ship in the minor invasion to bring order and protect our citizens in a country torn apart by the war raging between two warlords who had divided mogadishu and the country .
betray their country .
country by country .
` ` well ... '' she reeled off a list of bases that covered the country from kentucky to california .
modoc country !
victor tremont was one of the few heathens in this godless country he respected , and tremont was right .
` ` pakistan , india , any country weaker than the west . ''
if anyone could get him into that brutalized country , it was peter .
that locked - down country did not expect him , and they did not have the technological wizardry of the u.s . government .
here in my country , every illness is a death threat now .
her heart went out to them and this tragic country .
nor could she try to save her country if she was consigned to the notorious justice detention center .
besides , the way things are in this country , people will turn on you in the hope of gaining a little favor with the police . ''
in this country ?
she has been told smith is a grave danger to the country .
a sect , a country , a people ?
two had died ; one was out of the country ; the fourth told him quite frankly that the climate was not right for an omani to meet with an american .
after school in england , he completed his studies in your country .
' how many john smiths are there in your country , ya shaikh ' ' so ? '
' not in a goddamned country going up in flames fuelled by nigger barbarians !
but for whom was the profoundly clever macdonald playing out his charade , a cover that gave him access to an efficient omani network of informers and drivers of powerful vehicles at any hour of the day and night in this besieged country where every foreigner was put under a microscope ?
the vehicle was a japanese version of a land - rover without the amenities and sufficiently bashed and scraped to be unobtrusive in an arab country where speed was a relative abstraction and collisions frequent .
' he 's an agent of the mossad in a foreign country and must maintain his cover . '
' now for christ 's sake , bear in mind that we 're dealing with a people who run an archipelago , not a land mass bordering another land mass that both sides conveniently call a country .
' if he 's an immigrant , his country of origin is listed there . '
' i wo n't answer that except to give you my word that the person is thousands of miles away without the negatives and no chance of returning to this country .
' someone devoted to his adopted country , but i ' m not important .
i ' ve been away from this country for many years , and maybe you have to get away to understand what we ' ve got - if only to compare it with what others have n't got .
names , a country , a city ... a date - of severance , you called it .
' it 's also all over the country - ' the sound of one , then two cars screeching to a stop in front of the house broke through the silence of the enclosed garage .
while kendrick held the door , kashi made rapid second and third trips back to the vehicle , for along with the pile of newspapers from all over the country she brought food .
the timing was chosen to startle the nation as it woke up across the country , bulletins mandatory throughout the day .
by omission - by silence - the american media had condemned the entire country of oman , leaving to insidious speculation its arab impotence in the face of terrorists , or worse , its arab complicity in the wanton , savage killing of american citizens .
who are these intelligence agents of yours running around my country ?
he 's moved this country in the right direction by the sheer force of his will , his personality ' , if you like .
that 's my price , take it or take me replaying the foxley show all over the country , calling you and your crowd exactly what i honestly think you are .
' personally , of course , i have never been involved with illegal immigrants crossing the borders from my beloved country to the south , but the stories reach even such innocents as myself ... we know what to look for , my friend .
one bright morning he was visited by two gentlemen from the government who convinced him that his country urgently needed his talents .
a man who wants to fade from washington , really fade , and not open a law office or a public relations firm or some other such gratuity for the government service he sought , does n't usually do battle with pentagon heavyweights in televised committee hearings , or go on a sunday network programme that reaches the broadest audience in the country , or hold a provocative personal press conference guaranteed to get wide exposure .
those mocked - up threats were the paranoid fantasies of a harmless lunatic i invented who supposedly fled the country .
how the hell did these people get into the country ?
weapons , ammunition , money , drivers ' licences and hired vehicles ; locations where they can hide and prepare themselves , even down to the most up - to - date clothing made in this country in case they 're arrested and interrogated .
' the franciscan retreat , an opportunity of a lifetime to visit your splendid country . '
they 're moving around from one end of the country to the other with weapons ; that 's no simple feat considering our security procedures ...
why do n't you know - why do n't we all know , why does n't the country know ? '
crazy people stand out - ' ' and if they 're alive they have to get out of the country , ' added sundstrom .
it was 7:35 pm , california time ; he had outraced every commercial flight across the country from washington , dc , maryland and virginia .
' and if they 're alive , they have to get out of the country .
someone wants to make you very important in this country , and someone else is having bowel movements over the prospect .
i mentioned ` ` patriotism '' , but by the way you speak , this may not be your country . '
' it is my country now , ' said the czech .
however , i come from a country whose government was stolen from the people , and made up my mind years ago what i would do with my life .
' i ca n't change what 's happened , i can only grieve for my errors of judgment and no one will grieve more , but i ask you to think of your country , my country now .
' i ca n't change what 's happened , i can only grieve for my errors of judgment and no one will grieve more , but i ask you to think of your country , my country now .
he 's unbuyable and he speaks his mind and the country is taken with him . '
' among my many deficiencies , ' said the czech , ' is a lack of knowledge of wines beyond those of my country . '
' congressman , has mr . weingrass been out of the country recently ? '
the country could do worse , mj . '
the horror of some uncontrollable force of evil seemed to loom on the horizon , edging the country towards the brink of wholesale confrontation , provoking the government to respond with equal horror and brutality .
he was to be publicly executed , but he got out of the country ...
' he came from a country whose government had been stolen from its people . '
' he 's considered the foremost technologist of computer science in the country , perhaps in the west .
it was the height of the great depression ; the country had come to a stop and violence ' was erupting everywhere .
instead , they huddled with their batteries of lawyers , and several had fled the country .
in washington , annie mulcahy o'reilly and the staff informed hundreds of callers that the representative from colorado was out of the country and not available for comment .
understand me clearly , i do n't care what people think of me or you or the house i ' m temporarily occupying , but i do care about the country , i care about it deeply .
he quite rightly believes that hamendi 's selling at least eighty per cent of all the firepower used in the middle east and southwest asia , destroying his beloved arab countries .
but that was n't you , they were n't you ... you earned it in this town because you said things that had to be said and the country heard you .
i believe that , and i believe all those bromides about america being the greatest , the strongest , the most benevolent country on the face of the earth .
and it was very much a point in his favor that he had flown numerous sorties in the fixed - wing rattletraps that were all his poor country could get its hands on .
finally , there was finn andressen , a norwegian and a former officer in his country 's armed forces , who had degrees in geology and had a well - honed instinct for terrain assessment .
in a poor country , the words of a plutocrat are dangerous things - implements of escape more formidable than any hacksaw .
a curator at the piraeus archaeological museum and a crusader for preservation programs , he was frequently quoted on the subject of repatriation , regularly urging that the elgin marbles be returned to the country from which they were taken .
it seems that by the time your old colleagues got word you 'd arrived in this country , they 'd lost your scent .
for the past couple of hours , he had considered and rejected a dozen other ways of leaving the country .
` ` words 1 always found strangely ironic , '' fielding said , ` ` coming from a man who , to the detriment of his country , was essentially incapable of self - doubt . ''
she 'd been a literary translator in the old country , became too closely associated with dissident writers , paid a visit to a cousin in new haven , and never returned .
in your country , four hundred thousand wire transfers every day , in and out .
second - largest bank in country .
by that point , however , he had fled the country , making his way first to canada and then to western europe .
and the country was not high on the foundation 's list of trouble spots .
a czech diplomat would be expected to speak english in a country like holland .
` ` of course , if you provide me with a tour d'horizon of your projects in our country , i would be able to make the case more effectively with my colleagues and associates .
now it drew vacationers and businessmen from all over the country .
common in your country , as he was just explaining .
confined largely to the shifting sands of the rub ' al - khali desert , mansur was a desperately poor country , with few exports other than khat and some paltry handicrafts .
it was a mistake for which this country would suffer so terribly .
` ` peter , novak - common names in our country , '' she said , shrugging .
again , you ' ve got to imagine a country where people have long memories , where reprisal is a byword , where whole families , including children and grandchildren , were killed or deported because they were on the wrong side .
` ` your country is so beautiful , '' jessie said .
` ` just close your eyes and think of your country . ''
on the other hand , it was a region where the width of the country was especially narrow .
now it styled itself the soft - shell capital of the world ; yet in 1812 , the one war in the country 's history where foreign troops were deployed on u.s . soil , it was the base of british operations .
` ` is n't this country the best ?
today , the terrain was some of the most beautiful in the country , and the less it bore the evidence of those who lived there , he reflected , the more beautiful it seemed .
zinsou had added a few hangings of traditional textiles from his native country of benin , for a slight flavor of individuality .
` ` in my country , we have a proverb .
` ` we ' ve got a customer , i guess she 's out of the country now , but her dsl line is on the fritz and she asked us to service it while she 's gone . ''
janson looked at kincaid : mrs . cameron was supposed to be out of the country .
on matters that did not concern koranic orthodoxy , the leadership of this spavined , desolate little country was easily impressed .
sterile seven is what the deputy director of the defense intelligence agency had called it : it was a safe house reserved by the mobius planners for their occasional use , one of ten around the country .
if novak were arriving in the country , how would he do so ?
an advisory had gone out to every airport , private and public , in the country .
the fact is , our guy might not be arriving from overseas - he might already be in the country .
this is a large , populous country with more than five hundred international airports .
placards were mounted on bars that ran along the curved tables , country names spelled out in white letters on black : along one side of an aisle , peru , mexico , india , el salvador , colombia , bolivia , others he could not make out in the dim light .
you love your country ?
and he did what he had never done in country .
a country you never fully left . ''
my god , you ' ve served your country with incredible loyalty . ''
he was one of the largest landowners in the country , mainly shopping malls and office buildings located in nearly every major city .
you can see the service we performed for this country . ''
they loved america , and at first this country gave them another chance .
` ` when lincoln died , '' his father said , ` ` the country fell into chaos .
he works only for god and country . ''
there was never an indictment , just an unofficial deal whereby jarrett quietly closed his office , surrendered his license to practice law , and left the country .
what if we divide the country ?
he converted four former greyhound buses into traveling clinics and raced all over the country screening potential clients .
he was n't even certain he could return to his country , though in six years he had never tried .
the country of georgia .
as he turned into the drive of the potomac country club , clay was hit hard by the moment .
because larkin had three factories it had slightly more than ten thousand people , a regular population center in the mining country .
not a hint of trouble anywhere in the country .
roger the dodger , because he went all over the country , fighting the biggest trial lawyers he could find , dodging big verdicts .
now she was going after some of the biggest and richest lawyers in the country , and she was not going to settle .
mitchell said they would not offer one cent for any maxatil case anywhere in the country .
later , he covered his sale and slipped out of the country with around $ 15 million .
he explained that the rest of the country , and primarily california , was toking like crazy .
gerald padgitt either fled the country or secluded himself somewhere on the island .
without being windy or preachy , i went on for four paragraphs extolling the importance of an energetic and inquisitive newspaper , not only for the country but for every small community as well .
he had the rustic look of someone who 'd never seen a car made in another country .
once excused , lydia had left the courtroom and was probably in the process of fleeing the country .
a similar gathering of people in any other part of the country would have turned into a virulent antiwar rally .
vietnam was divided into two countries when the french were defeated there in 1954 .
north vietnam is a poor country run by a communist named ho chi minh .
south vietnam is a poor country that was run by a brutal dictator named ngo dinh diem until he was murdered in a coup in 1963 .
with some vigilance and tough talk , the plague of illegal drugs could be diverted to another part of the country .
along with mcdonald 's and the fast - food joints that followed it around the country , bargain city was a national chain rapidly marching through the small towns of the south .
they drifted in from different parts of the country , mostly up north , coming in shifts at all hours of the day , with each new arrival greeted with great ceremony .
the sacrifices i make for queen and country , '' peter murmured with a quick wink at smith .
thanatos and its kin will fly to america , a country that is soulless , powerful , and corrupt .
there were only a few other guests , almost all of them from other european countries or from france itself .
you may hold me captive , but i have already struck a blow against your greedy , materialistic country that will live down through the centuries ! ''
my being allowed out of the country , albeit covertly , and guarded - that protection something less than complete once here .
there are good and decent men in moscow , more committed to their country than to their own fears and ambitions .
the matarese was responsible for the murders of general blackburn here and dimitri yurievich in my country . ''
1 , who have served my country well , was suddenly the enemy . ''
in my country there are a number of unexplained corpses ; you 're not so different over here .
it 's matarese country . ''
` ` can you get out of the country ? ''
he could not wait for scofield ; there was no guarantee that beowulf agate had even escaped from the net being spread for him in his own country , much less on his way to corsica .
to those men from whom i sought guidance , and i was a man of credentials in my country .
he composed five letters to five men known to be alive in five countries , inviting them to journey in secrecy to porto vecchio on matters of the utmost urgency , matters pertaining to their own personal histories .
i could not go back to the hills for surely i would be killed , yet to go elsewhere , to arrive at some strange place and simply be , was not possible for a young woman in this island country .
` ` did not a man in your own country call for you and tell you things he wanted you to know ? ''
in italy it 's the red brigades ; in germany , baader - mcinhof ; in lebanon , the plo ; in my country , the minutemen and the weathermen , the ku klux klan and the jdl and all the godamn fools who blew up banks and laboratories and embassies .
let 's say there 's a prince living in a sizeable country , a sheikdom , really , on the gulf .
one eagle is my country , the other taleniekov 's . ''
the finns , however , were not , nor had they ever lost their hatred of the soviet invaders who had lunged into their country in ' 39 .
i ' m looking in the wrong place - sorry , the right place , but the wrong country .
friedrich schotte was convicted by the german courts soon after the first world war for transferring money out of the country ; he was killed in prison the night he arrived .
odile was out of the country .
it was not the time to speak of conspiracy so massive and contradictory that it would be branded no more than the product of two terminated intelligence officers - both wanted for treason in their respective countries .
you ' ve collaborated with the enemy , killed a young man your superiors believe was a fellow intelligence officer in rock creek park , and fled the country .
he came to this country as a boy .
and charges leveled by a traitor were no charges at all ; they were merely words spoken by a man who had betrayed his country .
no more than twenty intelligence officers in the country had the codes for lisbon , and no man in washington ever refused a call from lisbon .
for it was revealed that on board the plane were three of the nation 's most distinguished men , killed in the ser- vice of their country while on an inspection tour of military installations .
he explained to vasili that they were spreading out everywhere , blackmailing high government officials , assuming extraordinary power throughout the free world and the eastern bloc countries . ''
our country , our whole system of government , would have become the laughingstock of the civilized world .
` ` and that julian guiderone , who left the country for switzerland to avoid fighting in the korean war , supposedly died in a skiing accident near the village of col du pillon , where he was buried because of his love for the alps ? ''
rockland farms , one of the country 's leading poultry producers and the largest in the eastern united states , has been purchased by atlantic crown , limited , worldwide distributors of produce with offices around the globe .
in a sense , it was a macrocosm of east and west , the numbers favoring the arab , as it was his country , his city .
` ` my brokerage house , with our recent alliances across the country , '' said the blond woman from california , ` ` has n't seen such expansion since the eighties .
what was shown was a limited history of the good life , deserved by a god - fearing man who was proud of his family , his community , his church , and his country .
` ` if you 're straight - arrow , and i ' m pretty well convinced you are , the bad guys had to get you out of the country before your momma joined this undercover operation , said operation probably the only truthful thing your kidnappers told you . ''
people talk and other people listen ; word spreads swiftly when a secret government operation is uncovered in a foreign country . ''
when one of the former executives who manned the matarese computers called to speak with meneer van der meer , he was told that the owner was out of the country on business .
` ` if you tried to reach van der meer , you 'd be told he 's out of the country on business . ''
` ` he 's got to have contacts who 'll hide him and get him out of the country . ''
` ` i may want to buy a new island , or maybe a small country . ''
i explained that my pension barely covered my needs , due to the fact that my reputation forced me to live incognito out of the country , so right before my eyes and ears , he called the agency and had them double it . ''
since this is their country , the white house wants to keep them feeling happy , but not give them any more than we absolutely have to , understand ?
arlington , virginia in a secret installation across the potomac river from the nation 's capital , the elite computer specialists of the fbi cyber team quickly determined the catastrophe to be the work of a hacker , country of origin still undetermined .
or had the french basques decided to unite with their brothers and sisters south of the border , spreading the terrorism into two countries , in the hope that by carving their new country from small areas of both , they would encourage the french , who would lose less , to force the spanish to make a deal ?
or had the french basques decided to unite with their brothers and sisters south of the border , spreading the terrorism into two countries , in the hope that by carving their new country from small areas of both , they would encourage the french , who would lose less , to force the spanish to make a deal ?
he thought bitterly of his own poor , starving country today , where the sands of the sahara were slowly smothering the life out of the land and the people .
` ` remind your own country of that , roland .
what was left over was called eastasiachina , india , central asia , and all the oriental countries .
` ` my nose for chicanery also tells me whitehall would not be averse to snatching the thingamajig for queen and country , eh , and my unofficial status could give deniability should the grab go wrong . ''
part arab , part berber , and with rage over the fate of his poor country and its starving people to add to his endemic muslim and third world rage about corporate globalization . ''
i 'd say there appears to be considerable urgency , and your country 's the most likely target . ''
militants from all parts of the muslim world : arabs from many countries , afghans , a fulani from northern nigeriahellip ; who knows who else .
real history chronicles a country 's soul , so that to not know the history is to not know the nation or the people .
` ` it 's our country , and we 're all in this together .
from what mauritania had said , the dna computer was going to reprogram an old soviet medium - range tactical nuclear missile and drop it on jerusalem , ` ` the heart of israel , '' erasing millions in that country as well as many others in neighboring nations , all arab countries , sacrificed for mauritania 's sick dreams .
today she was monitoring a missile - launch facility in north korea , a country that was not only considered a serious potential threat to the united states and its allies , but one that had made development of longer - range missiles a high priority .
maybe a leftover from desert storm , or acquired through some fellow terrorist whose day job was in the procurement division of some islamic country 's army .
it had turned off all surface - to - air radar so as not to allow back - tracing and had run dark , steaming straight north to put as much deniability as possible between it and the algerian coast before the certain uproar from the arab countries began .
i anticipate that he took precautions first , probably bouncing the signal around from country to country , from whatever phone number his modem is using .
i anticipate that he took precautions first , probably bouncing the signal around from country to country , from whatever phone number his modem is using .
what had alarmed mooreand , it turns out , bittrich , toowas that la porte hammered at the electronic and communications failures the american military was having and strongly suggested there 'd be more , proving that the american military could not defend even its own country . ''
a place where no one hates or murders anyone in the name of god , country , culture , race , sexual orientation , or anything else .
` ` the whole country ?
all communications in or out of the country have just been shut down there . ''
he had bought the print as a young man and kept it with him , a reminder of how great his country had once been .
the mexicans had allowed him to keep it while in the country .
france was already the most beautiful , the most fertile country .
` ` they destroyed my family and country , and tried to destroy my religion .
he wondered if those same people would pay money in their own countries to be taken on a tour of a mass murderer 's haunts .
it 's a big country . ''
this suspect had no money on him , and did n't even know what country he was in .
he had seen more of her country than she ; he 'd been to places she 'd never heard of .
it 's a big country .
` ` we hurried to brazil , and found three of the best private investigative firms in the country .
` ` was this the first evidence that he was actually in the country ? ''
as i said , it 's a big country . ''
how odd that she was driving along a foreign highway in a foreign country with a fake passport proclaiming her to be someone she never wanted to be , and going to a place that she had yet to determine .
why not visit her country ?
` ` according to our records , you entered the country eight days ago , here in miami , on a flight from london which originated in zurich .
go to the heart of the country , to the open spaces where the sky is clear and blue , the air is light , the land is beautiful , the people are gentle and uncomplicated .
i ' m danilo now , danilo silva , a much happier person with a quiet life in another country .
he gave up after a month , and traveled by bus across the country to ponta pora .
he could live in a country he loved , in a pleasant little town he adored .
` ` i 'll probably leave the country , '' i say .
why not get involved in the most notorious murder investigation in the country ?
i could not believe conditions so deplorable existed in this country , but i was naive .
` ` it 's a big country , mal , '' hitchcock replies .
he had the hottest case in the country and , like many u.s .
according to the guy on the phone , a real expert , there was an eighty - twenty chance the fake passport would clear customs in the event i tried to leave the country .
for trips outside the country , a private charter service must submit its passengers ' names and copies of their passports several hours before departure .
his first trip out of the country ? ''
it 's a violation of jamaican law to attempt to enter our country with a bogus passport , mr . coley .
i am assuming customs has by now notified the fbi that i left the country two days earlier , on a private jet bound for jamaica .
and , most important , how do we get the gold out of the country , and how long might it take ?
i have to get the gold out of the country .
getting the gold out of the country will require risks , but leaving it here could mean losing it .
i am out of the country and have no plans to return , ever .
the only thing that matters right now is a safe exit from the plane and a smooth entry into the country .
how did it get into this country ?
that 's not important now - the urgency is in getting the stuff out of this country .
for a young man who has lived on the fringes of an operation adept at smuggling illegal substances into the country , the challenge of smuggling our gold out is light lifting for dee ray .
it was his belief that tens of thousands of bad - faith cases exist in this country and are never brought to justice .
there have been some large punitive awards around the country .
no hospital or clinic in the country can afford to eat that kind of money . ''
this low - budget journey around the country might seem boring to most folks , but for me it 's a luxurious vacation .
he says he might call his buddies , work the network , interface , gather the gossip , see what 's coming down around the country .
the information is scattered in various regional offices around the country .
they roam the country selling their horribly expensive skills to those lawyers who can afford them .
` ` both sides hire these guys called jury consultants , and they come in here from all over the country to help pick the perfect jury .
dr . kilvan was from montreal , where he 'd lived the past forty years , and the fact that he was from another country only added to his credibility .
across an aisle , chuck and another deputy watched the game in plain clothes , ignoring six of the jurors in the most important civil trial in the country .
heinrich is as common as william or john , and kroeger no more unusual than smith or jones in our own country . '
if even the specter of a relationship between the powerful american industrialists and the german high command became known , regardless of how remote or how long in the past , it could tear the country apart .
what was it she had said in the bar at oyster bay country club ?
we 'll fly you out of the country . '
men without professions in their own country .
' ready to spread throughout the country as military units .
of the eleven , there were two names she recognized one a member of the lancaster family , a family that once owned most of the steel mills in the country , but was now better known for its foundation grants and other forms of philanthropy .
the country lost alsace - lorraine , it had to pay staggering reparations , and it had to submit to two years of occupation .
for rich americans like you , switzerland is a country of chocolates , banks , cuckoo clocks , and ski resorts .
when you come to our country , death seems to accompany you . ''
it was just a precaution , once we 'd learned that you 'd arrived in the country .
if she had to guess , she 'd say he was n't a native of this country ; she thought she detected a trace of an irish brogue .
there were times when certain drug lords or african potentates or middle eastern operators needed to do some banking in both countries without the authorities watching .
persuade you to get out of the country .
` ` my arrival in this country came through somewhat irregular means , '' ben said , choosing his words carefully .
you are not in your own country . ''
you need to listen to me , and then leave the country at once .
not unusual in this country .
` ` mr . hartman , the kantonspolizei have informed me that you are in this country illegally .
the probability is that they 're in the same country , likely in the same general locale at a certain point of life , one becomes subject to a sort of field of gravitation .
had he secretly alerted the banker that ben was in the country illegally ?
a country in europe , he felt sure .
` ` do you have a way of finding out whether hartman is staying at some other hotel in zurich , or anywhere else in the country ? ''
is there a way to tell if he left the country ? ''
the club 's members were mainly drawn from the quatrocentoes , brazil 's aristocracy , descendants of the original portuguese settlers who had been in the country for at least four hundred years .
it 's lookin ' like each of the dead guys got regular contributions booted into their accounts from some haven country .
` ` haven countries , '' ben said .
it would explain how he was able to travel through european countries without alerting passport control , among other things that had puzzled her .
there was a very rich hungarian - jewish family , weiss they had businesses in twenty - three countries around the world .
in this country , where they have always protected the nazis , even protect them to this day , i get no donations .
but argentina is another country , and surely the wretch is dead . ''
` ` this is such a beautiful country , '' she told the clerk .
` ` the faster we can get out of this country , the safer we 'll be .
` ` you really think we ' ve got a shot at getting out of this country undetected ? ''
` ` great country , great people .
there 's reason to believe he 's been in the country today , and that he 'll be trying to make his way out .
as far as sully was concerned , her kind could n't leave the country fast enough .
argentina as a backward country that harbors these bad , bad people .
records of people who entered the country in the forties and fifties ? ''
` ` and then in 1949 , perdn issued a blanket amnesty for anyone who had entered the country under a false name .
but then argentina is a catholic country , ben thought .
they were going to die in this godforsaken field off a dark road in the middle of a country he did n't know .
` ` ms . navarro , in all my years of crusading against the evil that my father did , i ' ve been accused of many terrible thingscdisloyalty to family , disloyalty to my country , opportunism , insincerity , you name itcbut no one has ever accused me of murder ! ''
i ' ve got half a mind to pop down the corner for a pint , except they serve the ale too damn cold in this country .
it seemed to be a makeshift shantytown , a tent city , its inhabitants youth from some eastern european country .
he could glimpse the youthful financier who found the country around him erupting into a lethal blaze of hatred .
like every med student in the country , she had begun her studies vowing that money was not the attraction .
you got ta love this country .
he could convey this wonderfully simple idea to any jury in the country , but it would especially appeal to the good folks in the district .
because reuben v atlee had fought for his country , his casket was covered with the stars and stripes .
legalized gambling had arrived in the state with the lowest per capita income in the country .
every plaintiff 's lawyer in the country is talking about skinny bens . ''
the meeting had been arranged through a virginia law alumnus who was now a partner in a new york megafirm , which in turn was counsel to a gaming group that operated canyon casinos across the country .
i spent a month flying around the country , in a learjet , signing co - rep agreements with other lawyers .
whole countries , '' eigen added in a level tone .
the son of a millionaire industrialist and his russian wife stephen 's mother had come from a noble family that had left the country before the revolution stephen had traveled widely with his family and had been schooled in switzerland .
` ` you 'll recall that when you joined i had you fill out a long and tedious form , some fifty pages long , in which i required you to list all your contacts in foreign countries friends , family , relations , everyone .
of course , the german foreign ministry is full of old - money , old - line aristocrats the social register is n't limited to our country , you know and a number of them are less than discreet about their distaste for hitler and his rabid nazis .
and ` ` communism = soviet power + electrification of the whole country ! ''
soon enough , germany would win the war this was inevitable : the only country remotely powerful enough to vanquish germany was russia , and stalin was being meek and compliant and then von schiissler could retire to his schloss with the glory of having served his government and ride his beloved lippizaners in the beautiful german countryside ... .
as the slogan goes , communism equals soviet power plus electrocution of the whole country . ''
these poles , a remarkable assemblage of telecommunications experts who had been trained by the germans before escaping their country just ahead of the nazi invasion , were civilian technicians who 'd been hired to work for the british secret service .
however the spy had entered the country , a list was a good starting point , though .
they keep lists of all those who enter the country . ''
there was , after all , an excellent chance that he would visit his country 's embassy ; they all did .
but before then , you 'll be using him to save your country . ''
for years he had complained that he was unable to get any information out of the russians , that they would not let him travel about the country without nkvd escorts .
believe me ` ` ` ` call it what you will , but when a foreigner such as myself , from a capitalist country , gets involved with a russian woman in moscow , the risks are borne entirely by the woman .
they were not released or returned to their native country .
you are doing a wonderful thing , not only for my country but for yours as well . ''
corky had passed on the order that he was to be ex filtrated out of the country at once .
i ' m leaving the country , and i want you to come with me . ''
and how she had refused his offer to get her out of the country .
her ties to her country were stronger ; that was the grim truth .
we will always be allowed to travel outside the country . ''
he was fifty - seven years old , a hard - liner and weapons expert who had been raised by his great - grandmother , and then an uncle , in a tiny village in the kuznetsk basin , and had quickly climbed the ladder of soviet industry , had become the central committee secretary in charge of the military - industrial complex , had been awarded the lenin prize for his faithful service to his country .
` ` you say you know my country .
metcalfe knew what gerlach was really talking about : every time the nazis had invaded a country from poland and czechoslovakia to norway , denmark , and the low countries they would loot the country 's treasury , seize its gold reserves .
metcalfe knew what gerlach was really talking about : every time the nazis had invaded a country from poland and czechoslovakia to norway , denmark , and the low countries they would loot the country 's treasury , seize its gold reserves .
they 're not likely to let you out of the country again . ''
wholly different from the rest of the country .
provided you know what country to check . ''
you 're a head of state , in a foreign country .
he entered the country a few hours ago on a diplomatic passport . ''
he still carried the gun that he 'd brought with him into the country .
not callous , just mystified at his concern about a stranger down from another country .
and why she had paid costello to scour the country for him .
primitive , improvised , disorganized , just crouching there on the muddy surface of that awful country .
we brought our son up the same way , to love his country and to serve it .
we were unable to have other children , so victor was on his own , the light of our lives , and i thought that to be a soldier and to serve his country was a fine ambition for the only son of a patriotic father . ''
his accent was the bland army accent that comes from serving all over the world with people from all over the country .
they worshiped the military , the patriotism of it all , serving your country , the whole damn thing .
vietnam is a narrow country , side to side .
it was a distant country he knew he would never visit .
leon had kidnapped him and dumped him right on the border of that distant country .
how was he going to cross the border of the distant country without getting issued with all this stuff ?
people as specialized as us , there 's not more than maybe ten thousand in the whole country . ''
they were flooding in from all over the country at a rate faster than one every second .
voodoo country , in other words .
try other countries .
to almost everybody else out there in the country all these politicians are absolute nobodies .
and even if it is n't , we could say that we thought it prudent to keep the merchandise out of the country until the matter was finally resolved .
the duncan driver gestured into the truck , but before each of his passengers climbed aboard he looked at their faces and smiled and shook their hands , in a way his passengers took to be a formal welcome to their new country .
` ` in fact , '' shouts the hands - down most popular talk voice of the coulee country , ` ` let me go out on a limb here , boys and girls , let me make the following recommendation , okay ?
from the height of the oaks and the variety of the trees , we know that we are regarding a remnant of the great climax forest that once blanketed this entire part of the country .
can it be here , right here and now in tom sawyercbecky thatcher country ?
not to mention fifty free seats on the first - base side with me , george rathbun , coulee country 's traveling college of baseball knowledge .
the george rathbun of our imagination and all of coulee country 's , it almost goes without saying is a pop - eyed , broad - assed , wild - haired , leather - lunged , rolaids - popping , chevy - driving , republican - voting heart attack waiting to happen , a churning urn of sports trivia , mad enthusiasms , crazy prejudices , and high cholesterol .
it is time to go back inside , time to replay last night 's mark loretta home run , time to start taking more calls from the coulee country 's dedicated sports fans .
` ` in this dream country ?
the real coulee country , the deep coulee country , is just a wish and a motion away .
the real coulee country , the deep coulee country , is just a wish and a motion away .
going national with george rathbun as part of the espn radio package should be attractive , and he does n't have any serious problem with changing the name of the show from badger barrage to espn sports barrage it would still focus primarily on the central and northern areas of the country but ...
why they 'd take the clothes and leave the shoes was a question ty probably could n't have answered even had he not been wearing the cap ( sbecial toyz for sbecial boyz ) , but a disjointed phrase popped into his head : custom of the country .
below this , stamped in large black letters : even a blind man can see that coulee country loves the brewer bash !
shaker country - had n't his grandfather told him once that this was shaker country ?
shaker country - had n't his grandfather told him once that this was shaker country ?
she should be snugly tucked into a bed somewhere in a house with a shrinking mortgage , a teddy bear crooked under one arm , ready to go back to school the next morning and do battle for god , country , and the second grade .
if she could be persuaded to use her powers for the good of the country , so much the better .
` ` not with some of the things that have gone on under cover in this country and then come out .
the three men he had sent running down toward andy and charlie from the front end of the porch had forgotten their duty to god , country , and the shop .
they wanted him to sign a paper concerning his personal effects after they had murdered his wife , chased him and charlie across half the country , and then kidnapped and held them prisoner : andy found that darkly hilarious and kafkaesque .
my father and his second wife , with my half brother phillip , had moved across the country to california in the past year .
` ` no telling what could happen to him wandering by himself in a country where he did n't even speak the language . ''
when i turned into the rear parking lot of my mother 's office , i noticed no one dared to park in her space though she was actually out of the country .
the only obvious tie - in this had with his present life was that he now worked for pan - am agra , manufacturing farming products in conjunction with some of the more agricultural latin american countries , principally guatemala and brazil .
i thought , at least at the beginning , that i was doing something good for my country .
` ` you do n't know where you are in those other countries , '' she said darkly .
it was as dilapidated as the outer room , and there was a large reproduction of the last supper on the wall , and plaques with bible verses were stuck here and there , along with a huge map of the country and a calendar that featured scenery rather than women .
i was convinced martin was doing what he was doing not because he was intrinsically evil but because he was addicted to danger , adventure , and maybe because he thought he was serving his country .
i could n't reach any decision about my life with martin , but i knew i would miss him and i hated for him to leave the country before we could resolve our problems .
` ` i expect she just wanted to show off the baby to you , since her mom is out of the country . ''
he 'd said that my dad had cheated on his mother , which was all too easy to imagine , but that just did n't seem like a motivation for hitchhiking across the country .
` ` i ca n't believe he went all the way across the country on his own .
he insists , ` ` think , anna : we 're stuck in some foreign country , and elise is dead , and they 're asking us about our sex lives instead of out there looking for the killer !
i was going to road - trip across the country , stay in cheap motels and collect postcards from every state .
` ` i know that everyone here , across the country , wishes you all the best in what 's to come . ''
because i know she likes wine , i take great pleasure in looking for unique bottles for her , especially out in temecula , southern california 's closest wine country .
if i let him go , then you 'll never leave this country again . ''
i scanned the woods , or what passed for woods in this part of the country , listening hard .
` ` i need you to escort a man out of the country . ''
in other words , someone did n't want the man leaving the country .
get our friend out of the country , and you 're done .
abram bukolov was the owner of horizon industries and arguably the country 's pharmacological tycoon .
i love my country , but not so much my government .
utkin glanced up , seemingly not bothered that someone seeking to escape the country , someone being hunted by russian elite forces , should choose such a public outing .
i am not leaving the country without anya .
listen , harper , if anya is the brideprice to get bukolov out of the country , that 's fine , but let 's make sure she 's real before i head to kazan .
once we 're safely out of the country , and i ' ve handed you over to sigma .
` ` once you 're out of the country , you can all do as you please .
once you get abram out of the country and under u.s . protection , luca is safe from everyone - the svr , general kharzin - all of them . ''
how are you going to get me out of the country ? ''
` ` i will never leave this country alive .
` ` if you draw a line from springbok along de klerk 's bearing , it puts you squarely into the groot karas mountains - in the country of namibia . ''
and i 'll have my revenge for my daughter , for my country ! ''
indiana had to be the flattest f**king state in the country .
all this f**king country did was try to sell you shit .
the babgaks traveled around the country , and sal had done well as a vendor during the past years .
morrell was an older man , sturdy , his red cheeks separated by a black mustache , known to be one of the finest custom knife makers in the country , if not the world .
shirley , on what continent is the country of gabon ? ''
since mid - june , i 'd traveled the country , filling my days with appearances and readings that kept me grounded in the present .
could be anywhere in the country . ''
the story broke on every news channel in the country , so by nine o'clock , as a bomb - squad robot rolled toward the portentous heap of cardboard boxes , the world was watching .
rampant speculation ignited as the country fell in love with its own fear .
there might be hundreds like it in the new england countryside , thousands across the country itself .
i just wanted to see how fast i could cross the country . ''
` ` i know , but i wanted to drive through wyoming , seeing as how i ' ve never seen this part of the country .
in fact the only time i even heard him reference his native country occurred last winter .
the champagne man who owned the atv and snowmobile dealership just down the street had asked bill what he thought of the state of affairs in his country .
i wondered if my brother 's cabin still stood in this wasted country .
only sixty - three feet high , it rose humbly above its community , a whitewashed brick tower that had stood its ground since 1823 , second oldest beacon in the country .
it was all over the country .
i ' m not leaving this country without you , dee . ''
the calculation of distance impossible in this country .
jack drew even with him , tried to make eye contact , then finally stepped in front of the man , who stopped , his gray eyes staring off at a horizon beyond even the scope of this infinite country .
we 're not asking you to do anything that adolescents all over the country do n't do every day . ''
he offered us a polite smile , more a reflex in this part of the country than a courtesy .
` ` to leave the family that loves you , that will take care of you , to go off to the other side of the country , alone , to do god knows what ? ''
when briggs is n't out roping the young and impressionable into doing his dirty work for him , he belongs to a specialized team that works with law enforcement across the country .
while i was traveling the country with my mom , dean had been living twenty yards away from the shack where his father tortured and killed at least a dozen women .
they hailed from swansea but had found their way to the west country when i was ten years old .
` ` fancy meeting a taffy deep in dago country , '' he slurred .
ii for the five years after we left london , reginald and i scoured europe , moving from country to country in a travelling caravan of staff and fellow knights who shifted around us , drifting in and out of our lives , we two the only constants as we moved from one country to the next , sometimes picking up the trail of a group of turkish slavers who were believed to be holding jenny , and occasionally acting on information concerning digweed , which braddock would attend to , riding off for months on end but always returning empty - handed .
ii for the five years after we left london , reginald and i scoured europe , moving from country to country in a travelling caravan of staff and fellow knights who shifted around us , drifting in and out of our lives , we two the only constants as we moved from one country to the next , sometimes picking up the trail of a group of turkish slavers who were believed to be holding jenny , and occasionally acting on information concerning digweed , which braddock would attend to , riding off for months on end but always returning empty - handed .
was he from the west country ? ''
edward has a force fifteen hundred strong , many of them enlisted in the country .
` ` like hundreds of men in my army his name was tom smith - tom smith of the country ; much more about them we do n't know .
and there were others who said america was simply too big to be governed by us ; that it was a tinderbox , ready to go off ; that its people would grow tired of the taxes imposed upon them so that a country thousands of miles away could fight wars with other countries thousands of miles away ; and that when it did go off we might not have the resources to protect our interests .
take up arms in service to god and country both , that we might defend all we have created here . ''
for a moment i mused that when i 'd first arrived in boston i 'd wanted to see what changes british rule had wrought on this country , what effect our governance had had on its people .
five athens had prospered under the turks , though as he walked the streets and visited the monuments and temples of the greek golden age , being rediscovered and revered in his own country , and saw with his own eyes the statues and buildings that were inspiring his friends michelangelo and bramante in rome , ezio understood something of the proud resentment that gleamed unmistakably in the eyes of several of the men and women of the local population .
florentines and venetians might have been rivals , might have looked down on one another , but they shared the same country and the same language .
this was bandit country , where half - disciplined gangs of unemployed mercenaries roamed , killing travelers and each other for what they could get , surviving , as it seemed to ezio , merely for the sake of it , in a countryside still reeling in the aftermath of centuries of war .
raw fish did n't bother him - he 'd read , besides , that somewhere in an unimaginable country far away to the east there was a people who actually regarded it as a delicacy .
he leaned on the rail and looked at the city walls , and the other ships , from all the countries in the world , crowded at moorings , as their baghlah slowly passed them .
` ` i am glad to learn the customs of the country . ''
shahkulu was a rebel against the ottoman rulers of his country , and the rumors were that he was fomenting revolution among his people .
once the niceties - always elaborate , in this country , ezio had noticed - had been dealt with , manuel gestured to shahkulu , who entered the building behind them - a kind of guard post , now evidently deserted - and from it brought a small but heavy wooden chest , which he placed at tarik 's feet .
i 'll help in any way i can , if it means ridding my country of these crusaders . '
you have served the country well . '
the borgia treat our country and the vatican as if they were their own private fiefdom !
he vowed he would not rest until he arrived in the broken - down capital of his beleaguered country .
` ` the king and queen of spain want to unify their country .
true , there had been flagellants roaming the country in expectation of the last judgment , and had n't the mad monk savonarola , who 'd briefly had control of the apple , and whom he had himself defeated in florence - not been duped by that superstition ?
they say it 's a very civilized country ... '' it was time to bring him back to reality .
and that is , to create a mini - kingdom from which he intends to conquer the rest of the country and bring it to heel .
once he had subdued the rest of the country for rome , i was supposed to march on the capital and seize the vatican , with anyone else who opposed the captain - general 's will . ''
france is a far better country than this wretched hellhole .
he 'd sent him into the country and no amount of persuasion would get him to reveal where .
ezio had been having strange dreams , of countries and buildings and technology that could n't possibly exist ... then he remembered that vision of the castle , the remote castle in a foreign land .
now we know what country .
` ` they say it is a noble country .
' i hope i am wrong , but living in this country at this time is like living on the rim of vesuvius - dangerous and uncertain ! '
my spies tell me there 's a curious shipment of coloured powder in little tubes which has just arrived from a country far away to the east called china .
other states , too , the lure of fitting in with everyone else , becoming one big country of golf players and mall walkers and small - business owners with blond wives and big - screen tvs .
ai n't like he 's going to blow the country , try living in uruguay . ''
lord of the dance toured the country last year my wife stage - managed .
` ` that piss - ant country ?
we can choose to shoot you in the dick , boy , and there 's not a court in the country that would even hear the case . ''
he gets the most violent patients and felons shipped in from all over the country .
she remembered what country she was in and switched to english with a heavy brogue .
case i need something to keep me awake in cow country . ''
fucking whole country 's filled with nasty , unhappy , confused , pissed - off people , and not one of them with the brain power to honestly deal with their situation .
ai n't going to be a hole deep enough or a country wide enough to hide your ass in , child .
however , the price for this is that you do get those weeks when the coolidge runs nothing but kitchen - sink dramas from finland or croatia or some other frigid , doom - laden country where all the pale , emaciated inhabitants seem to do is sit around talking about kierkegaard or nietzsche or how miserable they are instead of talking about moving someplace with more light and a more optimistic class of people .
a country unto themselves .
not a terribly threatening phrase unless it 's applied to twenty - one - year - old men and women in the one country where the last thing we would want of our children is that they actually grow up . ''
boston is one of the safest major metropolitan cities in the country .
one of the top criminal lawyers not only in boston but in the country , he charges something in the neighborhood of eight hundred dollars an hour for his services , and he 's always in demand .
` ` logan has the tightest , most admired security system in the country .
why single out certain things - heroin , alcohol , sex , nicotine , bungee jumping , whatever your predilection - for demonization when we hypocritically embrace cities which spew toxins and smog , eat rich food , hell , live in the late twentieth century in the most industrialized country on the planet ? ''
part one indian summer , 1997 1 each day in this country , twenty - three hundred children are reported missing .
we found puffy in the wilds of suburban boston as he made a dash across the soggy plains of the fourteenth green at belmont hills country club , his spiky tail wagging like mad as he lunged for the hint of sunlight he spied on the fairway of the fifteenth .
free country and shit . ''
the first commercial railway in the country was constructed in 1827 , with the first rail clamped to the land with swinging spikes and metal bolts in quincy , up in the hills , so that granite could be transported down to the banks of the neponset river , where it was loaded onto schooners and transported to boston or down to manhattan , new orleans , mobile , and savannah .
this hundred - year granite boom created buildings erected to withstand both time and fashion - imposing libraries and seats of government , towering churches , prisons that smothered noise , light , and hopes of escape , the fluted monolithic columns in custom houses across the country , and the bunker hill monument .
i should have felt like whooping , should have had tears in my eyes as i stood at midfield in the first football stadium ever built in this country , looked at the greek columns and the rain boiling off the long planks of seating in the stands , smelled the last hint of winter dying in the april rain , the metallic odor of the rain itself , the lonely advance of evening in the cold purple sky .
a whole country , maybe .
nine years old , he was better at something than any other child in the country under the age of fifteen .
a roller coaster that , in its time , had been acknowledged as the country 's most dangerous had had its twisted dinosaur of a skeleton shattered by wrecking balls and pulled by its roots from the earth so they could build condos overlooking the boardwalk .
and bubba went back to doing whatever it is bubba does when he is n't out of the country buying things that could blow up the eastern seaboard .
dli operated out of bangor and sebago lake , maine , and was the country 's largest producer of tscs , or temporary support columns , which construction crews used to stand in for support beams that were being restructured or built off - site .
you 're a slavic businessman in this country , everybody thinks you chechen or '' -he spit on the carpet- '' georgian .
the country 's one big atm . ''
the world made his head hurt -- bolsheviks overthrowing the czar , the kaiser running roughshod over europe , anarchists tossing bombs in the streets of this very country , blowing up parades and mailboxes .
a lot of the country smelled a rat , but it was the radicals who started making a ruckus .
did n't mention that a lot of those patriotic boys who risked their lives for their country were colored boys , but he 'd sure bet that was n't who was taking his job .
you in oil country , son .
luther looked out the window at downtown , saw buildings bigger than any he 'd seen in memphis , big as ones he 'd seen only in pictures of chicago and new york , and cars filling the streets , and people , too , and he thought how you would have figured a place like this would take a century to build , but this country just did n't have time to wait no more , no interest in patience and no reason for it either .
` ` we were also told if they try to override us using some federalgovernment - at- time - of - war bullshit , we 're to make it very clear that it may be their country but it 's your harbor and our city . ''
it seemed impossible , with all the other shifts going on in the country 's fabric , that these prim , self - righteous ` ` do n't dos '' had a chance .
whichever way it voted on the volstead ratification in two months would decide whether an entire booze - loving country climbed on the wagon .
the last man to sit at the table , taking a place between danny 's brothers , connor and joe , was uncle eddie mckenna , not an uncle by blood , but family all the same , his father 's best friend since they were teenage boys running the streets of their newfound country .
` ` this country , '' his father said , with one of the many smiles in his collection , this time the wry one .
you do n't -- '' ` ` i ' m here , '' steedman said , looking up from his cigar , ` ` because workers in this country have forgotten their place .
money be falling off trees over there , country .
luther did n't mind them calling him country for the time being , long as they did n't get too used to it , and he went over to the hotel and talked to the man they 'd told him to see , fella by the name of old byron jackon .
` ` you running numbers , country .
luther said , ` ` told you not to call me country no more . ''
much as jessie 'd been given a couple nicknames himself , it was only fair , since he 'd done the same to everyone he met ( it was jessie who , at the gold goose , had first called luther ` ` country '' ) , and those names left his tongue with so much speed and certainty that usually a man started going by jessie 's nickname no matter how long he 'd been called by any other on this earth .
say i ' m right , country .
` ` sure it do , country .
` ` but the cost of immigrating to this country has left me of modest means .
so much hope in this country , so much possibility .
` ` this guy just left ambulance country . ''
like thousands of others infected in the city , he 'd survived , even as the grippe made its steady way across the rest of the country , crossing into california and new mexico the same weekend he walked with danny to a taxi .
they built dreams of their future and their baby 's future , and luther , for the first time , could picture a life in greenwood , had formed a loose ten - year plan in which he 'd work as hard as a man could and keep socking away the money until he could start his own business , maybe as a carpenter , maybe as the own er / operator of a repair shop for all the different gadgets that seemed to sprout out from the heart of this country damn near every day .
i ' spect that woman do n't like me , country . ''
the blood climbed out of the wound like it had been waiting its whole life to do so , and jessie howled through his mask and dandy and smoke held his head in place as the blood poured onto the table and deacon broscious yanked on luther 's hair and said , ` ` you close your eyes , country , i 'll take them home with me . ''
` ` and you , country , you either in on it or known about it and did n't tell me , which make it your debt , too . ''
` ` you ai n't dumb at all , country .
` ` all right , country .
you thinking that , country ? ''
where you think we 'd hide , country ?
` ` you good kin , country . ''
once the meaning was gone , danny wondered , how would these noodle heads -- and among the bolshie and anarchist literature , he had yet to find someone who was n't a noodle head -- as one unifi ed body , successfully cross a street , never mind overthrow a country ?
the socialists were the smartest -- they acknowledged greed -- but their message was constantly entwined with the communists ' and it was impossible , at least in this country , for it to be heard above the red din .
a charter in the most powerful union in the country .
` ` this silly big country .
` ` and yet everyone seems in a hell of a hurry to leave their country to get here . ''
` ` you are a much more ... abbondante country than italia .
the whites not only left them alone , they respected them , and lila agreed with brother garrity when he declared that greenwood would be a model for the rest of the country and that ten to twenty years from now there 'd be greenwoods in mobile and columbus and chicago and new orleans and detroit .
because the blacks and whites had figured out how to leave one another be in tulsa , and the peace and prosperity that came with that was too good for the rest of the country not to sit up and take notice .
if boston was all that was left of ` ` safe '' in this country , then boston it would have to be .
the bartender stood down at the far end of the bar , talking to the other two men in the place , so ruth lit a cigar and looked around at the dark walnut beams and inhaled the smell of leather and wondered how in the hell this country was going to get along with any dignity now that prohibition looked a dead certainty .
` ` tough country i ' ve always heard . ''
in new york , the harbor workers union had refused to report for duty , and across the country unions were warning of ` ` no beer , no work '' sit - downs if prohibition became the law of the land .
du bois , and du bois was one of only two men in this country that luther felt worthy of his admiration .
` ` whole country -- ' least what can afford it -- is going electrical , but mrs . wagenfeld , she want no part of it . ''
` ` and yet you sit there and tell me you know that no reasonable or sensible government -- local , state , or federal -- will ever allow the sovietizing of this country .
danny would have thought it comical if it had come from any other source , on any other day , in any other country .
` ` as soon as you 're released from the charity ward , you get on a boat and leave my country , '' danny said .
anyone in the world looked close at that girl , they saw a whole country of pain had already paid its respects to her .
he was steaming away from a whole country , the motherland that had given him his name and his nature , now wholly unfamiliar , now foreign ash .
what a country !
this was followed by a jolt of patriotic fury , the likes of which he 'd never suspected could live in his soul for a country that had never treated his people with any welcome or justice .
and yet he pictured these reds , most of them aliens with accents as thick as their mustaches , willing to do violence and wreckage to his country , and he wanted to join any mob that was going to smash them through the teeth , wanted to say to someone , anyone : just give me a rifl e. according to the paper , the reds were planning a day of national revolt , and the thirty - four bombs that had been intercepted suggested a hundred more that could be out there primed to explode .
give you and all the other redneck assholes in this country an excuse to kill us all ?
this is our country , too . ''
` ` said this is our country , too . ''
gentlemen , i ask you -- is this the kind of country we wish to live in ? ''
` ` or , '' mckenna shouted , ` ` would you , instead , like to take this country back ? ''
` ` i said -- would you like to take this fucking country back ? ''
mrs . giddreaux worked there with a dozen other women pretty much every day , and it was in the very basement of the house on st . botolph where the crisis was printed and then mailed out to the rest of the country .
simply put , this country is sick of terror . ''
` ` mr . coughlin , are you happy with the direction in which our country is heading ? ''
you 're like a country within the country , i 'll surely grant you , but hardly the country itself .
you 're like a country within the country , i 'll surely grant you , but hardly the country itself .
you 're like a country within the country , i 'll surely grant you , but hardly the country itself .
they would be the first policemen in the country with national affiliation to a labor union .
the chicago coloreds actually fought back , turning a race riot into a race war and scaring the ever - loving shit out of the entire country .
if his physical eviction from the country were to occur before he finished his sentence , the united states would graciously commute the remainder of it once he reached international waters .
and now that the coloreds had been put back in their place in d. c. and chicago , and the anarchists seemed to have gone quiet , and the country might have been able to take just one easy breath , the agitators and agitation sprang up from the least likely of quarters : the police .
but these were upside- down days in the country .
` ` there have been over two thousand labor strikes in this country so far this year , gentlemen .
worse than anything this country 's seen thus far .
` ` every day in this country they 're breaking unions , mr . storrow .
as if to say , this country is yours , boys , all yours , but you have to grab it .
as if this country owed them any more than it had handed thomas when he stepped off the boat , which is to say nothing but a fresh chance .
what had that gray country ever given them except melancholia and alcoholism and the dark humor of the habitually defeated ?
the telegram was also released to the wire services and would run in over seventy newspapers across the country in the following two days .
if you 're leaving the country , why leave the money here ?
if thomas used this call box , he was wedded to the pescatore mob for life , to a race of people who had brought to the shores of this country anarchism and its bombers , assassins , and the black hand and now , organized in something rumored to be called omerta organiza , they had overtaken by force the entire business of illegal liquor .
to give the country a name , to remake it in his image so it could espouse his values and export them across the globe .
he closed the watch and closed his hand over it and closed his eyes until he saw the shore of his new country , saw the black sky above give way to a far - flung scatter of white stars that shone down on him and the small stretch of water left between them .
i kept thinking , where 's my country ?
upon his release , it was suggested to him that leaving the country would be an exceptional idea .
` ` i want freedom for my country and i want machado dead and the united states to leave my lands .
` ` i think assumptions about an entire country or an entire people are pretty fucking stupid in general . ''
` ` i love my country . ''
your country is something you see out that window .
` ` my country is something in here . ''
the drys were losing ; the country was pushing back against the eighteenth .
while the rest of the country lined up for soup and begged for spare change , the rich remained rich .
whole country 's in the tank , banks going under , cities going bankrupt , people out of work . ''
you 're the pestilence that gon na bring this country to its knees .
the country was soft enough for this .
you had cash - strapped municipalities from one end of florida to the other and one end of the country to the other .
` ` they are saying this country will soon return to the despair of wanton alcohol consumption , of husbands beating their wives because of the rum , of carrying home venereal disease because of the rye , of falling to sloth and losing their jobs and the banks putting even more little ones out in the street because of the gin .
the entire country was going wet again , wet with abandon , wet with fervor and joy , but tampa , under loretta figgis 's influence , was swinging the other way .
his shoes were one step above the cardboard worn by the people who lived in the streets and the tents all over the country now .
joe loved his wife , but she still seemed unable to accept that her own country , while undoubtedly beholden to his , was far better off for the transaction .
they had indoor plumbing and electricity in a third of the country and half of havana .
what may not be expected in a country of eternal hght ? 3 i may there discover the wondrous power which attracts the needle ; and may regulate a thousand celestial observations , that require only this voyage to render their seeming eccentricities consistent for ever .
but , supposing all these conjectures to be false , you can not contest the inestimable benefit which i shall confer on all mankind to the last generation , by discovering a passage near the pole to those countries , to reach which at present so many months are requisite ; or by ascertaining the secret of the magnet , which , if at all possible , can only be effected by an undertaking such as mine .
at that age i became acquainted with the celebrated poets of our own country ; but it was only when it had ceased to be in my power to derive its most important benefits from such a conviction that i perceived the necessity of becoming acquainted with more languages than that of my native country .
at that age i became acquainted with the celebrated poets of our own country ; but it was only when it had ceased to be in my power to derive its most important benefits from such a conviction that i perceived the necessity of becoming acquainted with more languages than that of my native country .
but the old man decidedly refused , thinking himself bound in honour to my friend ; who , when he found the father inexorable , quitted his country , nor returned until he heard that his former mistress was married according to her inclinations .
he passed his younger days perpetually occupied by the affairs of his country ; a variety of circumstances had prevented his marrying early , nor was it until the decline of life that he became a husband and the father of a family .
this man , whose name was beaufort , was of a proud and unbending disposition , and could not bear to live in poverty and oblivion in the same country where he had formerly been distinguished for his rank and magnificence .
on the birth of a second son , my junior by seven years , my parents gave up entirely their wandering life , and fixed themselves in their native country .
chapter iii when i had attained the age of seventeen , my parents resolved that i should become a student at the university of ingolstadt1 i had hitherto attended the schools of geneva ; but my father thought it necessary , for the completion of my education , that i should be made acquainted with other customs than those of my native country .
if this rule were always observed ; if no man allowed any pursuit whatsoever to interfere with the tranquillity of his domestic affections , greece had not been enslaved ; caesar would have spared his country ; america would have been discovered more gradually ; and the empires of mexico and peru had not been destroyed .
my uncle is not pleased with the idea of a military career in a distant country ; but ernest never had your powers of application .
justine , thus received in our family , learned the duties of a servant ; a condition which , in our fortunate country , does not include the idea of ignorance , and a sacrifice of the dignity of a human being .
the month of may had already commenced , and i expected the letter daily which was to fix the date of my departure , when henry proposed a pedestrian tour in the environs of ingolstadt , that i might bid a personal farewell to the country i had so long inhabited .
i acceded with pleasure to this proposition : i was fond of exercise , and clerval had always been my favourite companion in the rambles of this nature that i had taken among the scenes of my native country .
my country , my beloved country !
my country , my beloved country !
while we love - while we are true to each other , here in this land of peace and beauty , your native country , we may reap every tranquil blessing - what can disturb our peace ? ''
the prospect of marrying a christian , and remaining in a country where women were allowed to take a rank in society , was enchanting to her .
they conversed with one another through the means of an interpreter , and sometimes with the interpretation of looks ; and safie sang to him the divine airs of her native country .
they remained confined for five months before the trial took place ; the result of which deprived them of their fortune , and condemned them to a perpetual exile from their native country .
` ` when the news reached leghorn that felix was deprived of his wealth and rank , the merchant commanded his daughter to think no more of her lover , but to prepare to return to her native country .
` ` she arrived in safety at a town about twenty leagues from the cottage of de lacey , when her attendant fell dangerously ill . safie nursed her with the most devoted affection ; but the poor girl died , and the arabian was left alone , unacquainted with the language of the country , and utterly ignorant of the customs of the world .
i had a very confused knowledge of kingdoms , wide extents of country , mighty rivers , and boundless seas .
i resolved to fly far from the scene of my misfortunes ; but to me , hated and despised , every country must be equally horrible .
a few incidents now and then directed me , and i possessed a map of the country ; but i often wandered wide from my path .
i remembered also the necessity imposed upon me of either journeying to england , or entering into a long correspondence with those philosophers of that country , whose knowledge and discoveries were of indispensable use to me in my present undertaking .
it was in the latter end of september that i again quitted my native country .
` ` i have seen , '' he said , ` ` the most beautiful scenes of my own country ; i have visited the lakes of lucerne and uri , where the snowy mountains descend almost perpendicularly to the water , casting black and impenetrable shades , which would cause a gloomy and mournful appearance , were it not for the most verdant islands that relieve the eye by their gay appearance ; i have seen this lake agitated by a tempest , when the wind tore up whirlwinds of water , and gave you an idea of what the waterspout must be on the great ocean ; and the waves dash with fury the base of the mountain , where the priest and his mistress were overwhelmed by an avalanche , and where their dying voices are still said to be heard amid the pauses of the nightly wind ; i have seen the mountains of la valais , and the pays de vaud : but this country , victor , pleases me more than all those wonders .
` ` i have seen , '' he said , ` ` the most beautiful scenes of my own country ; i have visited the lakes of lucerne and uri , where the snowy mountains descend almost perpendicularly to the water , casting black and impenetrable shades , which would cause a gloomy and mournful appearance , were it not for the most verdant islands that relieve the eye by their gay appearance ; i have seen this lake agitated by a tempest , when the wind tore up whirlwinds of water , and gave you an idea of what the waterspout must be on the great ocean ; and the waves dash with fury the base of the mountain , where the priest and his mistress were overwhelmed by an avalanche , and where their dying voices are still said to be heard amid the pauses of the nightly wind ; i have seen the mountains of la valais , and the pays de vaud : but this country , victor , pleases me more than all those wonders .
oh , surely , the spirit that inhabits and guards this place has a soul more in harmony with man than those who pile the glacier , or retire to the inaccessible peaks of the mountains of our own country . ''
he mentioned the beauties of his native country , and asked us if those were not sufficient allurements to induce us to prolong our journey as far north as perth , where he resided .
the country in the neighborhood of this village resembled , to a greater degree , the scenery of switzerland ; but everything is on a lower scale , and the green hills want the crown of distant white alps , which always attend on the piny mountains of my native country .
my father was enraptured on finding me freed from the vexations of a criminal charge , that i was again allowed to breathe the fresh atmosphere , and permitted to return to my native country .
if for one instant i had thought what might be the hellish intention of my fiendish adversary , i would rather have banished myself for ever from my native country , and wandered a friendless outcast over the earth , than have consented to this miserable marriage .
we passed rapidly along : the sun was hot , but we were sheltered from its rays by a kind of canopy , while we enjoyed the beauty of the scene , sometimes on one side of the lake , where we saw mont saleve , the pleasant banks of montalegre , and at a distance , surmounting all , the beautiful mont blanc , and the assemblage of snowy mountains that in vain endeavour to emulate her ; sometimes coasting the opposite banks , we saw the mighty jura opposing its dark side to the ambition that would quit its native country , and an almost insurmountable barrier to the invader who should wish to enslave it .
my first resolution was to quit geneva for ever ; my country , which , when i was happy and beloved , was dear to me , now , in my adversity , became hateful .
i have traversed a vast portion of the earth , and have endured all the hardships which travellers , in deserts and barbarous countries , are wo nt to meet .
i followed , when i could , the courses of the rivers ; but the daemon generally avoided these , as it was here that the population of the country chiefly collected .
during the day i was sustained and inspirited by the hope of night : for in sleep i saw my friends , my wife , and my beloved country ; again i saw the benevolent countenance of my father , heard the silver tones of my elizabeth 's voice , and beheld clerval enjoying health and youth .
when the sailors saw this , and that their return to their native country was apparently assured , a shout of tumultuous joy broke from them , loud and long - continued .
` ` yet i can not ask you to renounce your country and friends to fulfil this task ; and now that you are returning to england you will have little chance of meeting with him .
just because she could navigate tulane 's research library did not mean she could crack the lore in a foreign country - oh , and in the hours between sundown and sunup .
he 'd never thought she could have called another country .
he 'd rented what looked like a 500 series that was going to cost her a fortune to drop off in a different country .
` ` not for ninety minutes a week , as my country 's surgeon general recommends . ''
there she sat in the wet grass in a strange country with the stars above off - kilter as though the world had dropped a notch .
that i want to live in a foreign country away from my family and friends in order to stay with the dishonest , unbalanced lykae who keeps lying to me ? ''
i can pretend i like it better here than i do in my own home and my own country , and i can even ignore the fact that his age is a multiple of mine .
she was helen of troy by way of the country of lydia .
he must have half the books in the country in it ! ''
in geography i committed the maps of the world to memory , so i 'd know my way around whichever country i traced you to . ''
lawyers from all over the country would kill to work for them , and she was headhunted straight out of university .
was n't it just like her that in a country full of canadians she falls for the oddball guy from atlantis ?
` ` he 's also originally from this end of the country , and eager enough to return that he was willing to work relatively cheaply ... at least at first , '' she added on a sigh .
it was a country on the tip of a continent , surrounded by ocean on three sides and cut off from its neighbors by a mountain range that made travel difficult .
i was in a foreign country , met lots of new and interesting people , made friends and ... '' ` ` and ? ''
i was born in what is now germany , but have lived in many european countries , not england and spain though .
you managed to regain some small measure of it as a gladiator , then some more from ruling a country as a puppet master / concubine , became a duchess to escape your brother 's rule , and then pretended to be male to run your own ship . ''
he hired the best in the country to teach me .
she had come from atlantis originally , but she 'd settled in the basque country and considered it her home for centuries .
he 's claiming he left his country , friends , family , et cetera , to marry her and move to canada and she is now abandoning him .
politics seemed to be peopled with greedy , larcenous , uncaring morons who could n't run a corner store let alone a country .
this lifemate business had seemed so perfect with the complete lack of a necessity to bother with awkward first dates and everything else , but it did n't resolve issues such as the two of them living in separate countries .
` ` i do n't know what happened , just that some time before i was born he got a hate - on for the country , would n't go near it himself , and tried to dissuade everyone else from going too . ''
he came to the country only because his blood compelled him to .
` ` director roth has been out of the country since july , '' the agent told her , his schooled expression seeming to suggest that he did n't notice her embarrassment over the fact that a basic security detail could know more about her mate 's whereabouts than she did .
i thought i might stay there permanently and raise our son in the highlands conlan loved so much , but being in his country without him only made me miss him more .
my mother left a very comfortable life in new england to help bring clean water and medical supplies to a small country in africa .
it had made the journey from the industrial yard in albany , new york , to the rail station that sent it westward across the country , arriving as planned four days ago at the port of seattle .
magnus thought he might be considering changing his name to horace whipplepool and fleeing the country .
that had been long ago in a country far away , and magnus had never wanted to be so weak ever again .
no one quite knew who was in charge of the country .
i had too many exes , and now i was going to go naked in front of local tv , sure to be syndicated around the country .
to the country ? ''
as she was no longer muhjah and the dispatch case could not serve its intended purpose of carrying secret and highly significant documents and gadgets belonging to queen and country , it might as well carry an item of equal value and importance .
alexia was amazed that even a tiny mechanical device could sound inexplicably french in this country .
` ` beautiful country , madam . ''
there was no other gate or barrier , nothing on the track to mark that they were about to go from one country to another , just a little mounded hil ock of dirt .
since she had not , as yet , seen very much of the country , it was difficult .
i declare , the templars may do what they like ; i love this country . ''
` ` italy is a lovely country .
` ` i mean official y , for queen and country , with the regiment and everything . ''
he leads a group of raiders all across the country , looking for us .
` ` so , you 're saying this vampire king is sending his raider army on a wild - goose chase all over the country , looking for one person who could be anywhere , all because he 's holding a grudge ? ''
i 'd seen many walls in my travels across the country - concrete and wood , steel and stone .
the government had a few of them , scattered about the country , all frantically working to end the plague .
what was so important that i searched the country for three years to find that old preacher and his little congregation ?
that 's when i thought you and i needed to have a little talk , and i certainly could n't do that with a raider gang following me about the country . ''
the adopted son of jebbadiah crosse , the fanatical preacher who 'd led a group of pilgrims across the country on a search for the mythical city of eden .
who had left eden and traveled across the country , to new covington , because he wanted to bring me home .
i ' m the one who trekked halfway across the country to find him .
` ` when i returned to this country again .
` ` so , i fled the country , spent many years on the run , never staying in one place for long .
so , i returned to this country after many years , to find the research the scientists left behind .
` ` you were the one who traveled halfway across the country to find me , zeke crosse .
and then the real reason zeke was here , the reason he had tracked me across the country , begged me to go with him to eden , hit me like a slap in the face .
` ` probably the greatest of our order - at least on this side of the country , '' said maude .
it was about fifty degrees out , balmy compared with late january in other parts of the country , but jacket weather in palm springs - or , rather , cloak weather .
never had he seen such a vertical country .
he emptied the palace privies , delivered its sparse mail , guarded the walls , operated the royal mint , balanced the budget , helped out the gardener in his spare time and , on those occasions these days when it was felt necessary to man the borders , and verence felt that yellow and black striped poles did give a country such a professional look , he stamped passports , or at a pinch any other pieces of paper the visitor could produce , such as the back of an envelope , with a stamp he 'd carved quite nicely out of half a potato .
the countries widdershins of the ramtops are beginning to make themselves felt .
despite a turbulent past , omnia is a friendly country ... or , at least , ' he admitted , ' i ' m sure they would be friendly if they knew about lancre .
she must ' ve got the cleanest floor in the country by now .
' the count was just telling me how he is planning to move into the castle and rule the country , ' said verence .
no one has done more than father to bring our part of the country into the century of the fruitbat ' ' it 's nearly over- ' agnes began .
your husband invited vampires into the country , did he ?
well , everyone else knows that a vampire do n't have no power over you ' less you invite it in , and if it 's a king as does the inviting , then they ' ve got their teeth into the whole country .
for the kingl for everyone in the country !
are we ravaging across the country ?
they do n't have to bar their windows or hide in the cellar , which i have to admit is what people do in the ... less well regulated areas of our country .
` ` what made you leave your home country ? ''
really , this part of the country was just as primitive as floote had said .
bur will persuade me to spy , and i should not wish to work against either my hive or my country .
` ` you might have taken my leg , '' he shouted from the top of the stairs , ` ` and you might take my life , but you 'll never take my country ! ''
i ' ve been chasing mixed breeds all up and down this country .
i 'll be on the other side of the country before the police are even called ... not that they 'll ever find your bodies . ''
no , no bigwig sweeping me off to a foreign country could have measured up to the man that fate had forcibly led me to .
the man had sliced , staked , and burned a path of vampiric destruction across the country .
he laughed and i closed my eyes , memorizing the sound , sensing his location , so incredibly far from me that it felt like the other side of the country .
` ` and a few ranches scattered across the country could not have possibly amassed the amount of money you guys have . ''
look under every rock in the state , the country ? ''
the number was foreign , so this girl obviously did n't live in dullsville or even in this country .
i 'd hate it if i had a big brother and he left town for another country . ''
for queen and country .
she heard the potentate say , ` ` for blood , queen , and country , aloysius .
` ` shame on you , '' said lord ambrose , ` ` to cast aspersions on a vampire who has recently risked so much for his country ! ''
vampires and werewolves might not like each other , but when it came to running of the country and preserving the good name of supernaturals , they always found common ground .
i wondered if i would have been able to leave my whole family and becky behind , move to another country , and live in a lonely old mansion with just a butler for company .
the desire for our own far - off country , for something we ' ve never actually experienced .
she had had to abandon her country and her career there to pursue her own line of research .
a beautiful country . ''
when they do not return and no search party can find their remains , it will only feed the legends of vampires stalking this country and these parts . ''
was it because she was in the heart of dracula country and mikhail reminded her of a dark , mysterious prince ?
` ` father hummer tells us you are somewhat of a historian and would know all the folklore in and around the country .
i ' m from another country , a different race .
we thought they had left the country .
perhaps a new country would bring you relief .
everyone just refers to you as the prince , but they never say of which country .
you do n't even have a country that i can see . ''
the reason vampires congregate in this part of the country , savage , is because desari prefers to perform in this region .
they were like men without family or country or even friends . ''
he had been a man without family , country , or friends , and he did not even have his twin brother beside him .
the mountains stretched across seven countries in central europe and the heavily wooded forests were one of the last refuges left to europe 's rare and nearly extinct birds and larger predators .
we would n't rule a mere country or just our people , but all of it .
mikhail dubrinsky helped my mother to keep it when things in our country were complicated .
so many years had gone by with her moving from country to country with no one to talk to , no one to share with .
so many years had gone by with her moving from country to country with no one to talk to , no one to share with .
gregori goes around looking intimidating and mean because in the old country the mothers scared their children by telling them stories of the dark one .
monsters were everywhere , in every country , every city , every walk of life .
we can travel to my homeland together and see my prince and his lifemate before we travel to your country . ''
it took great planning to get over to this country and to establish myself here .
i saw the ad for a mechanic and thought this job would be something i 'd like , traveling with your band around the country . ''
she knew she would n't be able to stay long with him always around , but if she could hang in long enough to get across the country , maybe things would work out .
he travels often from country to country , a very wealthy man , '' wallace continued .
he travels often from country to country , a very wealthy man , '' wallace continued .
` ` now he travels around this country with a group of singers .
the summerfest was legendary , bringing visitors from all over the country to the festivities .
like all carpathians , when their land ran with blood and their countries were torn apart , they had utilized their skills to fight .
he went above the department 's head and even , according to the detective i spoke with yesterday , went so far as to check to see that all of us were in the country legally .
a very old and respected name but difficult in this country to pronounce correctly .
some of the best people in this country have tried to catch him and failed .
` ` florida is clear across the country . ''
he is n't even from this country .
to the north and west of us , two lesser vampires are tracking us across the country .
` ` our prince sent us out so many years ago this country has become our home .
nicolas and rafael are out of the country at the moment so you are safe from meeting them en masse .
she had put an ocean between them , running away to her mother 's native country , america , and in her innocence had thought herself safe .
what savannah needed was to be locked away safely , spirited out of this state - better yet , out of the country .
we can summer here when we 're in this country . ''
the marriage took place in our country .
still , i wanted you to know you were not entirely alone in this country , '' he added to savannah .
besides , i think i have the right to help you with this mess instead of being shipped off to some foreign country like a child . ''
there are so few of us in this country .
our lifestyle , traveling from country to country , seems odd to many .
our lifestyle , traveling from country to country , seems odd to many .
she ca n't be traveling all over the country , '' she said , hoping to shock him .
tomorrow i have a major photo shoot with one of the top photographers in the country .
` ` i am taking you back to our country , where you will never hear this kind of feminine nonsense . ''
he would see the beauty as he traveled through each city , each country .
they all could hear it despite the sound of the water pouring into the cave , despite the chanting of the ancients joining in from faraway countries .
the amazon rain forest passed through eight borders , extending through the countries with its own perse life forms .
we have to adapt to whichever country we are sweeping for vampires .
there were so few women in the rain forest , or even living on the edge of it , that brodrick had resorted to using the vampire database to find jaguar - women in other countries .
more and more she went off for long periods , avoiding the de la cruz ranches and their many homes scattered throughout the countries bordering the rain forest .
he lived in a country where the same rules of society still often held .
` ` manolito in other countries is a more commonly used name , with nothing else attached to it .
my friends and i talk politics all day and we often do n't agree with our government , but that does n't mean we are traitors to our country or people . ''
they 'd taken names as they 'd moved from country to country , even a surname , when carpathians never had such names .
they 'd taken names as they 'd moved from country to country , even a surname , when carpathians never had such names .
simon vargos traveled to various countries playing polo .
the battles of many centuries chasing the undead through countries in a ceaseless attempt to protect the inhabitants were etched deep into the lines on his face .
i ask myself , why would this type of man come here to this remote part of the country when he is so obviously a city man ? ''
it is far larger than any other holding here in our country , and although on record it looks as if each of your brothers has bought land to put together , one family having so much acreage is unusual .
now ... his rain forest ... his country - was everything , because she was there .
he had spent centuries patrolling up and down the amazon crossing borders and going from country to country .
he had spent centuries patrolling up and down the amazon crossing borders and going from country to country .
( the kingdom of hungary flourished for over a millennium - making hungarian the dominant language of the carpathian basin - until the kingdom 's lands were split among several countries after world war i : austria , czechoslovakia , romania , yugoslavia and modern hungary . )
their father , armando chevez , had come to this country when he was buying horses for his wealthy family in brazil , looking for new bloodlines for the enormous ranches they had in south america .
they wanted to go back to the country that had been their home and way of life for hundreds of years .
it was far more difficult for them to remain for long in this unfamiliar country .
his brothers waiting at home on their ranch in brazil , nicolas waiting here in this crowded country , the chevez family , none of them mattered .
` ` can they really take me away from you , to another country ?
` ` i do n't know about your country , but in mine , it is against the law . ''
paul did n't want his uncles to drag him off to a foreign country away from the home he loved and he was deeply afraid of rafael de la cruz , but he could n't deny that without them they would have lost everything .
` ` he did n't say we would have to go back to some other country ; it was a straight - up loan .
is it so wrong of me not to allow strangers to drag my family off to a foreign country ?
he would never have stayed in another country away from his familia had he not found something better . ''
you have his look and maybe that 's why i was drawn to this part of the country .
in spite of himself , paul was excited at the prospect of being on a private jet , of seeing another country , of waking up in the morning and not having to work from sunup until sundown .
he would put them on the private jet and get them out of the country , using his hypnotic voice to get them through the red tape quickly .
eventually it will spread across our country into other lands .
` ` i wanted you to realize , as our prince , you should n't be chasing vampires all over the country and razvan agreed to help teach you a lesson . ''
he went from country to country in a relentless , merciless hunt , determined to rid the world of the evil stalking his kind .
he went from country to country in a relentless , merciless hunt , determined to rid the world of the evil stalking his kind .
he wanted to visit other countries and see something of the world .
italy is a wonderful country to paint in .
he is your nephew , byron , and he wants to visit other countries .
it was no wonder savannah panicked and fled the country .
` ` we have come to italy , as josef is eager to paint your beautiful country . ''
not only had dragos apparently walked away from the assault , but chase found himself the focus of every media outlet in the country in the hours that followed .
we shared a common dream for this country .
he felt it was very important that you and i have the chance to sit down together and discuss how our interests for the country might mesh .
you ca n't turn on the television without seeing your face on every news channel in the country .
since that intel led us to corinne 's son , maybe we can get a bead on dragos 's other hunter cells across the country .
` ` he was very interested in weird facts about life in the country .
i settled in rhodes because i thought a city in the middle of the country would be cheaper than either coast , but it 's hard for a girl to make it on her own . ''
` ` honey , compared to the mass graves and the slaughter they ' ve had to clean up in their own country , this will be a piece of cake to them . ''
an ice storm in this part of the country was always serious business .
he 'd seen it all during his tenure as coroner in a city with one of the highest murder rates in the country .
i ' m pretty sure that look was already passe in most parts of the country , but trends came late to us .
i ca n't believe this is happening in our country , and me a veteran .
was he smuggling people out of the country ?
i ' ve promised to do my part in washington to help bring us back to where we deserve to be - where we need to be , as the greatest country in the world .
although the young politician was playing at subtlety , dragos needed no further hint to guess that the vip and good friend of bobby clarence was none other than his favored college professor who had hitched his savvy wagon to another rising star and landed in the secondhighest seat of power in the country .
i ' ve been out of the country and ... out of touch .
` ` you lived in a lot of foreign countries . ''
i hear they 're having some trouble adjusting to the new school and new country .
i always visit local markets whenever i ' m in a new country .
she contacted her friends at the embassies in bangkok and chiang mai and arranged for visas in case she and carlos stayed in the country over thirty days .
i helped a woman leave the country .
but since rosalie is supposed to be across the country attending college , i guess that 's not the best idea .
something that would cause edward to insist that i fly across the country .
` ` if there were any convictions , they would n't have been allowed into the country . ''
cripes , the man had single - handedly run the country during the turn , and he had enough time to write a vampire sex manual , too ?
every master vamp in the country , every alpha with delusions of grandeur , was going to be after me , the former to destroy the focus , the latter to possess it .
any country . ''
` ` liander 's here because i need him , and because he 's one of the best makeup artists in the country . ''
` ` maybe just a country or two .
` ` and he 's probably out of the damn country by now . ''
she 's done more than her fair share for kin and country . ''
there were enough riches in this one little hallway to feed an entire country .
the only difference between her and every other great - grandma across the country was that she wore a diamond choker and sapphire earrings .
` ` oh , the actions i must undertake for my country . ''
it was time for lady maccon to fulfill her duty to queen and country and perform the required exorcism .
chapter 4 then , of course , there was the fact that my sort - of - ex - crush might be lurking around the same country , al monster - kil ing .
having to leave your family and come to a foreign country and live alone . ''
after the night of the dance , stormy was dying to see billy again , and though our younger siblings were clearly old enough to spend time by themselves , alexander was mindful of his little sister in a foreign country .
one of the few european countries she 'd never played in .
if she felt like that again , she could jog straight out of this place , this country , away from him forever .
first with my dad , then my brothers , then for my country .
no one can travel out of the country without a passport .
as for tess , she had left that painful past nine years and half a country behind her .
the edges looked faintly green , and in this part of the country , that was never a good sign .
mr crepsley 's city was in a different part of the world , and i was n't sure how much news travelled between the two countries .
tom jones ( he 'd shortened the ` ` tommy '' ) was one of the best keepers in the country .
now he was back home , part of the best team in the country .
he filled us in on his recent movements , the countries he 'd explored , the vampaneze and vampets he 'd killed , making it sound like a big , exciting adventure , free from all consequences .
possibly in the country . ''
with so many mackay employees out of the country , it was quiet at romatech .
` ` i 'll be out in the middle of werewolf country . ''
they could make their own little lycan world somewhere in the country .
his country , his home , his family , his freedom .
he had buried her back in the old country .
it was impossible to reconcile the male she had known in the old country with the one she saw now .
indeed , they had been here only a week , and he could feel the lagging effect on his flesh already - back in the old country , they had had proper vampire females that they had paid to be of service .
staring at their entwined hands , she thought about what he had said ... about the past , about the cobbled - together family the three of them had formed in the old country .
back when the band of bastards had first come together in the old country , they had been a mercenary lot , each out only for themselves .
i saw the brotherhood - if they were formidable before in the old country , that is nothing compared to their resources now . ''
from out of the flames , the brother withdrew a primeval iron brand , one that had been brought over from the old country long ago , one that had been made by hands unknown , long before the race had had a collective memory .
everything went into slow motion as the second truth was revealed : autumn had been in her own in between the whole time , traveling to the sanctuary and serving the chosen for all those years , then coming down here to earth to complete the cycle that had begun back in the old country with tohrment .
their father , the bloodletter , had had countless bastards before he 'd been killed in a lesser skirmish back in the old country .
eight old country present the dream was an old one .
and yet there were some vampires who had stayed in the old country , and he had lingered on this continent in hopes of finding among them what he saw only in his dreams .
and the office ... had been just as depressing as the glory shit : there had been seven messages from colleagues around the country and it was all so shatteringly normal .
no wonder there had been no slayers in the old country .
tomorrow night he would be on his way out of the country , putting several thousand miles between him and the woman who was driving him to a very uncharacteristic distraction .
not the night outside , but from deep out of his past , in the language of his mother 's country .
borogravia was a peace - loving country in the midst of treacherous , devious , warlike enemies .
i just want to join up to fight for my country and the honour of the duchess , sir ! ''
all that bad food , and that bumping about and sleeping on bad beds ... and all that travelling in the dark , too , on dwarf barges in their secret canals under the mountains - the gods alone knew what intricate diplomacy lord vetinari had pulled off to get that , although the low king owed vimes a few favours ... ... all of that for this cold castle over this cold river between these stupid countries , with their stupid war .
the undiscovered country , '' said vimes .
got great plans for his country .
i theek only to therve my country .
he was short and quite slim , which was fairly usual in a country where it was rare to get enough food to make you fat .
to him , including the bits about heroes and there being no greater good than to die for your country .
because we stopped the mail coaches going over our country and tore down their clacks towers , which are an abomination unto nuggan .
you ca n't get to be a great country like borogravia without making enemies !
well , be smart about this : you might not like everything about your country , eh ?
my country , right or wrong . ''
` ` you should love your country , '' said shufti .
all of my country except whatever bit strappi is standing on ? ''
` ` all the good bits in this country are in this tent , '' said the voice of wazzer .
i detest those treacherous devils who 'd have us believe that a vast army is about to sweep right across the country any day now , '' said jackrum .
` ` and that being the case , and since you , captain , are invading our country by night under the cover of darkness , and i am a humble civilian , i think there 's no rule to stop me beating seven kinds of crap out of you until you tell me why you came here and when the rest of your mates are going to arrive .
` ` i just considered , since he had invaded our country to capture our lads , sir , that it would n't hurt if he experienced temporary feelings of shock and awe , sir .
you dare to come riding into our country and think we 're going to be frightened of you ?
on the soil of my country ? ''
` ` yeah , but he 's just some man from a foreign country .
our borders appear to be sufficiently unguarded to enable enemy cavalry to operate forty miles inside ' our fair country ' .
and because of it , we 're suddenly a ' plucky little country ' and people are telling your newspaper that your great city should be on our side ? ''
` ` and i have to add , for my part , '' said blouse , in his talking - to - a - meeting voice , ` ` that borogravia is in fact larger than zlobenia , although most of the country is little more than barren mountainside - ` ` ` ` that does n't actually matter , '' said de worde .
i must fight for my country .
` ` how can we be spies , sergeant , in our own country ? ''
prince heinrich had inherited the throne in a country where the chief export was a kind of hand - painted wooden clog , but in ten years , he vowed , his capital city of rigour would be ` ` the ankh - morpork of the mountains '' !
who , in the pinch , is not ready to lay down his life for his country ? ''
he read all that stuff about it being a noble thing to die for your country , i expect .
` ` everyone outside this stupid country knows that one , lads , but most of them make more effort than you boys .
and thought about a lowland buzzard in this upland country , and some creature so fast and stealthy that it was only a suggestion of shadow ... she took a spell on the copper boilers , ramming the stewing garments under the bubbling surface , and noted that in this place without weapons of any sort she was using a heavy stick about three feet long .
you , miss perks , and the rest of you , will be taken from here , tonight , entirely unharmed , and escorted back into your country as far as our patrols can take you , which , i suspect , will be quite a long way .
the winter is coming , the trusting animals are not fed , old men die of cold , women mourn , the country corrodes .
i know the country 's a month away from starvation . ''
not the country .
brogocia is the cherry pancake , borogvia is the country . ''
that 'd make one quite big country , much bigger than the other ones round here .
` ` the general went on to say ... '' de worde consulted his notebook , ` ` that you are a credit to the women of your country .
seems to me the ol ' ' my country right or wrong ' thing has had its day .
i was part of the thin red line that turned aside the heavy brigade at sheep 's drift , i saved the imperial flag from four real bastards at raladan , and i ' ve been to a lot of foreign countries and met some very interesting people , who i mostly subsequently killed before they could do me over good and proper .
the country had breathed out .
with the lines of power that run through this whole part of the country , we have to be on our guard .
` ` stuart covington here is the most bril iant scientific mind of the senior class , perhaps one of the most promising ones in the country .
i 'll stand on any roller coaster in the country for hours at a time .
and what kills me about that little rumor is that when people are convinced their town is under siege by some demonic force , they 're not focusing on the fact that war is ripping apart our country .
` ` at that point they were tragically killed , just like the twenty - three other civilians who died for their country and their beliefs .
our country slaves loafed under the fruit trees .
rome is so dependent upon egypt for corn that the emperor wants to prevent the country from ever falling under the control of a powerful traitor .
course after course of sweet , rich , heavily spiced foods that a modern italian would never recognize as part of his country 's cuisine .
but i wo n't go there on account of my sister , veronica , who says i need to stop thinking of women as sex objects and start thinking of them as future partners in the inevitable struggle to survive in postapocalyptic america ( which veronica 's writing her senior thesis on because she feels the apocalypse is going to occur sometime in the next decade , due to the country 's current state of religious fanaticism and environmental recklessness , both of which were present at the fall of rome and various other societies that no longer exist ) .
see , i read it in this book about how to get guys to like you and they said it was a line that never failed but i got interrupted in the middle and the line before it was about china - not the country , the kind you eat off of - and that is where the fine part was but i must have gotten them confused . ''
given liander was one of the top movie effects people in the country , that could only mean we 'd be donning our disguises - and moving into our cover lives - from tomorrow .
` ` i bet every girl across the country would buy a copy . ''
every once and a while , groups like that spring up somewhere in the country , and they have a really bad tendency to result in a high body count .
` ` mom , '' she said slowly , ` ` what if there was a cure for me somewhere - like in some other country or something - and i could go there and get better , but they would n't ever let me come back ?
i know you would n't thinkthere 'd be enough witches around here to keep us in business , but actually they come from all over the country .
` ` we will need a list of every vampire in the country .
` ` the homeland security guy was ordered to get rid of the video , but he does n't really trust us because i refused to give him a list of all the vamps in the country . ''
` ` he told me he was out of the country .
he 's eager to serve his country once again . ''
` ` there 's no record of you entering this country .
i ' ve been thinking it might be time for me to take another look at the globe , see another part of the country for a while . ''
remembers the way this country was like when the europeans first found it , a bit different perspective than us .
he or she could come from any background or country .
bur headquarters were stationed in central london , but they had offices all over england that kept tabs on the supernatural set in other parts of the country .
` ` it 's not bad to admit here , i suppose , '' he said to start , ` ` but you should understand , in my country i 'd not speak of it . ''
in this country , i mean to say . ''
he was chief sundowner , sanctioned killer for queen and country .
edgith harman 's face was a mass of creases , she hunched , and she used two canes - but that was n't bad for a woman over a hundred who ran her own business and tyrannized every witch in the country .
i once read that when rabbits were introduced into australia they , like , ruined the whole country . ''
he was a sick individual who had somehow slipped through the cracks and been left to kill various women in his wanderings across the country .
for one moment , elvi felt like an invaded country , overwhelmed and unprepared , but then his tongue rasped over her own , drawing a moan from her throat as he reawakened and pulled passions from her she had n't felt in years .
not many people would ' ve traveled across the country to help her .
` ` we have gathered here from all parts of the country for a great thing .
trey had said before that they traveled for their ` ` hunts , '' and master angeletti had also mentioned gathering from various places of the country .
i swear , it was just nonstop strigoi attacks all over the country .
and now you 're going to leave the country to make sure you can deprive yourself even more . ''
` ` i ' m leaving the country .
i hurried out after that , thinking that being in a different country from malachi wolfe might be a good thing .
that the incoming vampire was rynn cormel , the very man who had run the country during the turn , probably had a lot to do with ivy 's quick acceptance .
` ` or been transferred to another part of the country . ''
` ` it 's a free country , '' said bonnie .
the house i grew up in was enormous , built by my father with the money he had made after coming to this country from italy .
` ` which will allow me to travel to my home country and start picking out vendors for exports ... . '' margaret let out a gasp .
` ` when my father came to this country he declared himself an american .
i told myself it was just because you were from another country . ''
she had never been to a foreign country .
she felt as if they 'd been driving forever , through three states and a foreign country .
in the old country they could rejuvenate us ; here they merely stop the ravages of time . ''
their country was formed of alternating rings of land and water , and their city was surrounded by three walls .
she had seen the progress of the family through the ancient countries of asia minor and macedonia and italy and finally up through europe and then to the new world !
it is a country ` ` only a druid could love , '' maharet wrote .
look to the eastern countries , where the desert tribes , now rich on the oil they have pulled up from beneath the sands , kill each other by the thousands in the name of allah , their god !
no people , no race , no country does not contain some of the great family .
when children in the desert countries of the east war on other children in the name of an ancient and despotic god ?
` ` and you tell us of children dying in the eastern countries , in the name of allah as the guns crackle and the bombs fall !
` ` do you know , '' he asked the niece when she came to wait on him , ` ` that you strike me as someone who would like to see a lot of foreign countries ? ''
old dr . alpert was an institution in fell 's church : a doctor who even made house calls , in a country where carrying around a little black bag and stethoscope was pretty much unheard - of behavior .
` ` depends on the naming traditions of the individual 's native country , '' damon said wildly .
she 'd decided to go on to the continent , while i chose to stay and see what the country had to offer .
` ` in my country , on saint stephen 's day we honor the saint who protects the poor , '' she said .
i felt like whitechapel was in a different country .
she was very well nourished , as so many beggars are in this century where food is so plentiful in the western countries , and i drank slowly , oh , so slowly , savoring it , and feeling a rush all through my burnt skin .
it told of small wooden rooms in the country where the candomble believers gathered , lighting candles before their plaster statues of catholic saints and candomble gods .
telepathy is extremely hit or miss ; and paris was a vast city , teeming with citizens of all the countries of the world .
but i had no heart for it - i was far too badly shaken - and i found myself before morning quite far east of the little country of french guiana , yet still in the hungry sprawling jungles , and thirsting , but with no hope of satisfaction on that account .
the vampires seemed to feel some sense of security in the country , but they were still vampires .
if we wish to take her out of the country , even at a vampire 's request , we must ask his permission .
have you seen what they wear in that country ?
one of the understudies was not pleased with the size and location of her room and began to cry , claiming that in her country , ghosts were tethered near water , so she could not possibly be in a room that overlooked the ocean ... on a boat .
and i could hardly faint with a bare head in a foreign country !
` ` it is an excellent museum , one of the best in this part of the country . ''
caverns were vast in this part of the country , often stretching underground for miles .
` ` country , '' i said .
the legend of the mansion went like this : it was built by a romanian baroness who fled her country after a peasant revolt in which her husband and most of his family were killed .
or as you say in this country , he 's been home - schooled , '' creepy man answered , as if he had read my mind .
vampires always bring dirt from their native country . ''
on the right , a sitting room the size of my house was decorated in african art and adorned with enough fertility statues to impregnate an entire country .
the country was in turmoil , unsafe for a woman raising a child like lex on her own .
she glanced at the tan , weathered hands that had helped so many kids out of trouble on montreal 's streets - the same hands that had served his home country in war some four decades past , and which now nurtured and protected that trellis of pink roses as though they were more precious to him than gold .
i left the country and came to the states .
the country was by easter in great flower , and the first warnings of horror to come , though i knew them not to be , were that the lower hamlets on our mountain were quite suddenly abandoned .
and your family , all your poor family murdered by the freebooters ; do n't think they 'll go unpunished , rampaging through that country , those damned venetians ... '' ` ` no , you must n't , you must tell cosimo .
he 'll clean out that country . ''
he was going to traverse the country of guatemala with a raging cockstand the entire way .
and the only time i ' ve been out of the country before this was to cancn for spring break .
` ` do you want to see other countries ? ''
he gazed at her and he knew he would see her in his country , walking the land beside him .
that was saying something , since this was one of the best schools in the country , never mind the state of louisiana , and harder than even ben franklin high to get into .
not a school in this country has a coach devus , and with a name that unusual , he should be pretty easy to find .
he 's been courted by some of the best ivy league schools in the country ever since . ''
it really depends on the demon and its country of origin , as well as that of the hunter .
transforming into his raven form , caleb flew out of the open upstairs window and headed upstate for angola prison where nick 's father hid in plain sight among some of the most dangerous criminals in the country .
in african countries , people starved as the result of civil strife and famine .
a japanese religious leader had just recently been accused of killing innocent people on the country 's public subways .
a fatal virus had only recently broken out with stunning fury in an african country , then died away , leaving all thinking individuals with a renewed interest in the age - old obsession : that the end of the world might be at hand .
he brought back to me a small clean bowl of water and a towel , as someone might have done in another country .
the words differ from country to country , from ephesus to delphi , to the northern steppes .
not medians , not hebrews , not egyptians , not greeks , not warriors from the north countries , no one knows .
` ` the east '' was what they called it , or the third world , or the undeveloped countries , or the backward countries , or the primitive areas - and it covered continents still where the bedouin in timeless white garments walked his camel through the sandstorm , happy as ever to live amid sun - bright desolation .
` ` the east '' was what they called it , or the third world , or the undeveloped countries , or the backward countries , or the primitive areas - and it covered continents still where the bedouin in timeless white garments walked his camel through the sandstorm , happy as ever to live amid sun - bright desolation .
one woman in a building in the city of atlanta in the country of america talked for twenty - four hours before a camera about the weather all over the globe .
` ` it 's going to take us to the southern tip of this country in less than two hours , '' she said .
` ` good god , how many cities , countries , people , are you talking about ? ''
` ` what countries of the world ; you speak of asia ? ''
this , my country , is my ark .
no one in this country will be hurt at all .
` ` but everything that is in our country and canada will survive .
` ` and the people in this country , you think they will let you do this ? ''
the newscaster spoke of a city and a country weeping for its murdered leader .
however did he get here , to this country ?
a tall blue - eyed male with short black wavy hair and caucasian skin and a face modeled on a greek statue , a man with broad capable shoulders and slender hands , dressed in a plain long black silk thawb that covered him to his ankles , a garment that might have passed for a priest 's cassock in another country .
13 marius reunion on the brazilian shore it seemed the voice woke him each evening , telling him to go out and cleanse the country around him of mavericks , that he would be infinitely more content if he did this .
new highways had opened the mountainous and isolated peaks and valleys of the auvergne to the rest of the country several decades ago and with them had come the inevitable technological embrace of modern europe .
i ' m going home as soon as i can to my father 's house in france , in the country where i was born .
the new bartender is milos griensniki , a recent immigrant from the old countries .
` ` why in god 's country are you using zombies , mastiff ? ''
` ` been out of the country in the last six months ? ''
until after he 'd killed his wife and the lover she 'd taken while david had been fighting for god and country , both of whom had forgotten him .
it was built in the nineteen thirties ; fiji ( ` ` i ' m named for the country ; my mom and dad liked to travel '' ) does n't know the exact year .
it was definitely a western accent , but it was like a western accent interpreted by someone from another country .
` ` i am a citizen of the free country of stronghold , '' the newly upright man said suddenly .
the second man , who seemed exhausted now that lemuel had been holding his arm for almost ten minutes , said , ` ` i am a citizen of the free country of stronghold , and i am not obliged to give you my slave name .
and how was he supposed to pack up and go to another country when even sneaking here was a problem ?
when they built evernight academy in the 1700s , this country had been wilderness .
almost every single store sign was in chinese ; it really felt like we 'd driven to another country altogether .
before the emancipation proclamation , if you were black in this country , there was always someone trying to take your freedom away .
should ' ve known the women of this country would n't let you wander around unattached . ''
i do want to caution you all that this is not the only copy , and that if something happens to me or you do not reconsider your actions and my future place in your pack , this video will be uploaded onto youtube and forwarded to every tv station in the country . ''
` ` you think just because i ' m with lapd that i have friends around the country ? ''
` ` some say that she 's from some country in europe ... '' ` ` like transylvania ? ''
from a distant country had come , in the very nick of time , a message that took me out of the danger of the snow - sleep and the jaws of the wolf .
not the static lighted angel on top of your christmas tree , assembled by small children in an asian country .
there are people out there - very talented and corrupt people - who can turn you into anyone , in any country .
but certainly i may claim my four years in this country have not been unproductive .
i ' m not staying in this gol - darned country all on my lonesome .
these are the originals which could not safely be got out of the country . ''
` ` these are the sacrifices one makes for one 's country , watson , '' said holmes , pulling at his little tuft .
after all , you have done your best for your country , and i have done my best for mine , and what could be more natural ?
it was a bizarre and humorous incident that had been captured on film and seen around the country , if not the world .
my face and hands were on fire , despite the copious amounts of sunscreen - and a sunhat that was wide enough to shade a small balkan country .
` ` no , but a highly populated part of the country , although you will generally find more werewolves up north . ''
if you refuse to come with us , you 'll no longer be a guest of our country .
he had signed up to serve his country , his fellow man , partly because of her .
had he been shipped to some country above the arctic circle ?
31 after the alan , i 'd expected chimera 's lab to be a little shop of horrors , but beyond the final door , it looked like any other research lab in any other facility in the country : clean , sterile , organized .
i was n't skipping town and lying low in some foreign country for a while .
through our mutual russian friends , you approached her organization for a favor , and we helped get you and your little girl into the country , green cards and all . ''
the thief started babbling on then about how dangerous the spider was and how bounty hunters from all over the country had come to town just to look for her .
according to that info bulletin that went out , the last time anyone saw her , she was still at the country club . ''
atlanta housed one of the largest shapeshifter societies in the country .
i live now because she grabbed me and ran across the country . ''
atlanta 's pack was arguably the biggest in the country .
andrea carried a crossbow and enough firearms to take on a small country .
like the order , they had domains throughout the country , but unlike the order , they appeared concerned with accumulating wealth to fund their research into the ` ` mysteries of life and death , '' as their brochures put it .
i fought for my country in mine . ''
a powerful country .
we ' ve called in guards from across the country , so we should have more manpower soon .
last i 'd heard , she was heading out to recruit mages from around the country to build up the army the hekate council would need in the war that now seemed inevitable .
after growing up in the urban sprawl of los angeles , new orleans was like an entirely different country .
unlike maps for most countries that showed the land from a bird's - eye view , this one looked more like a cross section with several levels .
the pack is the second - largest shapeshifter organization in the country and has over fifteen hundred members .
last summer suddenly the beast lord and his consort got an invite to settle a shapeshifter family dispute in a small country on the black sea .
as a result , shapeshifter families from all over the country began settling on the border of the pack 's territory , forming a buffer between us and the outside world .
ask a stupid question ... ` ` jim , there is enough manpower here to destroy a small country . ''
we could be halfway across the country . ''
he 'd crossed half of the country , broken into an impenetrable prison , and found me against all odds .
but curran owed him for seeing me disappear , for finding out where i went , for running after me across half the country not knowing if i was still alive , and then for fighting his way to mishmar only to find me half - dead .
` ` we 'll have to cross the ocean in the middle of hurricane season , go to a foreign country filled with hostile shapeshifters , and babysit a pregnant woman , while everyone plots and waits for an opportunity to stab us in the back . ''
` ` how did those expensive foreign cars get into the country ? ''
the carpathians form a mountain range in the shape of a backward c that runs through many different countries , including poland , slovakia , hungary , romania , ukraine , and serbia .
prime country .
` ` so he decided to destabilize the country already paying tribute to a foreign power even further by killing himself and destroying the established royal dynasty ? ''
` ` the only reason you rule at all is because your country is filled with gutless dogs , '' jarek said .
assyria spanned four modern countries : southern turkey , western iran , and the north of iraq and syria .
` ` in what country would i look for this predator ? ''
they are based in the ardenne mountains , in walloon , which is a french - speaking region of the country .
the first letter of the serial number on the money denotes the country .
every knight in the country would hunt us down to their last breath .
` ` i have a string of safe houses set up all across the country , '' he said .
in a perfect world , joshua 's vertically gifted murderer would ' ve had himself a monologue before rampaging , during which he loudly and clearly would ' ve announced his full name , occupation , religious preference , preferably with his god 's country and time period of origin , his goals , dreams , and aspirations , and the location of his lair .
i do n't cherish the prospect of chasing him all over the country . ''
i , however , had narrowed apollyon 's location down to only one country and a type of business .
` ` because i know a lot of people from our ... country .
he does n't give a shit about our operation , this country , or anything else but her ! ''
i felt like someone in another country who met a stranger from her hometown and was inordinately glad to see people with pulses .
pakistan still has areas where ' honor ' rapes and killings of women are ordered by the courts , and yet your country and the rest of the world do nothing about it !
your mom ca n't hate a whole country because of one person !
maybe you 'd get a car and a false passport , meet up with your lover and try to skip the country .
play along no matter what ` ` we 're staying here tonight , and then tomorrow we 're leaving the country .
swaying with the motion of the cargo ship , which looked identical to the one we had arrived in australia on , i wondered if it was the same one , and if it was specifically used for carrying mysticals from country to country .
swaying with the motion of the cargo ship , which looked identical to the one we had arrived in australia on , i wondered if it was the same one , and if it was specifically used for carrying mysticals from country to country .
` ` let 's just say , when i turned twenty - two i came into enough money to buy a small country . ''
mysticals from all over the united states of america , and even several from other countries , would be in attendance , endeavoring to see the prodigies ' ` ` first '' awakenings and , generally , there to ogle us .
` ` i would know if my old battle - ax of an aunt had left the country .
tallulah talbot , the most powerful witch in the country , grabbed on to my arm and hurled us both into the bushes .
` ` this is a coven , one of the largest in the country .
her aunt , the most powerful witch in the country , just helped us escape , and her daughter is giving us information to help save your father .
they must have gathered sorcerers from all around the country to act together , which was no small undertaking .
` ` they have n't let up all night , and i ' m guessing they 're doing this all around the country trying to find me . ''
` ` when i return , i want a full report , even if you have to travel to the old country to obtain the information you need . ''
` ` colin rourke is the most notorious supernatural mercenary in the entire country , possibly even on the planet .
` ` then '' -i grappled for an answer- '' we 'll tell them i ' ve left the country .
now they could go across the country in a matter of hours .
even though they all lived in different parts of the country , they were able to get together whenever they wished .
` ` i like your company , and i do not know anyone else in this country or in this century . ''
he had a vast new world to explore city by city , country by country .
he had a vast new world to explore city by city , country by country .
in 1950 , bran castle had been appropriated by the country 's communist regime .
a small park , located at the bottom of the hill , displayed examples of peasant cottages and barns that had been moved there from different parts of the country .
despite his cruelty , his subjects had respected him for being a strong leader and for defending their country against the turks .
the city , besides being the largest in the country , was also the capital , with a population of over two million .
it went on to say that if you wanted to see a part of the country that had changed but little over the last century , miklosvar was the place to go .
` ` you have n't known him very long and now you 're going off to a foreign country with him .
she dusted and vacuumed and did two loads of laundry , but all she could think about was the plane crashing , or rourke winding up in prison for breaking and entering , leaving her stranded and alone in a foreign country .
she would have liked to stay longer , would have liked to see the sights while she was here , but it just did n't seem like a good idea to spend too much time in a foreign country with a vampire and a young woman whom she might or might not be able to communicate with .
kari was doing her best to explain how bread and milk and other dairy items were delivered to various markets all over the country when she felt a familiar shift in the atmosphere .
he had freed her and brought her to this country .
it was hard to imagine that not only was rourke made of flesh and blood , but he was also a vampire , and even harder to believe that she had made a hurried trip to romania and managed to smuggle ana luisa out of the country .
` ` i would like to make love to you in every country and city in the world , '' he said with a roguish grin .
during the next few months i 'll be traveling the country , digging deeper into the legend and mystique of vampires and other so - called creatures of the night .
thousands of people flew across the country , across the world , every day .
shannah had decided to wait until she had been a vampire a little longer before leaving the country for the first time .
any vampire who wished to leave the park and move to a protected area in another part of the country had to apply for a permit and be transported , by day , by a company equipped to handle that kind of thing .
though santiago did n't look a day over thirty , it was said that he was the oldest vampire in the city , perhaps the oldest vampire in the country .
but then , people also believed that vampires could n't leave you bet your life park , or the other complexes like it around the country , when she knew from firsthand experience that at least one of them was completely unaffected by the force field .
convinced that revenge would forever be beyond him , he had returned here , to the country where he had been born , and forged a new existence .
finally , driven by boredom and curiosity , santiago had traveled to italy and scoured every inch of the country looking for the witch or a cure , only to come to the conclusion that neither the witch or the cure had ever existed .
he had visited every continent , every country , marveling at what mankind had accomplished - the art , the literature , the inventions of the time .
` ` long ago , werewolf packs roamed every country in the world , but they were hunted to near extinction .
` ` what if he 's left the country ? ''
` ` i maintain a couple of residences around the country .
or was it just an added perk , like being able to zap himself from one end of the country to the other ?
i left the country soon after i was turned . ''
and when my great - grandchildren were grown and doing well , i left the country . ''
as much as he liked this house and enjoyed the climate in southern california , maybe it was time to give some serious thought to finding a new lair , preferably a city on the other side of the country , or perhaps the other side of the world .
` ` every hunter in the country is probably out looking for him , '' daisy remarked .
you have no idea what it 's like , to have the strength of twenty men , to be able to transform into mist , to move faster than the human eye can follow , to scale a building or leap a barrier with no effort at all , to cross the country with a thought , to see and hear and touch the world in ways that mortals can never know .
they 're finding bodies drained of blood from one end of the country to the other . ''
` ` the killings across the country ? ''
he was n't sure exactly when he was born , but he had known ancient kings and queens , fought in many battles in many countries , both on land and sea , visited america before the white man came .
true , she had said she would marry him , but that did n't mean she wanted to quit her job or leave the country .
there was little to see in this part of the country save for the castle , and a small township at the foot of the mountain .
every country throughout the world has a similar fortress , and each one is ruled by a master vampire . ''
most of our kind prey on the general populace of whatever country they call home . ''
you testified against him and now , when he has been sent to the worst hellhole in the country , you want to do what you can to make his life more comfortable . ''
it was his example that caused others of our kind to build similar places of refuge in other parts of our country .
our people established new covens in other countries throughout the known world .
and yet , drake was here and kaitlyn was in another country , alone among strangers .
transporting from one country to another required a great deal of energy and concentration .
at first , he had gone only short distances - from one city to another , then one state to another , then across the country .
he had been a vampire for a year or so before he got the nerve to go hopping from country to country , and then he 'd wondered why he had waited so long .
he had been a vampire for a year or so before he got the nerve to go hopping from country to country , and then he 'd wondered why he had waited so long .
drake 's other brothers and sisters all had homes of their own in various parts of the country .
he did not expect lucien to meet him honorably ; if he lost the battle in a fair fight , he had instructed zack to flee the country with elena and kaitlyn and take refuge with his half sister in russia in hopes that nadiya would never find them .
sooner or later , the others would find the man , and a human piece of thaisia would be reclaimed by the wild country .
not even in the country .
` ` god damn , she should have told me she was leaving the country ! ''
` ` they ' ve been out of the country and i do n't even think they got my message until they got back .
he 'd visited about every foreign country kylie had ever heard of and some that she had n't .
he had not only given his life for his country , he had given it to save a stranger .
` ` the fru tried to contact the owner , mr . henderson , but was told by the receptionist he was out of the country . ''
like one of those strange beers from other countries .
she knew she 'd be safe down there since it was so far away from pennsylvania , and she was sure this news would n't travel down to that part of the country , at least for a while .
in some other century , in some other country .
mr . allen said he wanted to teach that first , because so often women get overlooked even though they have done some pretty incredible things to get our country where it is today .
you ' ve told us all these stories of far off lands and countries , of kings and wars and mythologies , but you ' ve never really told us about this land .
people from all over the country sent eggs here to praha in order to assist .
it had to be lilith 's plan : to invade the coronation of the king , where all of the most powerful men in england , the most powerful country in the world , would be gathered at one time .
` ` i traveled throughout the country and then returned to england near the beginning of the year . ''
` ` i was merely attempting to understand why you would have invaded my carriage as i was leaving the country .
i understand you have come to visit my fair country while recovering from your husband 's death .
i felt sure that since we were both in the same country i would be able to ascertain how to find you and to pay a call .
there ai n't no vampires in the country that i know .
` ` the story behind this book has its origins in the indus valley , in the country of your ancestors . ''
perhaps the vampire queen had gone into hiding and was licking her wounds , or , better yet , perhaps she 'd left the country .
he closed his hand around the mic part of his phone wire and said , by way of greeting , ` ` no other reports of planes down anywhere else in the country . ''
` ` our message to the people of this country will be simple .
roger luss worked in international finance for clume and fairstein , and traveled out of the country most weeks .
she rejected the old country and its old ways .
he is loyal to no one and nothing , belonging not to one country or another .
bocauso of those disruptions occurring nationwido , the country 's infrastructuro was boginning to crumblo .
` ` hobo spoak -- from whon ho first camo to this country aftor the war .
fot 's paronts had immigrated to this country from the ukraino ( not russia , as thoy told pooplo , and as fot still claimod ) , not only in soarch of the opportunitios all immigrants sook but also to oscapo thoir past .
you'ro sooing the samo basic dosigns scrawled on buildings all across the country .
she was working off multiplo , fractured sourcos -- intornot , phono , and o - mail -- collating roports from around the country and the world , whilo ropoatodly clarifying that she had no way of vorifying this information was accurato .
bofuddled modical oxports , profossionals who should have known bottor than to foed a panic , wo nt on tolovision suggosting this ` ` drug of last rosort '' as a possiblo troatmont for the still - unidontified strain that was sproading through the country with incrodiblo spood .
pooplo had tried to ovacuato once the plaguo roached truo panic stagos ( tho dofault human rosponso to an infoctious disoaso outbroak - oscapo - dospito there boing no virus - froo zono to oscapo to ) , and highways jammed all across the country .
occasional oloctric lights shining in windows drow his oyo and mado him wondor at all the dosporation going on there in scranton and in similar small citios all across the country and the world .
wo 'll have all those little duchios and fiofdoms popping up across the country .
` ` private jets leave the country all the time . ''
a fitting end for any vampire born in the country called ireland .
` ` and money to get you to the country of your choice , should you decide to help me . ''
important shifters from all over the country . ''
winkler had offices located in many the major cities across the u.s . , plus several in foreign countries .
it is in quebec , in the country of canada , '' parlethis was proud of his newly developed map - reading skills .
he 's likely out of the country , and wynn is safe . ''
howard was likely doing this for a very long time inside this country .
` ` wildrif said for him to leave the country .
baltis is sending some of his to a place in the country of mexico .
` ` he 's done a lot for the country , though . ''
have you seen the numbers of the dead - all those children across the country that have died or been abducted ?
i know of many that are buried across the country already . ''
jonas o'neill and i are the only two bird shifters in this part of the country .
there are only twenty communities like ours in the country , and both the council and the grand master are watching . ''
i ' ve talked with our friend in washington , but he 's too concerned with all those child disappearances across the country to investigate . ''
king rindil , who has inherited a destitute country from his father , is now listening to the pelipu in ialus , who thinks of us as demons . ''
i 'd done some looking - rindil had allied himself ( and farus , his country ) with the temple of the red hand on vionn .
this is our country and i am familiar with it .
the high commander was n't happy ; we all knew that , but the general did have a point - this was his country and he knew where the enemy , such as they were , lived .
after all , the new king of farus had sent the bulk of the army his country could afford on an errand , when a fourth that number might have sufficed .
he could launch an army against other civilized lands from farus ; they had a sizable fleet of ships - enough to carry red hand troops from one country to the next .
we believe he is making his way toward the central portion of the country , and as yet have not determined whether he is traveling to oklahoma or texas . ''
` ` perhaps we could have a glass of wine the next time you are in the country . ''
` ` that rahim may have gotten a vampire into the country and close enough to frazier to do this ? ''
gavin had been correct - xenides wanted to destroy countries , along with getting his hands on me .
he just had n't realized how far it would go or how deeply it would wound the country .
` ` he had to take his vamps and wolves out of the country on some secret mission . ''
` ` and this is my native country , after all .
rene did n't often visit the villa ; he 'd bought it a century before so aubrey could comfortably stay in his country of origin .
` ` wlodek has that one closely guarded while she is inside the country , '' the female council member paced a little .
` ` out of the country .
llewellyn was to take me out of the country .
` ` we hear lissa is out of the country , so tony has focused on what he should be focused on - the rogue vampire xenides and the terrorist rahim alif . ''
the road we took eventually looked familiar ; i realized we were heading toward the holding cells where i 'd been imprisoned when gavin first brought me into the country .
` ` i was not in that country at the time . ''
sebastian was the only one in the country so he took it . ''
` ` lissa , when you come home to me , i will be most reluctant to allow you out of the country again . ''
` ` gavin , what if i told you that you could n't leave the country ?
it was like they could n't get me out of the country fast enough .
now explain that to me and then yell at me some more about leaving the country ! ''
xenides and rahim were behind the attempts on the president and the secretary of state and arranged the bombings in l.a . and several foreign countries .
we can help the country , you and i . ''
i 'd never been anywhere near france before ; i 'd lived in oklahoma all my life and the closest i 'd gotten to a foreign country was mexico .
of course , our names were different then but we adopted france as our country after a time .
keep your shirt on , the blast sent me into another country , i think , i returned , my mental voice a little shaky .
` ` actually , you 're a big part of the reason we 're making such a lengthy trip - you accounted for quite a few packmaster replacements across the country . ''
after poland became a country , he 'd settled there for a time and changed his name .
` ` you know , it 's nice when the entire country goes out of its way for you . ''
a map of sol - earth replaces the terrifying man , and the outline of a small country flashes , inviting me to tap on it and learn more .
it seemed massive then , giant , like a whole country in a theme park , but i realize with a shock that cinderella 's castle would fit in this metal bubble , and that this level is easily fifty times bigger than the whole magic kingdom .
the cause of the war was that two races could not live in one country .
i do n't want her knowing that i hardly remember the names of sol - earth 's major countries , let alone the fact that its inhabitants could speak the same language and still manage to sound different .
` ` i have been to many countries , '' emma says , changing topics abruptly .
the librarians control the information in this city - in this whole country .
occasionally , while infiltrating the hushlands , i run across enterprising young people who want to resist librarian control of their country .
either that or the name of a country populated entirely by two donkeys .
they ' ve been besieged for months now , their country at war for years .
not all librarians in the hushlands are from english - speaking countries .
i ' m ashamed to see my country the way the french must see us .
he 'll still be on the other side of the country for nationals . ''
danny is in guidebook country .
but the jews , newly arrived from germany and eastern european countries , could n't pronounce the soft j and instead called it geto .
he tells her he loves to be working in a country where the phrase ` ` all the oil you need '' can be owned .
he vows never to rent a car in a foreign country again .
maybe that 's because it 's a foreign country .
let 's face it : that 's how most of the country is .
` ` definitely a jumbo cup of the country 's best yogurt , '' lindsay echoes .
by the time we left the country 's best yogurt , they were gone , and we only saw them again briefly at the smokers ' lounge .
in the country 's best yogurt , lindsay and i both get heaping cups of double chocolate with crushed peanut butter cups , and i add sprinkles and cap'n crunch cereal .
the whole thing - the day , the fight in the country 's best yogurt , the almost - bust , the idea of lindsay crouching somewhere in the woods in her skirt and new steve madden boots - strikes me as so funny i have to clap my hand over my mouth to keep from laughing .
` ` are we going to the country 's best yogurt or what ? ''
lindsay asks on the way to the country 's best yogurt .
` ` i traded it for some magic beans and the dictatorship of a small middle eastern country . ''
i ' m sure that both the royal navy and the country itself are devastated .
amy says that in the country , this custom is not just for fun - though i do find it great , glorious fun to be crammed in the back of a crowded sleigh , wrapped up in mufflers and scarves , thigh to thigh with randall , his arm around my shoulders , all of us singing at the tops of our lungs , our breath , puffs of white fog in the cold winter 's night .
if i can never go back to my own country , well , so be it .
rose is one of the girls from the country .
` ` it was back in the old countries - greece and rome and egypt - the places where things got started up in the old days .
but new york is on the other side of the country from sacramento .
on the screen a correspondent reports on a politician who got caught cheating on his wife with their kid 's nanny ... who 's in the country illegally .
` ` why would you want that , when you can do something that will be wide - released into hundreds of theaters across the country and across the world , will make you crazy famous , sell a ton of dvds in a few months , and when all is said and done will earn you a ton of money ? ''
` ` let me guess - you told him you 're moving across the country to go to school , so you ca n't imagine a relationship between you going anywhere - something like that - and he got pissed .
getting any from a regular source , or stil breaking hearts and bal s al over the country ? ''
i do n't fol ow hol ywood gossip even when i ' m in la , but the whole country was speculating over the date - or whatever it was - you two had a couple of weeks ago .
there are too many girls in his social circle , in this city , in this country , for us to avoid them all .
we have seen a foreign country .
voyants had tried to leave the country before , mostly heading for america , but few made it .
` ` they have lives in their country , jax .
he has been given money and instructions to conduct some business for me when he is in that country .
` ` how did you get to this country ? ''
perhaps someday i shall donate it to the american national museum , should this country ever get around to having such a place .
and i shall be on her , and quit this unhappy country !
he is a walking example of why our country is such a strange and unbelievable place .
i know people always talk about living in the middle of nowhere - there 's always another place ( some city , some foreign country ) they 'd rather be .
our janitorial staff is one of the richest in the country because of their day - trading skills .
the other paul is in another country .
` ` darlin ' , it 's a free country . ''
although my father 's parents were born and buried in another part of the country , all of my mother 's family is buried here .
every collegiate program in the country wants the kid . ''
` ` i ' ve met coach k a half - dozen times , '' russ says , as if coach k were just any old person and not the head of perhaps the best collegiate basketball program in the country .
i ' ve lived in new york , different parts of california , dallas , miami , and even in several countries in europe for a few years . ''
he had to run away to the other side of the country just to avoid me ? !
` ` i mean , i ' m leaving for college soon , so better reconnect now than when i ' m across the country , right ? ''
sara 's heart was being torn out of her chest in another country , without me there to console her .
he could have been some kind of american movie star , from before they invented technicolor , or maybe royalty , from some small country nobody had ever heard of around here .
you have ta see it for yourself , and every one a you kids should , because the same country that fought together in the american revolution for independence , turned clear against itself in the war . ''
we wo n't tolerate the violence at jackson that has plagued the city schools in this country .
that 's when savannah - who clearly did n't realize she was dancing with a heartbroken guy whose hopes and dreams of true love and record deals and rv parks across the country had just been shattered - moved in for the kill .
aunt prue opened her pocketbook and pulled out a faded map , covered with shapes that did n't represent any continent , country , or state i 'd ever seen .
my face is plastered across every sleazy rag in the country , with me looking like the world 's biggest hypocrite !
` ` do you really think someone would fly halfway across the country to steal your purse ?
you and every other warm blooded female in the country . ''
there 's nothing like a bunch of catty teenagers who could either kick your ass halfway across the country or set you on fire with a mere thought .
` ` i do n't even like to be in the same country as seth .
i ca n't believe my country would do such a thing , but then i ca n't believe that the child that was me was tossed out into the streets of london with no help nor mercy nor christian kindness .
` ` she is new to this country , your honor , '' says mr . pickering , ` ` and unacquainted with our customs .
it is important work , for napoleon intended to use his fleet to invade our country , and he has been thwarted in that attempt .
` ` saint - tropez is in a country , '' ridley had countered .
` ` i followed up leads , tracked the bastard across the country .
half the country 's on strike because of that thing the crown prince said about pippi longstocking .
every now and then i would picture her there , in a country i 'd only seen in her photo albums .
20 a country of ghosts akiva , hazael , and liraz walked among the dead angels .
you are lord of a country of ghosts , and that is all that you will ever be . ''
` ` it shall be a country of ghosts , i promise you that .
a country of corpses .
and ever since , joram had been delivering on the promise he had made : a country of ghosts , indeed .
and then , at the top of the hill , they got their first glimpse of the hintermost : hazed by distance and impossibly huge , their snowy peaks merging with the clouds like some white country of the air .
` ` to appear before his eminence , joram the unconquered , first citizen of the empire of seraphim , protector of eretz , father of legions , prince of light and scourge of darkness , chosen of the godstars , lord of ashes , lord of char , lord of a country of ghosts- '' hazael grabbed the scroll to see if the last three were really written there , which they were not , and it was he who continued reading .
when she had dreamed together with akiva of the world remade , she had believed that he would bring his people forward as she would somehow bring hers - as if the future were some country they could meet in , a land with different rules , where the past might be overcome - or overlooked ? -like a seraph knuckle tally erased from the skin .
` ` how are there even people in this country ?
she had n't said she would leave the country .
the misbegotten dream of a country of ghosts , the chimaera of a tomb filled with the souls of their loved ones .
his navel was rimmed with dark hair , a fact everyone knew because girls all over the country already had him pasted to their walls .
beyond that is open ocean - and beyond that , all the crumbling countries and cities ruined by the disease .
but so far , the government has failed to rid the country of the invalids , and it is the single blemish on the administration , and the system in general .
svs is the secure validation system , a computer network where all the valid citizenships , for every single person in the entire country , are stored .
but i know that the wilds extend back , go on for miles and miles and miles all through the mainland , all across the country , like a monster reaching its tentacles around the civilized parts of the world .
well , the borders are like hats and scarves and winter coats for the whole country !
but he explains that there are thousands and thousands of settlements all around the country .
there are thousands and thousands of them , all across the country .
` ` they have n't killed us yet , '' i say , and i imagine that one day i will fly a plane over portland , over rochester , over every fenced - in city in the whole country , and i will bomb and bomb and bomb , and watch all their buildings smoldering to dust , and all those people melting and bleeding into flame , and i will see how they like it .
i ' m startled by the reference to a brother ; i ' ve never heard one mentioned before , never seen his image on dfa materials or in the word , the country 's newspaper .
and someday - unless the resistance succeeds and takes the country back - the planes and the fires will find him .
so the scavengers come and act like animals , and the dfa shows the whole country how terrible we are without the cure , how important it is to get everyone treated for deliria immediately .
for a moment , despite the rain and the desperate scrabbling of my heart in my chest , i ca n't help but stand there , amazed by the elegance of it : a world of beautiful , buzzing things , humming electricity , and remote controls , while half the country flounders in dark and closeness , heat and cold , sucking up shreds of power like dogs picking gristle from a bone .
` ` the whole country , '' my mother corrects her .
on a day like today , it seems impossible to imagine that half the country is blighted by the rise of insurgents ; that invalids are running like sewage through portland , spreading a message of passion and violence .
` ` what you 're seeing now are aerial images from all over the country , where our troops have been deployed to hunt down the last harborers of the disease ... ... '' for the first time , it strikes me that lena is , in all probability , dead .
i wo n't allow it anymore ; i wo n't watch my city , my country , be consumed from inside .
this is a civilized country .
but we are completely cut off - from news of what has happened in waterbury and what is happening in the rest of the country .
as in the earlier incidents , in cities all across the country , sympathizers and invalids are gathering and channeling their anger and their energy into displays of resistance .
` ` we live in the greatest country on earth .
it showed no border wall around the united states , and it featured other countries too : more countries than i had ever imagined , a vast world of damaged , broken places .
it showed no border wall around the united states , and it featured other countries too : more countries than i had ever imagined , a vast world of damaged , broken places .
i ' ve heard rumors that mr . and mrs . hargrove have close ties to the president of deliria - free america , one of the most powerful anti - deliria groups in the country .
eight years of living in the wilds and four of working actively with the resistance , and i ' ve learned that half the country 's security is for show .
he 's leaving the country .
she was a f**king princess in some other country .
my parents were dead , and my brothers had been shipped off to different parts of the country . ''
because one morning you could wake up on the other side of the country .
maybe she was in this country illegally .
had it been the right thing to do to not ask to know anything about her , beyond that she was healthy and living across the country ?
he barely remembered that drive across the country , a frantic , scattered four days of highways and sad , generic motels , maxing out his credit card , throwing his cell phone , which kept ringing , out the window at one point , watching it disappear in the side mirror .
` ` all to get to this country and have what we all take for granted . ''
we drove all the way to the other side of the country , to the beautiful , but very humid , state of maryland .
it was designed to destroy a city , and its parent weapon , a country .
i ' m from his country .
for the last four or five years he 'd been gone a lot , traveling the country and wining and dining doctors and hospital execs as a pharmaceutical sales rep .
with the superhuman speed they flew at it came as no surprise when ari felt her body take a dip hours before a plane would arrive across country .
when they flee the country , the hunter follows them until the next country has been alerted and can take over the hunt with one of their own guild .
he had n't exactly been forgiving , though , and had shipped him to a boarding school across the country for a semester .
safe houses were set up around the country for men to get their families out of the line of fire .
` ` the problem is you ' ve been around some of the most dangerous men in the country .
dr . demarco spent every weekend in chicago while dominic prepared for college , since he would graduate in a few months and head across the country with tess .
it started with one man making a spectacle of the lifestyle and escalated to a clash that spread throughout the country .
` ` of course they looked for her , but more than two thousand kids go missing in this country every day .
haven bought postcards at the store to send to tess and dominic across the country , and she set up an email account to keep in touch with them .
but while they had been busy maintaining control of a chaotic chicago , clashing with the russians while dealing with a long - standing irish feud , their new york counterparts had spread throughout the country .
` ` you 'll be in a room with some of the most dangerous men in the country , '' corrado said , noticing the question in his expression .
i come from a religious family , my pop 's a devout roman catholic , just like my granddad back in the old country , but me ?
while all this was happening , haven and carmine were across the country , safe and sound in the tiny ghost town of blackburn .
everyone was forced into the middle of our country , which caused chaos , of course , and required military law and a new sort of totalitarian government .
and yet all of these adults - the sons and daughters and grandchildren of our world war ii heroes - get on metaphorical death trains anyway , even though we beat the nazi fascists a long time ago and , therefore , every american is free to do anything at all here in this supposedly great free country .
it 's a check to help aid the freedom fighters in your country . ''
i bet there are people in iran who are happier than i am - who wish to keep living there regardless of who is in charge politically , while i ' m miserable here in this supposedly free country and just want out of this life at any cost .
after all , most potential students never make it past the ` ` we are not accepting applications at this time '' speech they get whenever they call or write ; you have to be turned down by every prep school in the country before you actually drive all the way to roseville , hoping that an in - person visit will change our minds .
i attend the best school in the country .
sometimes the sexism in this country amazes me , but then i remembered that society 's tendency to underestimate women is a gallagher girl 's greatest weapon , and i consoled myself by remembering how it had taken less than two seconds for me to level josh flat and hard onto the pavement .
courtney bauer 's legend said that she was the princess of a small european country , so every few minutes her royal highness would insist on dancing with grant , who was supposed to be an infamous playboy who owed a great deal of money to the russian mob , and therefore was hiding from kim lee , who was supposed to be the illegitimate daughter of a russian mobster .
i had to dance with zach goode ( after all , a gallagher girl always has to be prepared to sacrifice for her country ) .
she was about to be the belle of the country 's biggest ball .
probably every girl in the country would have traded places with her , but i saw the misery in her eyes as she stood lost inside that massive space , and i knew why i was there .
tina is a teenage girl , and a spy - in - training , and the only daughter of one of the country 's premiere gossip columnists , so it 's not surprising that she has crazy theories .
the eyes of the painting behind us flashed green , and a mirror slid aside , revealing the elevator to the most secret classrooms of the most secret school in the country .
parts of the footage had been shown in an almost continual loop on every tv in the country for days , but as with most things we gallagher girls do , there was a lot more to the story , and that day we were seeing the uncensored version .
after all , there we were , locked inside the safest place in the country , and yet she was already bleeding .
` ` hey , macey , '' he said , as if he fell out of ceilings and into the private chambers of the most highly protected girl in the country every day .
if macey was going crazy living in the most secure building in the country , with aunt abby as her security detail , then the son of a presidential candidate had to be going out of his mind .
running about the country on her own ... '' ` ` you do n't get it , do you ? ''
` ` she also has the most famous face in the country right now , ms . morgan , '' he told me , not a hint of worry in his voice .
` ` if i had the most recognizable face in the country and two disguises in my possession , no way i 'd travel all the way to europe without using one of them . ''
maybe it was the vehicle i was driving ( dodge minivans with state - of - the art engines are n't exactly common , you know ) , or maybe it was the fact that the most famous girl in the country was in the backseat in a red wig , but i felt anything but invisible as we turned down streets lined with news vans and secret service barricades .
governor winters himself passed by just then - and i knew we were in the middle of one of the most secure places in the country , and yet something hung in the air as my mother said , ` ` i need to talk to cammie a- '' i ' m not sure what my mother would have said - what she would have told me - but she never had a chance to finish , because in the next instant a cry of ` ` there you are '' went through the room .
1 ) being on the run in a foreign country is enough to make a girl seriously miss our awesome chef 's cooking .
` ` my friend shows up on your doorstep in a foreign country , exhausted and alone , and you did n't think ' hey , maybe i should drop macey a line ' ? ''
lincoln was dead by someone else 's hand , and the country was recovering from a brutal war .
but as soon as macey 's father 's jet began its descent over the tiny airport on the country 's western coast , i was certain i was seeing it for the first time .
the temperature and altitude alone make this maybe the hardest target in the country .
` ` king najeeb may be living in exile , but he 's still incredibly popular in his home country .
` ` the school is one of the most secure buildings in the country . ''
why do these people want to kill me for the sake of a country i ' ve never even seen ? ''
` ` these people do n't care about you or your country .
stepping toward it was like approaching a window into another country , another century .
` ` well , technically , five schools - three countries . ''
` ` he was the first to come to this country , i believe .
karen laughed at that question and explained that , with enough money and the right connections , i was conveniently ` ` adopted '' from out of the country and obtained my citizenship when i was seven .
` ` are you leaving the country tomorrow ? ''
you know , that little country in the middle east that causes so much controversy .
i ' ve heard of middle east countries where american kids are taken and are n't allowed to leave .
great , my life is over , i ' m going to be stuck in this third world country for the rest of my days ... which are probably numbered now .
` ` israel does n't look anything like a third world country , '' i say .
` ` i feel like i could scan the whole country from up here . ''
after that , i want to show you my country . ''
` ` yeah , well that was before i got sucked into going to a country infested with ferragamo - stealing mutts and flying spiders . ''
` ` do n't you dare judge my country .
` ` yeah , well , do n't judge my country either , '' i say back .
i am my country .
looking down the mountain and trying to understand how the jews ... my ancestors ... felt with the strong roman warriors at the bottom , i realize this country has been a war zone since the beginning of time .
he directs the question to me , but avi says , ` ` after the summer she goes back to her country .
this time , i ' m planning a two - week - long camping trip throughout the country .
a perfect boyfriend would n't be living in another country .
` ` he just came to this country five months ago , '' i argue .
but mrs . moore is obsessed with vibrant class discussions on the president , his policies , and making sure we all know what 's going on in this great country of ours .
we have the best restaurants in the entire country , the largest portions , and probably one of the highest obesity rates .
we have lincoln park zoo , one of the only free zoos in the country and the harold washington library , which is the largest of its kind in the world .
we have three of the tallest buildings in the world and the best food in the entire country , which includes pizza , sushi , hot dogs , and italian beef .
the tour starts out with the boot camp , then the rest of the summer is spent exploring and touring the country .
we spend the next two hours listening to her talk about the state of israel and the countries that surround it .
the rest of the seven girls in our barracks are from different states scattered around the country , although two are actually from canada and i want to laugh every time they say the word ` ` about '' because it comes out as ` ` ah - boot . ''
the land of israel mimics the citizens of its country .
how can they know the truth -- that some of the countries surrounding them would like nothing better than to destroy their country -- and still live carefree lives ?
the country has been through their share of wars since they were recognized by the un in 1948 , but i ca n't imagine my grandmother wearing an army uniform or carrying a gun .
respect for your country , your enemies , and your comrades .
` ` it 's the best footbal team in the country . ''
` ` it 's the best footbal school in the country . ''
and i ca n't stand to miss a game - i ' ve got ta prove to alabama that i ' m the best high school quarterback in the country , and that when i join their team , they should let me play .
i think back to when mike was a senior , and just about every team in the whole freaking country cal ed him .
` ` if i manage to save enough money this summer , i 'll take a road trip across the country . ''
horses die every week at racetracks all over the country , and when i hear about it , i want to punch something .
special schooling does n't come cheap , especially when farms are declining all over the country .
the tabs on the files were labeled by hand , and i wondered if coldwater high was the last school in the country not computerized .
what would happen when i followed my dream job to the other side of the country ?
` ` new hampshire is god 's country , '' he murmured appreciatively .
` ` he 's probably halfway across the country by now . ''
juilliard was across the country .
then ` ` bridge '' catapulted onto the charts , and soon after the entire album was climbing to the number - one album slot on itunes , which in turn made every walmart in the country stock it , and soon it was bumping lady gaga off the number - one spot on the billboard charts .
fourteen countries , thirty - nine cities , a few hundred hours on a tour bus .
the last i 'd heard of her , she was having a freak - out that kim was going to school across the country , which , kim had said , was precisely the point .
and then there 's the fact that kim 's a nice jewish girl in a very muslim country . ''
a half sister i have n't seen in years , and not because she 's busy or married or across the ocean in some other country .
sadly , i can not go traipsing across the country whenever i please , pet - i have obligations here that make that impossible . ''
they were on the other side of the country before the police finally caught them . ''
` ` one of the biggest goblin markets in the country comes to new orleans every month , on the night of the full moon . ''
of course the irony that , not only was i here , i was here looking for the biggest goblin market in the country , a place where thousands of fey would converge to bargain and make deals , was n't lost on me .
you can walk from one end of the country to the other in a few minutes , if you know where you 're going and if you can find a place where the veil is almost transparent . ''
i got you the best doctors in the country , and you endanger all that to go running off with this ... boy , and land yourself in the hospital . ''
` ` someone who lives outside of their native country .
not in an entirely different country . ''
` ` a guy picks up a girl hitchhiking in a faraway country .
and then he goes on to tell me about how so much of the country was reclaimed from the sea , about riding your bike along the low embankments that keep the water out of holland .
they are danish , retirees , and every year , they tell us , they rent a barge and cruise a european country for four weeks .
and they ask about paris , and i tell them about what i saw last year , and they 're very interested to hear how diverse it was , about the sections that were full of africans and then this starts a big debate about which african countries france colonized until someone goes for a map to figure it out .
the digits swim on the page and i ' m not sure if i have the country code right or if i dialed correctly .
when i was younger , the lively multi - ethnic area where daniel lived , right across from the treasures of the albert cuyp street market , seemed like another country from the quiet outer canal where we lived .
even the clematis that saba had planted- '' because even a cloud - soaked country needs shade '' -which had once run riot over the deck , had gone shriveled and brown .
they rejected his proposal , but they offered him a job traveling around the country as their consultant .
it 's a free country , dad .
once a week he scours the internet for six , seven , eight hours at a time to update a list of available homes around the country that fit his criteria : isolated , rural , immediate availability .
even when we were on a train and the countries zipped past the window like trees , we 'd always change our names , if just for a few hours .
' and you think you 're with the hottest girl in the state , maybe in the country , maybe even on earth .
the garde move a lot , city to city , country to country , their movements unpredictable .
i ' m so f**king glad i live in this country ! ''
i remembered how , when i was little , there was a baby girl who fell in a well , and it was like the whole country held its breath until they got her out .
before i leave the country , i wanted to let you know that it was really good to see you at claire 's party .
it 's amazing to live in a divided country .
it certainly was half a country ago .
i ' m beginning to wonder if this idea of mine was a good one - this country is just so damned huge .
this whole country is a madhouse , as far as i am concerned , and i am sick of it .
was gon na make us a new country , but me and a feller named shay could n't come to terms on what to name it , so the rebellion fizzled . ''
` ` to think we could be traveling through the country of finklandia right now . ''
then the little judge got up again and must ' ve been consumed with his own eloquence , 'cause he said , ' mike , there 's gon na be a big card game tomorrow and all the local sports 'll be there , a - sittin ' at a big ol ' table ' neath the big oak in the town square , and thar 'll be piles o ' money on the table and around that table will be the best gamblin ' men in the country .
i ' ve found that there 's lots of crazy cults that call themselves christian in this country , that 's for sure .
wonder why that is with the americans - they 're so wildly optimistic about their burgeoning country , yet their songs are so sad and lonesome ?
it is also fun to play with my little piglet , whom i have named pretty saro after the song that tells of a poor immigrant who comes to this country and , i reckon , that speaks to my case .
when first to this country a stranger i came , i placed my affections on a handsome young dame , she was lissome and lovely and light in her frame , and saro , pretty saro , was her given name .
` ` yes , mr . fortescue , for your crimes against the good people of this country , you shall , indeed , walk the plank .
and this indian girl has even seen the pacific ocean on the other side of this massive country .
and you listen to what them two got to say when you 're back in injun country .
there are mirrors and combs , of course , always a big hit with girls , no matter who they are or from what country , and yards and yards of ribbon to tie back their hair .
the village continues to buzz with excitement , with much sparking going on twixt the boys and girls , same as it ever was , no matter what the country or who the people .
a country breeds a better sort of bastard that way , '' he says , blowing a perfect smoke ring .
` ` so the old man bought me this commission in the dragoons , knowing i 'd be shipped out of the country , tout de suite , and so i was .
i have had a long journey down through this country on the allegheny , ohio , and mississippi rivers , and though the travel was hard , i do not regret the trip , for i learned much about myself in the process .
i did not even know when i sailed for that damnable country what the bloody things were .
america is still an astonishingly uncivilized country .
here in this shadow country , our tinny voices scratch like a fly 's wing against unmoving air .
situated on the north shore of lake of the woods near the border of ontario and manitoba , the area around modern - day kenora was known in the native tongue as wauzhushk onigum - literally the ` ` portage to the country of the muskrat , '' from which rat portage derived its name .
` ` i have had my fill lately of undiscovered countries . ''
` ` it is a letter of acceptance to exeter academy , one of the most prestigious preparatory schools in the country , william .
william was born in america but immigrated to this country when he was twenty to study medicine - at the university of ... '' he was drawing a blank .
` ` there is an old saying in my country , walaalo , '' awaale said at one point .
` ` oh , she 's a capital girl , not anything like the girls from my country .
` ` it is why i left my country .
i repay the debt i owe him , for bringing me and my friends to this great country , and how do i repay ?
you 're in yankee country . ''
that my own country saw fit to betray me and brand me a pirate , well , i ca n't say anything to that . ''
` ` if i do hang , bliffil , i will leave this world knowin ' i did what i could to lead a virtuous life , tryin ' to do my best for my service , my country , and my friends .
` ` my country ?
my country ? ''
my country ?
boswell 's life of johnson has also eluded me since i ' ve been away from my country for so long .
i do what i must to help my friends and my country .
i know how hard it is for him to say the name of that city he has been taught from birth to hate , and that in naming it he is branded a traitor to his own country .
he is still a loyal frenchman and will fight for his country , no matter what .
most from the south of your country , but one other from the north .
` ` it is a big country , m'sieur , '' i say with a certain amount of dread .
you have served me and your country well , and now it is ended .
` ` we are accustomed now , in this country , in this time , to celebrate what we have .
he had just moved to this country .
` ` no point in running all over the country when i know where i want to be . ''
what happened to your job at the country club ? ''
he bets she 's a groupie of the giants ' first - string goalie , dale jacoby , who bragged about the number of girls he dated and screwed in the locker rooms of various rinks around the country .
one on the other side of the country . ''
it was a local news channel 's wet dream : a pretty rich girl , lost in one of the safest upper - class towns in the country .
was a country full of weird , pale vikings who were all related to one another worthy of her elizabeth and james high - heeled booties ?
noel 's features hardened , as though he was about to launch into his ` ` she 's in a foreign country and you should be more sensitive '' speech again .
and then there was what had happened on that trip , something that had more or less ruined aria 's memories of the country forever .
and olivia 's phone was n't ringing because she was out of the country .
right now , the girls were supposed to be poolside at the rosewood country club , ogling cute guys who went to their elite private school , rosewood day .
` ` it 's the best in the country , '' her father said .
if she called spencer , hanna , or aria , they 'd tell her she was crazy for thinking ali was alive and for following a 's instructions to go to amish country .
` ` i ... '' it felt like ali had been plopped into a foreign country without any knowledge of the language .
moving to iceland , figuring out a new country , that really helped me , but it was because of your father that we went there .
` ` magical , '' aria said softly , though when she opened her mouth to wax poetic about iceland , all she could think about was her last trip to the country , the one she 'd taken with noel , mike , and hanna - the one she never wanted to think about again .
authorities suspect she is trying to flee the country .
as long as i stay in another country , though , i 'll be safe .
there were tons of posts about the country that said it was easy - going , clean , affordable , and accepting .
they could go shopping in the thai markets , travel to remote and amazing villages , make pilgrimages to other countries .
what did aria see in this country ?
colombia , the country . ''
and it was because of noel that jordan had to swan - dive off the top deck , risk those treacherous seas , escape the country forever .
and besides , everyone in this stupid country knows who i am . ''
and you do n't need to go to some faraway country to be happy .
maybe her dad had arranged to get her out of the country early .
` ` all of the girls must leave the country tomorrow .
hanna glanced over her shoulder for mike , wanting to spend every remaining second with him before she had to leave the country , but all she saw were angry faces .
newspaper articles about alison returning to rosewood , alison going missing after the poconos fire , and alison sightings all over the country were plastered on the walls as well , certain lines of text highlighted , other things circled with red pen .
melissa and ian had broken up because he 'd moved across the country to go to college at berkeley .
the golden orchid was the most prestigious essay contest in the country , the high school essay equivalent of an oscar .
hundreds of people were nominated , from the best high schools all over the country .
the university of arizona was one of the best swimming schools in the country .
` ` we could do stuff after school , go to rive gauche every night , dress up and crash the holiday party at the rosewood country club ... '' lucas bit his lip .
` ` we 're going to steal all the presents under the big tree at the rosewood country club .
she pulled out her phone and looked at the picture of herself and the elves gathered around the barren christmas tree inside the country club .
after a few minutes of exchanging musical tastes and getting aria 's general impressions of reykjavik , hallbjorn had insisted on showing her around the country .
i hid out at a friend 's , but then i realized i had to get out of the country .
in this country , he 'd probably get a slap on the wrist and probation .
he only arrived in this country a few days ago , fleeing from police custody in iceland .
even weirder , the country had been infected with a mania .
kids across the country had reported receiving texts from someone called a , all of which ended up being from jilted ex - boyfriends or jealous classmates .
the waitress delivered their drinks , and mike and xavier chattered on about all the other things they hated about iceland : that one of the country 's delicacies was rotten shark .
she , ali , and the others had spent every day of that first summer they were friends around the country club pool , ogling the older lifeguards .
they obviously caught up with their daughter and are hiding in another country . ''
i hate the country .
as i open my mouth , preparing to ask , the door opens , and the country club 's manager steps in .
when it comes down to it in a battle , you are not fighting for king and country , or for emperor and empire .
i reflect that , while i have given hundreds of shows , on two continents and in many countries , this is actually the very first time that jaimy has seen me in full performance .
i look over the green and peaceful - seeming country .
he is a small man with a large mustache , and wears the loose white linen suit so favored in this country .
` ` true , i owe allegiance to my country , and i honor my word .
i was nine when they declared a state of national emergency and the country went to martial law , trying to contain the damage .
you could cross the whole country in just three hours if you took the flying carriage into the sky . ''
the reckoners could n't fight every epic in the country on our own .
as joel stood on that sidewalk intersection , he could pick out dozens of members of the country 's elite .
lady montrose is at present in the country .
so anyway , we have a prime minister and a cabinet , and everyone eighteen and over in the country votes for members of parliament . ''
` ` well , no country , '' i said , rather unsure of my ground here .
apart from the fact that belgium is such a wildly exotic country .
when my mother met monsieur po - face and wanted to leave this country , of course the guardians objected .
i 'll never feel at home in a country where it rains for twenty - four hours on end . ''
he 's new to this country and this school , and he does n't know anyone yet . ''
` ` i ' m penelope gray from ... from the country .
` ` whether you are from the country or not , your behavior is most improper . ''
as is only right , considering all you have done for the country . ''
even though they came over to this country , and they love it here , they pretty much think everything american is evil .
my parents the general population has been distributed across what 's left of the country .
airplanes took people across the country in a matter of hours .
inside was a bucket filled with coins so worn it was impossible to tell their denominations , or what country they had come from .
it was so worn there was no way of telling what kind of coin it was , what country it had come from , or what year it was made .
i 'd always believed in every kind of freedom and it amazed me that up here , in the heart of savage country , people were freer and more loving than anywhere else .
people who went to foreign countries for the entire summer between college semesters .
gbg was a truck driver and used to make these long hauls across the country , and mom used to go nuts for road trips , so whenever she did n't want to be left alone without gbg , she 'd have one of the bus driving subs cover her route for a week or so and she 'd let me skip school to ride across the country with gbg in his big old red tractor - trailer truck , which he called melissa .
it was all about how we were proud to be americans and were thankful for whatever our fill - in - the - blank veteran had done in whatever fill - in - the - blank war in which they had fought , and that while we would never understand what they endured for our country , we appreciated the benefits of american citizenship - what they fought to protect .
and then i told him all sorts of stuff about my life : how my dad took off on me before i could even speak , and how i sometimes get lonely , but i am very loyal and would make a good pen pal if he were interested in writing someone who appreciated the sacrifices he made for our country back in ' nam , but understood if he did n't want to talk about all of that - i just wanted him to know that americans like me welcome him home now , and shame on anyone who made him feel otherwise , back in the day .
and if you had n't fought for our country in vietnam , if you had n't been in the jungle for a year or whatever , i 'd call you a bad name right now !
and although they were well on their way to recovery after a revolution that had happened over twenty years ago , there was still an oppressiveness that settled on the country 's inhabitants .
if it was n't the bill that made her go ballistic , it would surely be my spur of the moment trip across an ocean to a third world country after i was specifically forbidden not to by more than one authority .
i felt defensive until i realized he did n't even know we were in the same country .
` ` no , we need to get you out of the country immediately .
` ` like you said , the gypsies you encountered were scared of you and i think that is the general rule across the country .
beautiful girls danced on pedestals , and immortals of every race , color and country celebrated together to the sounds of worldwide hits mixed into dance beats .
it just happens to be one of the larger , nicer estates in the country . ''
` ` well , that 's why i called jericho , '' xander stood up next to jericho who had yet to sit back down after hearing the news that he was in the same country as avalon .
i thought it strange though that dmitri now governed north america after spending his entire life alternating between the baltic countries .
i had felt her since she entered the country hours ago .
` ` there is a big difference between the livestock farms from your country and hunting in order to feed a village of hungry children , '' she replied snidely .
when no one asked any immediate questions i continued , ` ` she could not give me any specific details or even a country or place where these visions originated from , but she could say that whoever is plotting to take over this kingdom has been at it for a while , and they will not stop until they have the throne , '' i paraphrased .
latvia was not a wealthy country and the estate of terletov seeped with old money .
even i had to do a double take at their intensity now that we were in his home country .
` ` my brother somehow managed to bring her into this country without any clothes of her own .
the architecture was all antiquated european with buildings on every corner that were older than the united states had been a country .
but she managed to make no sound as she crept down the hallway , gazing at the simple black and white photos of what she could only determine was the surrounding country .
he probably would have had a search party out scouring the country if lucien had n't given him a direct order to leave you alone . ''
phoebe maclachlan did n't know rose bronson ; their packs were on different sides of the country .
jeez , the whole country can probably feel my heart spluttering in abject horror !
how curious kirios became as he wandered his home country , encountering members of the daylight coven and hiding from midnight .
she glanced at ander , who was watching her with a focus that made her feel nude , and she wondered if he knew this country as well as she did , if he knew that in two weeks farmers would appear on tractors to sever cane stalks at their base , leaving them to grow for another three years into the mazes children ran through .
bodrum was a port city in the southwestern corner of the country .
we keep this country and this kingdom safe . ''
` ` i like to think that i know everything that happens in ravka , and that if i had a sun summoner living in my own country , i 'd be aware of it . ''
along the wall , i could see heavily armed men at their posts , a grim reminder that for all its beauty , os alta was still the capital of a country that had long been at war .
even if we managed to get through the border country undiscovered , what were we supposed to do if we caught up with the herd ?
and you chose to turn your back on your country , on everything that you are . ''
it would devour whole countries and drive the darkling 's enemies into the sea .
but even in a strange country , mal found the way .
this was what a country looked like when it was n't under siege .
what was i good for in this strange country ?
` ` so you 'd sell your country to the darkling for a little gold ? ''
all the while , your country suffers . ''
i expected him to reply with some kind of joke , so i was surprised when he said , ` ` are you so eager to leave your country behind once again ? ''
all the while , your country suffers .
i 'd left my country to the mercy of the shadow fold , to a weak king and grasping tyrants like the darkling and the apparat .
and neither will your country .
he was ravkan , after all , and even if his exploits had lined his own pockets , they 'd probably done more to help his country than all of the feeble ravkan navy .
if you 'd stop and think for a minute , you 'd see it makes good sense for the country . ''
` ` if my father left the capital , it would be as good as handing the country over to the darkling now .
` ` what do i care what happens to this wretched country ?
` ` vasily 's lazy and vain , and he likes to take shortcuts , but there 's no easy way to govern a country .
` ` one is never too young to serve one 's country , '' vasily declared .
maybe he 's out of the country on business . ''
` ` the jump from april , '' she said , tapping the screen again , ` ` was triggered by an event that caught my attention during an earlier trip - american cities ' day , when about five thousand mayors from around the country visited the expo .
that was n't where connor had bought it , but i was pretty sure they sold them in new york and pretty much anywhere else in the country , although definitely not in 1893 .
i bring my finger up into view and admire my engagement ring , which cost under one hundred bucks and probably is n't considered an engagement ring by brides - to - be all over the country .
` ` we ' ve still got plenty in the bank , but traveling out of the country will definitely drain it quicker . ''
a lot of parents would completely reject the idea of traveling out of the country with a small child just to be traveling .
and when we arrived at that first destination , the moment we stepped off the plane and into a new country , it all became real .
we saw them all , spending the longest time , two months , in temuco , chile , and avoiding at all costs places known to be more dangerous to travelers , cities and even whole countries in any state of unrest .
sure , lily straightened us up a lot after she was born , but when we walked off the plane and felt the breeze on our faces , not only did i finally know that the air really does feel different in other countries , but we knew that it was for real .
my best friend is my cousin caroline but she 's traveling across the country with her dance troupe and i have n't talked to her in over a week which is sort of rare .
her cousin caroline traveled the country with her tribal dance group .
i imagine us in a needy country somewhere , living in squalor conditions but we 'll be the happiest and most in love people in the world . ''
emma ran her tongue over her teeth , her journalism - obsessed mind producing a headline : underage girls caught boozing at local country club .
emma whipped around as a blonde , col ege - age girl in a pink polo with the country club 's logo on the boob crossed the navajo - carpeted floor .
` ` not that there 'd be anything to worry about in a foreign country as your family plays a deadly game of hide and seek with a band of inheritors intent on evading us .
the way the man dressed , you 'd think he did n't have a mutual fund that could take a dump on a small country 's annual gdp .
this was n't going into a country of hostiles armed with semi - automatics and desperation , this was n't infiltrating the world 's most dangerous alliance of inheritors , this was n't even going up against a man twice my size in a hand - to - hand battle , this was weaving my way through a bleary - eyed brood of stanford 's finest and escorting a woman i cared about away from here .
` ` now that you ' ve got me convinced that we ' ve got nothing more than a band of suit wearing monkeys running the country , why do n't you get back to telling me everything you know about the stars ? ''
not that we were the mob , although there were definite connections , but in this area of the country , my family , exie 's and sloane 's were the top of the pyramid .
` ` childhood was a fantastic country to live in . ''
but his elegant , almond - shaped eyes suggested one of the countries in the distant southern continent .
she 'd heard of doneval - he was an immensely powerful businessman from melisande , a country far to the southwest , and one of adarlan 's newer conquests .
it was a river in her native country of terrasen that had almost claimed her life nine years ago - and now it seemed that whatever bargain she 'd struck with the gods that night was finally over .
` ` doneval ... , '' philip rasped , ` ` ... loved his country ... '' he took a wet breath , hate and grief mingling in his eyes .
he and doneval had been working to- doneval loves his country , philip had said .
by midmorning they were within oakwald forest , the wood that surrounded endovier and served as a continental divide between the ` ` civilized '' countries of the east and the uncharted lands of the west .
` ` you have all been retrieved from across erilea for the purpose of serving your country . ''
nehemia , who might someday pose a threat to the king of adarlan 's rule over her home country when she ascended to the throne .
` ` eyllwe was n't the only country where that happened . ''
i know there are rumors about nehemia 's connection to the rebels in eyllwe , but ... but i 'd like to think that if my country was conquered , i would stop at nothing to win back my people 's freedom , too . ''
celaena was from terrasen - another conquered country , and his father 's first conquest .
you have a right to hate adarlan for seizing control of terrasen as it did - for taking all of the countries , and the country of your friend . ''
you have a right to hate adarlan for seizing control of terrasen as it did - for taking all of the countries , and the country of your friend . ''
nehemia loved eyllwe - that was certainly true - and celaena knew there was nothing nehemia would n't do to keep her country safe .
it was a sense of loyalty to his country that went beyond the man seated at the table .
the symbol of terrasen , elena 's home country .
the king kept things from him ; there were so many secrets , and perhaps he was little more than a puppet , part of the illusion that he was starting to see through ... ` ` you love your country , '' she said .
it was n't his home , not anymore , but if it meant getting celaena out of the country ... wendlyn was the last stronghold of the fae , and the one place in erilea where she 'd be truly safe .
with the embargo between their countries , wendlyn refused to let adarlanian men into their borders .
` ` she 'll never forgive you for having her shipped off like that , to take down a whole country .
` ` it did n't seem important at the time , but now that he 's come halfway across the country to go to same college as you , i think he qualifies as a person of interest . ''
so i ' m bouncing merrily on down the pier , gratefully suckin ' in the air of my own country once again , and there i see the captain and patience , who 's got our lovely little prudence cradled in her arm and my star pupil , increase , by her side .
the upper edge of the emerald 's hull , wherein lie the gunports , has been painted green to honor both her name and the country from which she sails .
` ` i do not like the present government of my country .
` ` i am sorry for your poor friends and for your poor country . ''
` ` so everything i did will be seen as piracy and i will go to the gallows , even though i sailed in all innocence , thinking only that i was doing good for king and country ? ''
no one on earth knows this part of the country better than tucker .
he went to serve his country .
because he loved his country too , i told my little voice mulishly .
that she would give up her home and family and college dreams and move across the country or even across the world to be with me .
` ` take david out of the country that night or something . ''
` ` i traveled across the country to find you - i ' m not letting you out of my sight . ''
so the rest of the country , and much of the world , took to recycling the kids it did n't want or need , and the arapache nation , along with all the rest of the american tribal congress , proclaimed , if not their independence , then their recalcitrance .
cook county juvenile temporary detention center , in chicago , the largest facility for juvenile incarceration in the country , is to be retrofitted with three operating rooms and a thirty - three member surgical staff .
` ` anyways , '' says cyfi , not missing a beat , ` ` this place was the first , but now we ' ve set up more than thirty revival communes across the country - and there 's more on the way . ''
i had thought you left the country , but you were far more clever than that .
` ` it had n't even been thought of when we perfected our techniques - but the heartland war was raging , and with school systems failing all over the country , feral teens were filling the streets in massive numbers .
i had wrung every bit of sensual enjoyment out of that tub , knowing full well it might prove to be the last real soaking the faber frame shall have for a good long while , in that we are debarking today to join up with the british army somewhere in the interior of this war - torn country , and bathtubs are a rare commodity when on bivouac .
i am only a poor girl who seeks to do her duty for her country . ''
i want to keep riding west till i leave this poor country , with all its grief and horror and misery , to what 's sure to be its unhappy future .
not a country for those looking for the lush life .
some dirt is rubbed over stubble on head and little maria once again becomes bold young jacques ... or juan ... or whatever it is in this country .
a tall man , mustachioed like many men in this country , and dressed in a suit and tie , goes to take his place at the head of the table .
where there is royalty , maybe there will be a chance to do my duty for king , country , and general wellesley ... and , possibly , opportunity for some mischief of my own .
` ` he has brought death and destruction to our poor country .
when i first got here , i was thinking of resting a bit , then stealing enough provisions to put me back on the road again , but i shortly changed my mind when i found that senor goya was court painter to the royalty of spain , and i might be able to gain some information that could be of use to my country ... or countries .
when i first got here , i was thinking of resting a bit , then stealing enough provisions to put me back on the road again , but i shortly changed my mind when i found that senor goya was court painter to the royalty of spain , and i might be able to gain some information that could be of use to my country ... or countries .
however , i will respond : in the past , our country has been conquered many times by powerful men at the head of powerful armies .
in my country it is the girl 's father who must come up with the cash .
may you roam the hills and valleys of your beautiful country to the end of your days . ''
there are a lot of men there right now , and if you toss in a lot of women , then you will have a multitude of children and then maybe you might even have a country someday .
his voice rings out ... from liverpool to glasgow a - rovin i went to stay in that country it was my intent , but girls and strong whiskey , like other damned fools , i soon was transported back to liverpool .
i do know that they have been talking about moving to mason , but i do n't think i could go that country !
he said it was for security purposes , and from all the talking on his cell he was doing , eden gathered he had people in high places misdirecting where his jet was taking off for so that if anyone ( cosmina , neith , or tribunal ) did successfully break through cyrus ' security , then they would end up heading for the wrong country .
it was weird , but being here , in a foreign country , without her parents dragging her down , without this ' thing ' inside of her , she felt a little on the side of normal for the first time .
i mean , our parents are helping with the apartments , but we 're driving across the country by ourselves .
i did n't want her help , but she said there 's no way she 'd let us drive across the country unless each of her boys had a phone .
i never felt like it was mine , but it almost feels as though i ' m trying to get into a foreign country without my passport .
meanwhile , the country spent more and more , and went further and further into debt .
and it is damn well as much my country as yours . ''
we watched more on the open news channel - the full spectrum of reactions , from celebration in some parts of the country to outbursts of hate in others .
white people were the majority in this country , and they seemed hell - bent on keeping it that way .
you can buy raspberries in any country in the world , on any day .
when a disaster happens - when an earthquake hits , or our country is under attack - we rally ourselves to be a great community .
the country 's painted green and we must cel - e - brate ! ''
if we can build our lives on the foundation of kindness and love , why ca n't we build our country on the same foundations ?
we as a country have always had ideals , and we should live by our ideals .
that was the thing about the decents - they were as possessive of the flag as they were of the country .
` ` i dare because my country allows me to , '' jimmy replied .
but that is n't what this country is about , and it is n't what i ' m about .
i knew there were tens of thousands of each of them , spread out across the country , all dressed in the same architecture and , it felt , pumped with the same air .
if you 're seeing me only as a politician or a mother or a daughter or a sister or a citizen of my town , my state , my country , my world - think again .
go home jew fags - this country is n't 4 u. i recoiled , tried to back away from them .
i stand here not only to protect the votes of each and every one of you who voted for me , but also to protect the country of each and every one of you who did n't .
how powerful it was to be in a country whose adjective was united .
` ` these are the most traditional values our country has ever had .
i pledge my life , my fortune , and my sacred honor to you , and thank you for the pledges you have made in return to me and to this country .
` ` she 's actually royalty from fregolia , a small country in europe .
they were in a country of thick forests and rushing rivers .
we is in giant country now !
i is the only nice and jumbly giant in giant country !
' this is giant country , ' the bfg said .
twenty - four feet is puddlenuts in giant country . '
' but do these disgusting giants go to every single country in the world ? '
' the country which a giant visits is depending on how he is feeling .
this is a sizzling - hot muckfrumping country we is living in .
' in your country , ' he said , ' i is hearing the footsteps of a ladybird as she goes walking across a leaf . '
they is not often coming to giant country . '
' in this sloshflunking giant country , happy eats like pineapples and pigwinkles is simply not growing .
' there never was any schools to teach me talking in giant country , ' the bfg said sadly .
journey to dream country after the mad frobscottle party was over , sophie settled herself again on top of the enormous table .
' i is not galloping to any human bean country , ' the bfg said .
they is careful not to be skididdling off to the same country too often .
she noticed immediately that they were now in an altogether paler country .
they were in a country of swirling mists and ghostly vapours .
' we is in dream country , ' the bfg said .
drivers is reading it while driving and cars is crashing all over the country .
' that is all the giants zippfizzing off to another country to guzzle human beans , ' the bfg said .
' that is al the giants zippfizzing off to another country to guzzle human beans , ' the bfg said .
' and then ... then the dream must say that when their tummies are full , they will go galloping back to giant country where no one can find them . '
' they is going back to the misty country to join up with proper dreams . '
they were in a green country now , with mountains and forests .
dark though it was , sophie could see that they were in a country of green fields with neat hedges in between the fields .
' we have some very good schools in this country . '
while all this was going on , sophie had been telling the queen everything , absolutely everything about her visit to giant country .
my whole country is in a panic ! '
' bfg , ' she said , ' can you tell us more or less where this giant country is ? '
' i is not having the foggiest idea where giant country is in the world , ' the bfg said , ' but i is always able to gallop there .
i is galloping forthwards and backwards from giant country every night to blow my dreams into little chiddler 's bedrooms .
the bfg had made thousands of journeys to and from giant country over the years , but he had never in his life made one quite like this , with nine huge helicopters roaring along just over his head .
' what is all you flushbunking rotsome half - baked beans doing in our country ? '
every earth - digger and mechanical contrivance in the country had been mobilized to dig the colossal hole in which the nine giants were to be permanently imprisoned .
the great bulging sack he had brought back with him from giant country lay at the top of the pit .
that he was still in the country of the norse folk , that he was in midgard .
' we came across it when i was just a baby , from the old country . '
so he started off from the dreadful wilds , and flew on and on until he came to the countries inhabited by men , where his appearance in the air created great consternation ; but he alighted nowhere , keeping up a steady flight until he reached the suburbs of the town which had his image on its church .
` ` i do n't know how you got in there , mr . wolf , or what you did ; but i want you to know you ' ve done your country a signal service . ''
she flipped through a book her mother was reading about native people in a distant country ; how every day they would take pieces of white silk and draw on them in wax , then dip the silks in dye , then draw on them more in wax and dye them some more , then boil the wax out in hot water , and then finally , throw the now - beautiful cloths on a fire and burn them to ashes .
in my country we would have put down a trap for it , maybe put down a little meat or hamburger , and when the creature comes to feast , then - bam ! -it would be caught and never bother us more .
romanian or slovenian or livonian , or one of those countries .
he 's body slammed enough people to start a new country .
` ` out of the country , if you must know .
while he were off defending his country , they were taking his birthright .
but england were a country without a king .
to scour the country for you ?
yes , you betrayed your loyalty to your country , to your king ?
told him to stay out of his country while he was away , and named his wee nephew his heir .
cotton cloth , linen , wool , following the mills as they built them out along to fall river , till that work dried up years ago , when this once - great country of ours got outsourced to india and owned by china .
that squid she ended up signing her life away to , max berger , could very likely buy a small country off all the money he 's made from the addison stone domain .
after addison died , there was a rumor lincoln had left the country to live in nepal .
we were in a strange country , with death and horror all around .
what i could n't say was that every time i 'd started reading one of my floppy , dog - eared cookbooks or visited some of my favorite gourmet websites , it had been like the language of a country i 'd studied but had never visited .
i 'd have been in a country where i did n't know the language and did n't have any friends , and far from my parents .
there are empty hands hostels and karate dojos all over the country .
chinese , hawaiian , some egyptian , plus a few ho - hum european countries .
` ` my plan 's to drive across the country .
she 'll call her mother later in the morning , as they cross each other in transit from opposite sides of the country .
we were in high , lonely country .
we are going to the high country . ''
` ` the country could be in danger , '' ziggy said .
` ` sadly , our plans do not involve placing your likeness in houses across the country , '' jonas said .
` ` you could flatten a mountain with your thumb , cause a tsunami with a flick of your wrist , or bash a country into oblivion with your fist . ''
this is fertile country . ''
` ` wrong country . ''
` ` some foreign country , i guess , '' cole said .
one perk of sambria is that over the years , shapers have laid down many roads and paths , even through wild and otherwise inaccessible country . ''
then you know the country our common speech is named after . ''
` ` the country before us is not being burned or plundered to starve us .
should you survive the trials ahead , you will be a husband without a wife , a father without a son , a hero without a quest , and a king without a country .
his parents had been perplexed that given all the media attention jason 's disappearance had received , nobody had noticed him wandering the country for months as an amnesiac .
ferrin and nedwin galloped away from the others to scout the country ahead .
it will amount to a long journey through dangerous country . ''
suddenly rachel could ride instead of hobble along , one scout could thoroughly explore the territory ahead , and another could effectively monitor the country around them .
he drove us around in a jeep through some amazing country .
` ` i warned you we 're heading into remote country , '' ferrin reminded him .
` ` i know this country well .
and there were birds flying up toward us that were only found in your country .
it was the perfect place , however , if you wanted to surreptitiously enter the country - and stay hidden .
in latin american countries , he was known as ` ` the old man with the sack '' and he abducted children .
normal is another country blackbriar might be under a cloud , but for the rest of my imprisonment , it did n't storm .
feels like another country .
the last time someone was taking a picture of me like that was right after my parents died and every damn reporter in the country wanted to get a picture of the girl who survived the slaying of her parents .
well , half the country , which was enough .
` ` tom , we ' ve heard it a couple times over from different people in different countries , so there has to be some truth to it . ''
` ` which means they blow up , too : every plant and every storage facility in the country , around the world , everywhere . ''
a lot of ground to cover and a big country besides , but if tom was alive ...
finn said it as if the country were a sweet potato .
` ` i felt it , and this is n't earthquake country .
i would n't have minded if it were across the country .
maybe petra would find it in the files , the reason for putting half a country between mother and daughter .
he wore a hat that was from a country that was not l.a . , and he looked tired .
` ` i ' ve just recorded my first real track since i died and it is going to eat every dance floor in the country and it 's not even the best one i ' ve written so far and someone is paying me to go into the studio and record the others and i ca n't wait , i just ca n't wait , i want to do it tonight , and i want you here because it is stupid to do it by myself . ''
` ` literacy rate in this country 's appalling ; you need a cape to even sell a cookbook .
- and that he went with his bandmate for some under - the - radar treatment and rehab out of the country .
i 'd hated that we 'd moved from california to a state equally far from both oceans my country had to offer .
somewhere fate laughs in her far - off country , because now i am the human and it is grace i will lose again and again , immer wieder , always the same , every winter , losing more of her each year , unless i find a cure .
isabel made a noise that , if converted into a missile , had enough vitriol to obliterate a small country .
ah , this is a fine country full of fine people .
her wide - awake gaze snagged on something outside , fast , and she craned to look out the window , like this was another country .
unframed prints were tacked to the walls - a flier for some irish folk band playing in new york ; a vintage print of some children running on a faraway , older pier in a faraway , older country .
there were still the sons of ceos traveling to third - world countries for photo ops and the sons of touring punk musicians with heavier things to bring along than seventeen - year - old accidental progeny and the sons of men who were dead and never coming to retrieve them .
at one point , he had even written a not - unsuccessful book called fraternity in anglo - saxon verse , and it had been required reading in at least seventeen college courses across the country .
he was a privileged tourist in a primitive country : flatteringly curious , unknowingly insulting , quite certainly unable to survive if left to his own devices .
` ` it looks like another country , '' blue said .
it was another country .
it was a country for the young , a country where you died before you got old .
it was a country for the young , a country where you died before you got old .
` ` they ' ve already taken my country , zhong .
` ` psycho babe , '' i said softly , ` ` what are you doing here in this fearful country that is the men 's dorm ? ''
i watched the white clouds race over the top of the hill , massive , towering secret countries made of white and pale blue , and with my eyes i followed the shadows they cast on the endless hills .
i ca n't shake the idea that you 're planning something only marginally ethical , like the takeover of a small latin country . ''
` ` this country ? ''
` ` we have a girl with a few months before leaving for college and instead of staying home to enjoy time with her friends , either bumming around or working some silly part time job , you drive across the country to work at a hotel for a dad who has been here all of one day since you arrived . ''
i was driving across the country with three pteron heirs to talk to someone who already told me she had no idea how to help .
he was a kind , just man who had given the country something that they had previously lacked- a fair ruler .
` ` these intruders are acting as marauders from our own country , seeking to instigate riots among our own by pillaging and murdering to undermine the king 's competence in protecting the people .
` ` do you think that arthur pendragon will allow my subjects to be beaten and killed within the very borders of my country ?
but with the current state of the country , arthur could n't risk losing any of his highly trained knights to a simple jousting loss .
you will see that your country is in good hands .
flags fluttered from the corners of the stands and people laughed merrily , all willing to forget the current dire situation of the country in exchange for one joyous evening .
` ` i did not deserve a beautiful wife and the love of an entire country ?
frazier would never , not in a million years , return to this country in this reality , certainly not to this wretched cesspool of lowlifes .
sato was used to his home country of japan , where the small homes sat almost on top of the streets and had maybe just enough room for a tiny tree and a single bush .
it was as if we 'd arrived in an abandoned country .
` ` i just do n't want to go and live in the stupid country , that 's all . ''
` ` we ' ve traveled a long way across dangerous country , '' emma said , ` ` all to find someone who could help miss peregrine .
` ` they were refugees from other countries .
i tried to sleep , but you try sleeping in a jaguar going 120 miles an hour in a strange country .
43 of course it was dark and foggy and i was in a strange country , but as i stumbled along i thought i 'd try to make it to the forest we had driven through .
they 'd lock down the whole country and go door - to - door if they had to .
` ` a fifteen - year - old boy - and not a particularly clever boy at that - alone in a strange country , afraid and without friends , driving a car equipped with a global positioning system - how difficult do you think that really is ? ''
` ` well , i did n't fly all the way across the atlantic to this god - forsaken foreign english country to chitchat , '' horace said .
` ` oipep is the only organization of its kind in the world , with practically unlimited resources and an intelligence network that spans every country on the planet .
` ` she 's out of the country ? ''
the second tale one hundred and fifty years ago , the monster began , this country had become a place of industry .
she left the country for four months to try to get things together , and when she came back she was teaching literacy classes to quechua women .
with bronze skin , wavy black hair , and perfect pashto , alejo never had problems passing as a pakistani on his many trips to the country .
and the iranians had built many hospitals and schools in needy parts of the country .
they were really not happy their son had decided to study social work and come to one of the poorest countries in the western hemisphere .
brief memories crossed wara 's brain of various news articles she 'd read online recently , accusations from the united states that bolivia was harboring fundamental muslims and allowing them to use their country as a base for radical islam 's cause .
it 's ? not safe for you here anymore , and you 'll all have to ? leave the country . ''
i have n't seen them in years , and now i show up and tell them they have to leave the only country they ' ve ever known .
i ' ve heard of that place -- -it 's famous all over the country .
they can get passports at the embassy there and take a flight to another country .
somehow , finding out that he had been directing the only center for children with aids in the country , which would now be left without leadership because of alejo , made alejo feel even more depressed .
` ` for your parents , leave this awful country and go home .
she realized that she felt relief the martirs were out of the country , away from all this danger .
it 's a very nice country .
` ` both sent to another country in south america .
34 lilac a country had never seemed so empty and hollow as spain did at that moment to stalin gomez .
if they were going to be of service to the young men risking their lives for their country , they both would need some much deserved rest .
regarded as a teaching hospital , they developed and performed the latest cutting - edge medical techniques , producing some of the finest medical staff in the country ; although all too often the advancements came as a result of the gang - related violence that erupted within the inner city , many times catching the innocent in its crossfire .
without the competing lights from big cities the stars were bolder in their sparkling glory and the adults commented over and over about how bright the stars were in the country .
if you get red mad , on the other hand , i would leave the country .
he got turned loose and had another party to celebrate his wife leaving the country .
so she had no idea , she just thought he left the country or something .
as it is , he runs the country , but after 2008 he will have to go thankfully .
the country ca nt handle more of his idiocy , its just unthinkable .
if he was really protecting america he would nuke north korea , who wants to destroy the usa , totally destroy them before they can counter , but nope this man is such a dope that he wasted billions on a country that never posed a threat to the usa .
dave says yes , we will make it so our country is not full of stupid people who do stupid things like stick their hands in the toilet and get stuck , or burn down firehouses .
we wo nt have a country full of people who lose jobs due to getting lost for 2 weeks , or flunk out of college because they do nt want to take a test , and skip out on it .
in all seriousness , i do nt think the rest of the world is worse off , and we may be doomed to a country full of idiots .
he marries a woman from his country and has a son .
chapter 27 gabe and tarren hole up in what gabe refers to as the fox cave and what i refer to as the weird - smelling room in the basement where an old projector and a big map of the country sit on two rickety card tables pushed together .
i downloaded records from every orphanage in the country for the years we thought you might have been born , and i put together this huge list of names and social security numbers .
they know the country well and will show you the safest routes to your destinations .
the high vantage point of the dam showed the whole country laid out like a relief map below us .
but we knew that the river was already renewing the land in the distance behind us , and it was slowly filling and reclaiming the country that relied upon it for life .
he knew much about the country we were travelling through and maintained a commentary about the places we passed .
i ve never seen much of the country , like i promised myself , and heres a good excuse to do it .
the whole population of that country , north and south , lived next to the jungle , but they only went in fifty feet to relieve themselves and then right back out to the trail , village , or paddy .
in this great country of america , you pay such a small price for so much .
in my country everybody is in war , and a wall like that would be to honor those that lived , not those that were lost .
in my country , getting warm on day like this would be very difficult .
did they treat soldiers in your country bad like that ?
did , after setting up a firing position overlooking the village of duc duc , in the provincial province of tam key , the country of south vietnam , witness the ambush of the third squad , 1st platoon , hotel company , 2nd battalion fifth marines .
story is that this half woman , half minotaur would go country to country and challenge their best warriors ... razz said .
story is that this half woman , half minotaur would go country to country and challenge their best warriors ... razz said .
one false move and i could bankrupt a small ( and apparently not so small ) country , so the first thing to do was to learn how to safely move it about .
he then went on to explain that as this was a foreign country ( this nearly did get me going , after all we were now in the eu and it was my adopted country , nearly , but not quite ) the paperwork would take a little while to complete .
he then went on to explain that as this was a foreign country ( this nearly did get me going , after all we were now in the eu and it was my adopted country , nearly , but not quite ) the paperwork would take a little while to complete .
david did the long spanish language course and then expected to be sent on a quick rest tour to some friendly , spanish speaking country , as an adviser to their special forces .
it was well situated in a pleasant part of the country , well protected from the elements and so it usually had three or four patrol craft of varying sizes in residence , with the occasional visit from a passing frigate or destroyer , but unfortunately , as a cost cutting measure , the spanish armada ( navy ) reluctantly abandoned its favourite mini base in the sun , leaving the air force with a fair to middling harbour for their air / sea rescue launch , and a few recreational dinghies .
he did his sea training on a destroyer and instantly took a liking to that class of ship , but upon returning to his strife torn country he transferred from the navy , with its three un - seaworthy frigates , into the gfu , not so much a secret police force , more a wanabe presidents training ground .
he was a natural , and after placing the first suitcase device himself ( he hated the word bomb , it was so uncouth ) , transporting the stinger missile and its launcher from a neighbouring country in the boot of his car ( for someone else to use ) , and designing the second suitcase device ( it was actually in a laptop computer but who s complaining ) , he rose through the ranks , not surprisingly in three stages .
president mugubutu quickly became known to his loyal subjects ( on pain of death ) as president 10 % , as any financial transaction anywhere in the country attracted a 10 % presidential tariff .
with the use of copious amounts of money he managed to flee the country , after first purchasing bail and forged travel documents , under an assumed name , and returned to the arms of his ever loving wife , who promptly threw him out onto the street , literally ( as recorded for posterity on the front page of a rivals newspaper ) .
the mountain roads in this part of the country were poorly maintained , not much more than dirt for the most part .
it was a dead end town , in a dead end part of the country , filled with half dead gray faced people who wanted nothing more than to finish the job and end themselves in as unremarkable and drawn out a manner as possible .
but that country has been in strife on and off for centuries , and its recently begun to swell up once again .
its a beautiful country , not terribly far , and a hint of danger makes the land that much more alluring to those that can afford protection .
red river airport was the one remaining intact runway of what was once one of the busiest airports in the country , dallas / forth worth international .
the united states had seen the rise and fall of its first ethnic and its first female president , which to nobodys great surprise did not change anything in the way the country was lead and managed .
his old tired eyes gleamed while watching a parade of sensationalizing news stories from all around the country and a few from abroad about his old friend orileys woes .
that gorge almost swallowed the country for two long centuries .
as we understand it today , abraham was not a single person but a collective of teachers that spoke at gatherings throughout the country through the voice of a woman by the name of esther .
there were quite a number of women and men in this country who did not want to participate in the madness that had befallen the masses , so some of these people followed an impulse , climbed into their cars , trucks or vans and headed in a central direction from all corners of the country .
there were quite a number of women and men in this country who did not want to participate in the madness that had befallen the masses , so some of these people followed an impulse , climbed into their cars , trucks or vans and headed in a central direction from all corners of the country .
that s one of the few remaining chain stores in the country , wally world .
beer and pretzels were being offered to the guests , one of the many traditions fritz had brought from his native country .
come to think of it they did nt have shares in anything else either - switzerland is a land locked country .
it is surprising what reaction you get when you deposit a couple of billion euros in the right bank , especially when there is a post it note stuck on top of them saying these will stay here for at least five years if me and my new personal aeroplane , and all the bits and bobs that go with it are out of your country within a week .
her new line then created newer lines , and eventually she was acknowledged as one of the top ( unseen ) breeders in the country but , as topsy would say , all work and no play makes jack a dull boy , so she started to listen to the father of her son ( he had a right eyed squint ) as he talked in his sleep .
his way , small amounts would be continuously dripping out , to different people , who had no physical or electronic connection with each other , all over the country , and whilst some accounts would be cleaned out immediately , he could access the others ( even if the new owner changed the password ) at will .
do nt switch on the light he said we have a situation , but there was a chuckle in his voice , apparently we had been invaded , but he knew by whom , it was the sas , so i left sandra sleeping like a baby as i looked for my brown trousers , and then he went on to explain ; after the suit had departed he was sure that something like this was going to happen , and sure enough it must have gone whinging to the army about how lax security was at el campo , and could they do something to prove to hrh how dangerous it was in that desolate third world country - he really was cruising for a bruising .
this was the country that had bull fighting as family entertainment so as i rushed towards the crowded table from whence these evil sounds were emanating , my imagination was well into overdrive .
~~~~ chapter 17 on returning to el campo after my extended festive season , the first a lister that i encountered as i wandered my corridors of power was marcel , and half - jokingly i left him in no doubt about turkey , not the country the feathered variety .
he had done some time in the military police , and then underwent retraining by civilian para - military contractors , to protect hi - value advisers in various war torn countries .
as a child i grew up in a country where the telephone had a crank and hung on the wall , the only means of communication with the outside world was by mail or telegram , and there was no television only the local radio station that operated for just a few hours each day .
to best explain these concerns , i used the analogy of railroads : for most of human existence each country , region , or tribe could be considered as a self - sufficient railroad .
thus , she unleashed her famished armies in a massive attack on the south overrunning soul and much of the country .
the availability of fossil fuels no longer existed , what refineries remained in operation served only the gulf coast camps and across the country , as the last gallons were scavenged , and consumed transportation came to a stop .
eventually , there came to fall upon the country an easy quiet , broken only by the sounds of nature and those creatures that had been spared .
as connie sipped her coffee , i asked if she knew the whereabouts of any others , had she heard any news about what was happening around the state , country , or the world .
this country had been so hollowed that when push came to shove we could no longer stand on our own .
the sam 's of the world had helped to settle this country , they were the pioneers going where no civilized man had gone before ; they thrived on danger and the unknown , blazing the trails for those who followed .
still there were signs the country was beginning to recover .
it was strange we had gone from the dominant capitalist society with everyone chasing the buck to a virtual collective overnight where the whole country was working only for something to fill their bellies .
you saw the basin , looks like a junkyard , all front line ships , and not enough fuel or provisions to get even one of them to sea , and it 's a helluva lot worse in the rest of the country .
linda stood by to act as translator , but all three men spoke passable english , they said they were members of the elected general council , that cuba had gone through the same turmoil which had affected every country but after the initial die off of the old , sick and young , cubans came together and began to work and share .
he thought it was due to the climate and the fact they had n't slaughtered all their animals , he believed if cuba could begin to trade and obtain fuel supplies the country would recover .
i assure you there is no need to have your crew at battle stations as no matter how unorthodox my unit may appear i m still an officer in the united states navy and here to serve my country , sir i place myself and my unit under your command .
he ordered his crew to return to the station and visited with us for remainder of the day , he quickly turned into a young man anxious to learn the fate of his country and what had transpired in the last year or so .
i have been trying to serve and defend my country to the best of my ability .
i knew vella was n't bluffing and it presented me with the worst dilemma of my life , my duty to country and all aboard the ships versus connie 's life .
i thought it over all morning and by noon felt belize would be the most logical destination , they spoke english , and i had worked off and on for over two decades in the tiny country and knew it well .
i felt better knowing i had made the right decision still we received paperwork allowing us free reign within the country .
after all , this seemed to be the direction the country was headed in .
we were proud of that distinction as we welcomed the huddled masses of immigrants that enriched this country and uplifted it to a position of greatness .
there was a willingness among these newcomers to leave behind the bad parts of their past and to concentrate on the future and be absorbed into their new country combining their strengths and skills with those already here , making themselves one with the nation .
we owe much to these immigrants , what they brought with them added richness and texture to this country and gave us that which no other civilization in history has been able to attain .
if you would n't be comfortable bringing these people into your home then why bring them into your country , is there a difference ?
throughout human history , there have always existed borders , they are no different from any other property line and come in all sizes from those marking the outline of a flowerbed to those encompassing entire countries .
thus , it is with the united states , canada , and mexico lines drawn on a map yet lines which separate distinct cultures two middle - class modern nations from a backward peasant country .
this is a migration different from any we have previously known , these people come not to be americans and rejoice in making our country better but simply to earn money to remit back home .
support and elect candidates who are patriotic , ( there is not a damn thing wrong with love of one 's country ) , have been instilled with real core values , and by that i mean an unswerving sense of right from wrong along with good old common sense .
the way , i look at it , is , a statesman puts the interest and welfare of country and citizen first whereas a politician puts self and party before the welfare of citizen or country .
the future and direction of the country and humankind rest squarely on a teachers ability not only in the subject area taught but also in their approach and outlook on life .
the system is totally broken costing each year over eight thousand dollars for every man women and child in the country , why are we trying to patch it up and keep it running like an old worn out car , it 's time to trade it in or scrap it .
what i do want is my government to concentrate on those things which affect us all , such as defense of country , borders , and protection of our interests around the world .
throughout american history , we have suffered between the good and bad yet at times of crisis have been fortunate to have leaders in place that arose to the occasion and brought our country through .
still i will end by saying that i continue to hold out hope that there is nothing wrong with our country or the world that can not be put right through diligent effort and common sense .
the country was in a transitional phase and landowners were often unfair dictators .
he was more excited about the lifestyle of a sailor , exploring new countries , loving the openness of the seas .
a few could tell their own stories of that hard savage country , but it was nicer to listen to the young woman .
he had a love for both land and sea as he talked about the farm , the land , his country and his parents .
roberto and rosa - lee accompanied them on the journey , getting to know the new country and buying beautiful pieces of furniture for their home .
the end authors history lynelle clark is a south african who loves her country , its people , and the rich history .
a creek first used by a man named tinker to meet a basic need for water ; or , perhaps , a shelter bearing the name campbell , after an almost forgotten soldier who died for his country .
have you ever wondered what this country would be like if the south had won the war ?
this country would nt exist , but i prefer to let others do the speculating .
another country .
now you tell me , if they re so damned supreme , then why is this country in such bad shape ?
i ca nt see how many people in this country can appreciate freedom , and the responsibility that comes with it , more than african americans .
just before the accident leading to her husbands condition , freya had for a few years worked in her dream job , helping with conservation work , travelling to a range of exotic countries .
` ` pacino , this here country is walking wide open into trouble and you will be a fool not to see it .
i d already seen him shape up on that trip across country and i liked the way he did things .
arnold dowel was a slim young irishman from the old country , a good man too .
he just liked this country and the life here .
her own brother , a traitor to their family , to her father , to their country , it was almost inconceivable .
tares sighed deeply ; this would be a beautiful country if only it were not so oppressed by the dark one and his perverse preference for vadatajs .
josh logan , whose grandchildren lived on the other side of the country could not resist those beautiful blue eyes and he had lifted his hat and plopped it down on top of her blonde curls .
most of the wizards , save two , live in far countries .
he had heard tidings of its ravages in nearby countries , but always it had been far away .
when he had finished destroying the country , perhaps he would then turn his attention to this last thing .
once he destroyed napolaun he was free to devastate the rest of the country .
then this country would be his .
` ` gwaum then went on to ravage the entire country ? ''
darkness falls , and i will not embark upon a campaign in unfamiliar country in the night .
i have been in that country .
even if arii won , the damage to this country would have been immense .
he began to feel that he would be able to stand sound on the ground in the new country , with its unlimited possibilities .
of course it would take timefor inserting a root in here , he reflected , i should become sociable in the new country , i know that ... for the time being , i m dependable on my parents .
because israel is having millions of problems : its defence manpower is small , its society is composed of people who arrived from hundred countries ; and its food and monies are rare , as most of its people have no profession except the jewish classical trade of buy and sell something .
so you ll overcome that obssesion , of being attracted by a far away country .
but shell be against the idea that i would court an israeli girlshe does not understand its good for my spirit , that ill recollect my native country by talking to somebody who s just arrived from there .
if you are living here many years you ve forgotten our country .
maybe here - all happens in a quick tempo , which is different from that of a far country , like israel or korea or japan or australia .
i hope that her father will come tomorrow , and take her to your country .
i am pitiful about myself , because i pity the suffering in my country , which is not america .
i was born in a country that was on fire , and its people had succeeded to survive ; its society rendered me a feeling of homeliness .
you ve to do it in america- and i am living here , in a small and far country .
i have no relatives here , in the country , except my son .
he knew that he had been living in a country ruled by a british mandate , and there were many british soldiers and cops strolling by foot and patrolling with command cars and jeeps all over the country .
he knew that he had been living in a country ruled by a british mandate , and there were many british soldiers and cops strolling by foot and patrolling with command cars and jeeps all over the country .
we should not rejoice much about this news , because maybe we will have a war with the arabs , who do nt agree to divide the country .
an enemy had come to the country .
take that , said solomon kaplansky to his only son , pointing on the colored pieces and and pushing the money toward elkanos hands , and sail out of this country .
go to haifa port and leave the country , you should do that .
even if you stand on your head i would not leave this country , he said audaciously , ill survive , even if the war will break .
instead of attacking further on to the eastern side of the country and conquer some mountains , ben gurion decided that breaking the way to the besieged jerusalem would be the first priority of elkanos regiment .
with no tanks , with hardly two light piper airplanes- and with that they had wished our dear young men to defend the jewish towns and villages and kibutsim scattered all over the country and inside cursed jerusalem .
so , you remember my words- you re living in the most dangerous country in the world ; but this is our fate- and nothing else .
.. maybe mother asked him also about that , and he gave her his usual argument why he should not bother with his past mom told me , that solomon wanted to forget many bad things , that happened to him recently , in this country .
unbribed viewers anticipate that the jewish state will not stand in a new war , after its crazy government had streamed the country with more than million mewcomers , having but poor dresses on their skins .
four days after having arrived in the country , humik took a bus to his hometown .
i know , he said to himself , that most of the people i see now came to the country after my family had left it .
its a black and white kind of film , this bloody country .
due to them i m madly in love with this small country .
its not so reasonable to say that , said the antagonistic kibbuts guy , because the jews did not have , also in the far past fixed and recognized border lines in this historical country .
the one who is ready to go to the south of the country , -negev , can double his investment within a year , so i was told .
you have to understand , effy told raphaella , while he met her in a caf , that israel today is a very normal and secure country , having a potential of long run huge prosperity .
its not at all the terrible country which you would read about in the papers .
the saving country , that will rescue me from the troubles my name is nathan , which in hebrew means : has given , god has given me the rescue .
in the fourth day there came a military truck , that took thirty fresh flesh for the killing machine to the camp of beit daras in the south of the country , about an hour drive from the countrys center .
the stated above method of making business was not rare at that time ; but as soon as naitty became aware of another big business problem in the country , he was decisive to solve it in his own peculiar way : a month of travelling with the new transporter , and supplying by it regular products , ( buying them in food factories or from importers ) , had shown naitty that he could have only a small profit as a result .
chapter 37 at that time effy was really heading to the south of the country .
effy did nt care , and accepted to wear a cap that hedwa handed him , as a gesture for her father , who would see an american guy , who was well educated and not ignorant of judaism or whatever effy told hedwa he was distributing food and sweets all over the negev and center of the country .
no , they are too old for this hard country and difficult climate .
she answered that erga had been very satisfied from the newspapers criticism , and the audience reaction was very fine all over the country .
he set up a memorial statue in ninveh , his capital , in which he showed the battle of the town lakhish , which surrendered to him now nahumik was there , gazing at the country around him .
the nights were still cold , though spring season had ended , ( only into the plain locations of the country a warm weather was coming ) .
we should search girls - voluteers all over the country .
you risk to hear them say , that they have enough trash in their country ; they do nt need to import that .
he knew that the streets sidewalk is visited by most of the entertainers in the country .
he has received the sole right of distributing around the country -all chocolates and sweets of ce de factory of ramat gan .
but though i know that america is full of adulterers and criminals and brothel managers and millions of people that entertainment is almost the second thing they love after sex making , instead loving god and his religion though i could have succeeded in that huge country of midgets in towers as one of our prophets had said i ve thrown america behind my back !
and the fact that he volunteered to the army and was wounded for our country again you give him a credit , said naitty .
he was assimilated in the population of the country , like some millions of israelis , who immigrated to the jewish historical land , driven by the enormous waves of jews reaching their homeland .
prissi knew that joes reputation was that he was one of the top ten high school hockey players in the country .
when the worlds waters began to rise , a decision was made that manhattan was too important to the psyche of the country to abandon all of it .
from a law passed back in 2068 that was intended to pay homage to , but also diffuse , the growing nationalism of many middle east , far east and african countries , certain buildings , owned by foreign governments , were afforded a sovereignty equal to that of an embassy .
since prissi had been in noramica for less than three years and that mostly in the environs of manhattan and dutton , she only had a cursory knowledge of how the rest of the country lived .
and let me remind you that yore lucky to be spending yore days with the best - nosed damall dog in this here quarter of the country .
in order to minimize the chance that any surviving ticks would infect or infiltrate the western half of long island and the country beyond , a fifty meter high laser curtain had been installed along the western end of the burned territory .
given that noramica is not renowned for being a country where things work , unlike korea or india , the longer the boy pedals alongside the unending pile of bones without seeing a single break , the more frightened he becomes of the danger hell face on the other side of the fence .
he had long thought of him as being weak and venal , the embodiment of all that he despised about his soon - to - be former country .
no other country that worked in the antarctic wore such garb .
if he wanted to abandon his country , he could have done so right then .
chapter 1 tommy lasade had been three years old when his father , mark , was sent away to kuwait to free that country from the grasp of saddam hussain , the maniacal dictator of iraq .
patriotic to the core and was willing to die for his country , no questions asked .
the american forces rolled across that country as if there was no opposing force in the way .
they say it is not enough that you come to our country , kill our people , take our oil , deny us food and medicine , kill our leaders and holy people ; but now , you have helped steal our countrys wealth , as well !
you re just another loser veteran , crying about how your country abandoned you in your time of need !
one who was neither democrat or republican , conservative or liberal , neither pro or anti anything ; just a person who loves this country and was intent on leading it into the future and onward into peace , adoration and respect in the eyes of the rest of the world .
melissa , not to be outdone , slid forward onto the edge of the sofa and spread her own knees wide as she turned on the edge , looked across adam , smiled and said , he would jump at the chance to clean house in d.c . he s not one of the good old boys , so he could be trusted to fulfill his lifelong dream of giving the people back their country and honor .
those few left with paranormal abilities stayed in show business , fled the country or just disappeared .
chapter eight across the country , the report of marks brief skirmish with pete and cletus was being analyzed .
he had tersely pointed out to echo that all telepathic connections created a two - way bridge of information , and if something went wrong , they simply could not have this shapeshifter running around the country with operational knowledge of the detachment .
they imagined their young country to be so powerful in the current world .
detachment 1039 must find a way to stop the spectral forces marching on washington and their shadowy leader , before the country is plunged into chaos .
only something amazing happened along the way -- the country went nuts .
she continued on like this until she had gone through the entire pile : teens organize city against war ; gi joe replaces easter bunny in baskets ; un weapons inspector doubts evidence ; thousands of high school students protest across country ; president says using force in north korea now an option ; 5,000 americans going to iraq as human shields ; un predicts 500,000 casualties in iraq ; and finally , an article from todays paper , anti - war demonstrators arrested in san francisco financial district .
the prospect of war affects the whole country , not only california .
they re marching in places all over the country .
there are crazy people trying to drag this country into another war .
everywhere i looked around this country or the world we were beating , killing , or bombing somebody .
it turned out this was white bread country , and she had to take what she could get .
no matter that thousands of people were irreparably harmed then and that many more are about to be harmed now , one thing has not changed -- most of the citizens of this country did nt care back then and most of them do nt care now .
she very much wanted an alive and alert bobby to participate in this crusade to help the country regain its sanity and her reclaim a missing part of her soul .
were going back to san francisco to help prevent this country from going to war .
that s why we want to be there in the streets so we can show the world there are millions of people in this country who oppose the war .
no , i m quite sure there will be a multitude of war protestors in city streets around the country .
ill bet millions of lawn owners in this country expend millions of hours and billions of dollars attempting to eradicate one of the most verifiably beneficial plants in existence in this country , said sam , simply because it does nt conform to societys notion of good lawn maintenance .
ill bet millions of lawn owners in this country expend millions of hours and billions of dollars attempting to eradicate one of the most verifiably beneficial plants in existence in this country , said sam , simply because it does nt conform to societys notion of good lawn maintenance .
with all of the things wrong with this country and the world , we devote our time and energy to eliminating things that are good for us .
the ones that have vast stores of oil depend upon this country to provide them with the military weaponry to keep the ruling elite in power .
this economy is built to run on light crude only , and there is only one place where there is enough of it to support a lifestyle that the citizens of this country have come to expect , and furthermore , i believe , will demand .
what do you think the vast majority of the people of this country will say , including most of the fine folks who will be joining us in the streets of san francisco ?
mexico , due to the bad deal they are getting from the world trade organization and the international monetary fund that requires mexico to subscribe to free trade agreements which allows big multi - national corporations to come in and destroy their farming as well as the local economies through unfair trade practices , will be a country populated by starving peasants in another ten years .
there is a good chance that in certain areas of the country big cities would no longer remain viable .
if these good deeds are done for the greater part in places where there happen to be vast stores of the diminishing natural resources our country needs to survive , well so much the better .
we rescue an oil rich country and set them on the course of modernization , and then we pledge to protect and support this fledgling society by buying their natural resources and keeping our military in the area for their protection , of course .
this helps create a sense of security and deters the people of our country from questioning the governments activities .
allison did nt respond , but continued her self - imposed silence following sams revelations regarding the real reasons the country was headed for war .
did she fit into the category of protestors who sam vowed would turn around and go back home if they knew what they would have to give up if the country dropped out of the fight for fuel ?
they did nt know what it was like over there or why this country was letting its young men be killed by the hundreds each week .
sam and i , both unarmed and of no danger to anyone , are beaten to within an inch of our lives by the people who are supposed to protect the citizens of this country .
i read in a paper , back at winslow , that he gave saddam forty - eight hours to get out of the country , or else .
if its to be our destiny to plunder the earth to ensure that our country can support a lifestyle that is way beyond the ability of the rest of the world to subsidize , then lets at least stand up as a country and admit it .
nine hours remained to get to san francisco , but if they did nt make it , maybe those visionaries presently in charge of the country would simply have to start their war without them .
much of the produce sold in the supermarkets throughout the country came from this area .
once again those fortunate families who did nt have loved ones in the war would graciously thank the grieving families for their loved ones sacrifices for the welfare of the country .
with millions of acres of land devoted to growing so much food , one might naturally determine that no living human in this country should have to go without .
you find the courage to go forward , not for some grand and noble cause , but often because your friends and fellow soldiers need you or because you are a part of a long family tradition of doing your duty when your country calls .
she did recognize the names of the usual franchise outlets one expects to see every place you go in the country and the names of the big merchandisers that had plopped their mega - marts on every large plot of land available in developed areas across the land .
as far as allison could tell , this sight represented nothing more than another typical end to one more day of living the so - called american dream in any large city in the country .
the people running the country seem intent upon getting a fight going .
by all indications , the battle is being lost not only here in this country , but around the world .
a world , by the way , that mostly detests our very existence and sends its citizens into the streets in jubilation each time some kind of catastrophe befalls our country or our soldiers and citizens .
we have no ambition in iraq , except to remove a great threat and restore control of that country to its own people .
as far as restoring control of the country to the people , unless you consider tribal monarchies and military coups as representative forms of government , those people wo nt have any idea as to what we would be restoring to them .
why would anyone think this guy would want to invite the totally disruptive influences of a bunch of religious fanatics into his country to cause trouble either there or abroad ?
the groups mission to keep this country from going to war now had a new purpose .
the possibility of a citizen of this country having a family member serving in a combat area is something like seven in ten thousand .
why then were most of the citizens of this country apprehensive at the prospect of destroying a tyrant , along with most of his country , ten thousand miles away ?
why then were most of the citizens of this country apprehensive at the prospect of destroying a tyrant , along with most of his country , ten thousand miles away ?
it was not easy for a person who loved their country to stand up and deny support to her neighbors , friends , and fellow citizens when those individuals were put in uniform , handed a gun , and sent abroad to affect this countrys misguided foreign policies .
it was not easy for a person who loved their country to stand up and deny support to her neighbors , friends , and fellow citizens when those individuals were put in uniform , handed a gun , and sent abroad to affect this countrys misguided foreign policies .
how many times had she heard , when our troops are defending our country , it is not the time for protest , or oppose the war if you must , but support the troops .
nothing would change unless the people of this country made enough noise to get the attention of their elected representatives .
generations of hardworking men and women toiled and fought to provide a place for their children to have the opportunity to live free in a country where they could enjoy the fruits of their labor and pass their bounty on to their children .
the theme conveyed by these photographs extolled the virtues of turn of the century italian farmers harvesting and gathering their crops in the rolling hills of the mother country .
the thought of someone so smart and energetic getting involved in an industry so important to the future survival of the country encouraged her .
if all we do is go there and risk our lives marching , it will be for nothing because the underlying reasons for our country being in this mess in the first place will continue to exist and cause similar military interventions to happen over and over again .
there are things to get involved in here that are important to the whole country .
over the last fifty years , the citizens of this country have grown accustomed to more of everything .
maybe being able to jet to aruba for the weekend or popping down to atlanta to see the kids or flying across country to transact business that defied the utilization of the most advanced system of communications ever imagined in order to get face to face with a client , justified our children going to war .
the first thing i had to do , being caught in passenger country at the time of the disaster , was to make certain of the hull integrity of whatever compartment i found myself in until receiving definite instructions from a fully - qualified spacer my textbook on dealing with space emergencies was very clear on the subject .
someone far away , probably another country , was monitoring the unit .
ireland is not a third world country , his father said as he unbuckled his seatbelt .
its a very rural country with you told me , mom , her son interrupted .
john , everything is weird when you re in a foreign country , okay ?
it is if the country is crawling with pikers and murderers and there s nothing to eat and no help coming .
well watch each others backs and plant food and rebuild our little patch of the country .
well , donovan said , craig said the poms have their hands full with their own country and then they ll think about helping us .
yes , i heard about the great fishing in this part of the country oh , yeah , we got great fishing here .
i d hoped to explain that i was doing the right thing , that i d be back in a few years and that i would still be fighting to defend my home and to protect my country .
i d just graduated from oxford , leading our marksmanship team to an international championship , when i decided to spend a year in america to further my education a very interesting country , by the way .
my team and i had been deployed to iran , mexico , siberia , pakistan , north korea , africa , azerbaijan and countless other countries , and each time i had made it out alive and relatively unscathed except for korea , of course .
they did nt cover time travel back in basic training , in any of our countries boot camps , but we were faced with the dilemma nonetheless .
the map was only mostly identifiable , with the general shape of the country present , along with sicily , corsica , sardinia , and plenty of landmarks , rivers , mountain ranges , and cities , most of which were close enough to where they were supposed to be .
each island was literally the size of europes largest countries , hundreds of kilometers long , and half as wide and tall .
edwards website and blog can be found at edcrichtonbooks you can also like / comment on his facebook page here edward crichton and you can follow him on twitter @ edcrichton or email him at edcrichton85 @ gmail.com my country tis of thee : sergeant mikes miracle tour by tara neale copyright 2012 tara neale smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
i started the journey immediately with this story of corporal manny hernandez , a latino who died serving a country of which he was not even a citizen .
corporal manuel hernandez was the last of the men under his command to die while serving their country .
the young man had been brought into this country as a toddler when his parents came illegally .
but manny did not to live to take the oath that would make this country his own .
giving his life for a country that was the only home he could ever remember , but did not claim him as its own .
it would also offer him the freedom to fulfill his other dream : to travel the country seeing the people and places that he had spent over half a lifetime defending .
and this country .
although at least , mike supposed they could take some solace in their son 's sacrifice for ' his country . '
all for a country that he was not even a citizen of .
mike was just going to wander the country that he had served since he was eighteen .
coming from a country where beef , chicken and pork were the limited selection , they had found the smell of the roasting delicacy particularly pungent .
scalding hot days and desert nights that bordered on freezing were common in this region of the country that sat at the foothills of the mountains .
and it was his country , no matter what a piece of paper might or might not say .
guys , whom this country had shown anything except the respect they deserved .
over the years , i ' ve served this country with a lot of good men and women like your son .
some things were important , like family , friends and country .
a small token compared to what you and your wife have given this country .
stepping back , he motioned to the others in the group , ` ` we just wanted to say thank you to your family in a way that honored what your son did for this country . ''
he turned around to see tears once more flowing freely down the weathered brown cheeks of the man , who had risked everything he had to bring his family to this country .
` ` but what i can say is that one thing manny loved almost as much as you was the country that he grew up in .
except for the ultra short salt - and - pepper hair , he could be any man on the streets and roads of this country .
it will be released on labor day to honor the hard work of those like mister clyde , who may never have served in the military , but made our country strong with the sweat of their brows .
i know my way around this part of the country a bit , you know .
but also i knew that in this country its the sheepskin that counts .
and bill has changed and i have changed and our country has changed and the world has changed , and , as bob dylan or pete seeger would tell you : the times , they are a - changin .
there are bayous in this part of the country .
i have nt lived in the country since i was a kid , but some things you never forget .
and , oh boy , heres the biggest question of all : will the world still be here long enough for me to get to the end of the series and then back to the start of wolf country when bill is eighteen years of age ?
he would not have been surprised to sight human habitations of another sort -- the beehive - shaped huts of the black people , or the cliff - dwellings of the mysterious brown race which legends declared inhabited some country of this unexplored region .
his flight had been blind , into a country of which he was wholly ignorant .
that 's what the aquilonian renegades used to tell us cimmerians when they came into the hills to raise an army to invade their own country .
her garb was common enough for that country -- a coarse tunic , belted at the waist , short leather breeches beneath , and soft buckskin boots that came short of the knee .
the aquilonians were driven back across the marches , and have never since tried to colonize the cimmerian country .
who can be sure that all the inhabitants of that black country are natural ?
but more beasts remember in this country than any i ' ve ever seen . ''
i ' ve roamed in the unknown countries south of the black kingdoms of kush , and east of the sea of vilayet .
he wanted to be the finest surgeon in the country .
he needed to unearth the woman , even if fate took him to another country .
to be precise , the country happened to be england .
understand , every shipwreck is a miniature time capsule , and there are thousands of wrecks all over the world , hundreds of thousands , from every century and every country .
did you know this country was built on hemp ?
but now , he wondered if maybe there was nt something bigger going on , somebody trying to pass off worthless third - world currency in this country .
the surrounding shores were beautiful with semitropical verdure , while in the distance the country rose from the ocean in hill and tableland , almost uniformly clothed by primeval forest .
' i heard the same thing once before , ' said a belgian , ' when i was in the gorilla country .
i was still waiting for every criminal in the country to round the corner , or jump out of the trees at me , all shouting that they wanted to see my goods , antiques , or old and valuable items .
i really did not want to flee from the forest only to find a major road ; in my mind every satellite in the country , every machine that could fly , and every guy that had never listened to his mother and had become a murderous thug , were all trained , or milling about , on those open roads , ready to catch me the moment i nipped out from the forest .
but i just followed what i was told ; i was too tired to think for myself , too scared of the possibility that now the entire country was after me , scrabbling to get their hands on my remaining globes .
even though four - wheel - drives , and particularly large and overly petrol - guzzling ones , were very common in this part of the country , tinted windows were not .
we need to keep moving , get out of the country as quick as we can , sebastian said .
get out of the country ?
and when they 're defeated , personal freedoms are lost , their land and wealth go as spoil to the invaders , their retainers become serfs , their widows and daughters are prizes , thousands go into exile , and the more recalcitrant portions of the country are desolated .
and why could n't dimarico sneak a few modern weapons into the country ?
they moved to another country for the flight homemore of dimarico 's securityand in an isolated spot on the boat to dublin he asked , ` ` well , jack , what do you think ? ''
they were n't anywhere as technologically advanced as europe five hundred years later , but stilltheir political structure , techniques of warfare , iron tools , ships and livestockthose should have been enough to establish stable colonies in indian country . ''
` ` this whole country makes no sense to me .
give me time to place more of the stars in his chart , maybe learn more about your country , and then i can tell you about your son 's future .
if we all survived erlan , i needed to leave this country quickly because i was beginning to think of nance and tarvik as close friends .
the climate in this country was somewhat different from the typical northwest , about the same temperatures but less rain and a lot more sun .
but this country was not visible to the outside world and therefore it had to be controlled by magic .
must be a thousand places in the forest that looked identical , but lor knew this country the way i knew the bus routes in seattle .
cross just like kiter had face ryu , or should we say zepar while he was fleeing with abigail from country to country , when he realized that he had to send his wife with his son away so they would nt be in harm 's way .
cross just like kiter had face ryu , or should we say zepar while he was fleeing with abigail from country to country , when he realized that he had to send his wife with his son away so they would nt be in harm 's way .
and my authority extends to any who i suspect of injury to this country so answer before i drag you and yours back in chains !
i am sworn to keep the peace and defend the people of arabel and this country .
life there was simple and required long hours and hard work for little pay but although everyone was poor by most modern countries standards , no one went hungry or homeless .
he was a rebel serbian general who was trying to take over the country .
we cut merrick into ten pieces and each of us took two pieces to bury in a different country .
they were sent after merrick , a serbian general who was raising an army to re - conquer kosovo then the rest of the country .
the five mercs left alive had dismembered merrick , each taking two pieces and burying them in a different country to prevent his spirit from reaching heaven and then lyssandra started the long and painful process of regaining jasons love and trust .
food was easy for jason was an adequate hunter even here where the game was far scarcer than in other countries .
but then , she had seen so much in her life even though she had never really left her own country .
i left messages and trail markings all over the country but you never followed .
moreover , here i was , me damian jones by the name , trying to calm down my frenzied mind who hounded me with the darkest possible thoughts , with my intention to leave my country .
bingo , the typical parental phrase came to light , and i smiled guilty that i was leaving my country .
but greece is an interesting country , why not i did nt have the mood to study the brief , so i putted back in my backpack ; i let myself back in the chair and closed my eyes .
the eastern lands do not allow other nations into their country except to trade and then only at the sea ports under stern guard .
the country was not a rich one so this seemed to be a way to ease the strain .
are nt you afraid some country will just come and take your land ?
the idea of no army to defend a country was strange to rica who had come from a country that was the leader of the free world .
the eastern lands or ahaya as the people of that land call their country , has houses of magi that take turns running the country .
the eastern lands or ahaya as the people of that land call their country , has houses of magi that take turns running the country .
they mostly ignore the country in pursuit of their research though if you ask me .
dear , dear devina if we marry and i assume the throne , do you think you will make any decisions about my country ?
they were a neutral nation and would not take kindly to strange troops in their country .
the onur people worked with the resistance but not openly , they would turn their backs on the troops massing in their country and leave caches of food and medicine and other supplies for them to find .
zafira looked stricken as though she had just at that moment realized her country was a war zone and her parents missing .
the nations of the amonic continent semlor a frozen northern country populated with sensitive humans .
capital city vanora onur right below the country of semlor populated by olinka .
the country is a mix of people who subscribed to a democracy .
( this is a resent development ; 25 years ago a king governed the country .
capital city of the high king sangir laager to the east of opia nation this is a northern country that borders opia , kahsha and ahaya .
other races are strongly discouraged from coming to or residing in the country .
governed by a mondurst ( which is a master mage of one or more affinities ) appointed by the conclave of scalon ( a group of master magi who live in the capital city of scalon , they generally appoint one of their own to the mondurst for a period of years then they meet and appoint another ) neutral city state denham located in the opia nation but not governed by the country .
i have had two children , and have moved around the country .
his slim hand was cool on my brow for a moment , and then he was gone and yusra ali came bearing the stuff for which my very soul shrieked -- and soon i was wandering again through those strange and exotic countries that only a hashish slave knows .
she perceived then , at a glance , that this man was young and beautiful ; and his style of beauty struck her more forcibly from its being totally different from that of the southern countries in which d'artagnyn had hitherto resided .
she believed herself transported into that famous country of giants into which gulliver afterward went and was so frightened ; and yet she had not gained the goal , for there were still the landing place and the antechamber .
' spain is his country , ' replied d'artagnyn ; ' and it is very natural that he should love the spanish , who are the children of the same soil as himself .
' to what country ? '
besides , i am here in my own country , and that excites me . '
upon a word from him , i would betray my country , i would betray my queen , i would betray my god .
it has so chanced that i met with a spaniard in my peregrinations who had seen many countries , and among them the new world . '
both had recently come into the country .
my friend , who was seigneur of the country , might have seduced him , or taken his by force , at her will -- for she was mistress .
' no ; but you can place me in one of the provinces with some sir of your acquaintance -- in your own country , for instance . '
it is you who set out seven or eight months ago from your country to seek your fortune in the capital ? '
she immediately , therefore , took to her heels and ran toward the camp , with the swiftness of the young women of her country , so renowned for their agility ; but whatever might be her speed , the first who fired , having had time to reload , fired a second shot , and this time so well aimed that it struck her hat , and carried it ten paces from her .
' you came from a country where she must be very much talked of , and i know that her armaments against france greatly engage the attention of your friend the cardinal . '
well , once returned from the country , half by the protection of his cousin , half through what we have personally done for him , we shall obtain from the king what we desire .
' oh , i know this country marvelously ! '
' a little town on the lys ; i shall only have to cross the river , and i shall be in a foreign country . '
he prevailed upon her to leave the country ; but to leave the country , to fly together , to reach another part of france , where they might live at ease because unknown , money was necessary .
he prevailed upon her to leave the country ; but to leave the country , to fly together , to reach another part of france , where they might live at ease because unknown , money was necessary .
in fact , i knew mr . pearson himself , when he first came out to my country to start his concerns .
neil , i believe that the only bolemor wood in this country comes from lampala .
indeed , the poem was rather long , but it was about a strange country with icy caverns and wailing maidens .
she began to plan trips to the country for barbara and simon .
of all the rotten luck , that the king of the entire bloody country should pick this night to go for a stroll in order to puff on a huge smelly cigar .
snakes do nt wail like that , nor at all , at least not in my country .
we have an extremely important job to do one that impacts a country , a company and several families .
it was set in a country where there was a crystal globe called the birthright , which protected the people and the lands in some mysterious way .
however , the king of the country , who wished for quick riches to satisfy his own evil greed , sold the precious bauble .
miriam felt a chill on her back as she imagined the pale , armless , boneless things that would fill the springs and wells and fountains in her imaginary country .
that may be all right for a retired admiral such as yourself , but i have a country to run .
while the increased military presence made it difficult for henrik to insert himself back into the country , it also provided a surefire route for his escape , especially for a man with his connections .
how was he supposed to find esther and slip out of the country in a hidden u - boat while working for the ss ?
it appeared that the palaces , churches , and synagogues of every country in europe , save britain , had been ransacked just to fill this one , ugly basement .
while henrik and his mother lived in permanent residence in berlin , his father spent most of his days touring airbases across the country .
and then it was time for lieutenant henrik kessler to leave his old life behindhis country , his family , his fianc , even his name , and start his new life as lieutenant ray douglas of the fighting marines .
what higher duty could there be than to fight for your country in time of war ?
i believe admiral canaris is working behind the scenes to head off this tragic end to the country he loves .
the only improvements the germans made to the nation since the invasion were the modern roads and railway networks , which now crisscrossed the country like an iron spiders web .
but i have nothing to fear in this country .
but this country elf did not follow the rules of etiquette .
no one ever ventured into the wastelands for legend has it that a great war laid the country bare , harsh and uninhabitable .
this is pleasant country .
these were his mountains ; this was his country .
a qualeman of the north country , or a traitor to our peoples that has sold his services to the dol - shar , or , he may be one in the same . ''
the natives of new orleans have one of the most complex mixtures of ethnic and cultural backgrounds in the entire country .
add in the value of the port of new orleans to the economic well - being of the entire country , and the city of new orleans is not just unique , its important .
children from all over the country who tested at certain levels on these tests were allowed to be moved into special advanced programs .
jay - ls research park was essentially its own little country inside the borders of the state of florida .
then jay - l arranged for the governor and state legislature to give him the same deal that the seminole indians and other tribes around the country have .
and you had to abide by those laws when you were on their land , which was the same as being in their country .
this is a master screen of the electrical grid for the entire country .
that was the only type of helicopter he had ever seen in this country .
your country does nt have that kind of loose change lying around .
your country will never be a superpower , again think of yourself as the u.s.s.r . , and i m reagan ill make sure that every fucking nation on the planet has more technological computing power than your entire country .
your country will never be a superpower , again think of yourself as the u.s.s.r . , and i m reagan ill make sure that every fucking nation on the planet has more technological computing power than your entire country .
and one more thing , when the economy goes bust ill step in and buy your fucking country one piece at a time if i have to .
fuck around , and ill force you to hand over your entire country to me .
if the threat of being blown off the planet does nt scare you , then maybe the thought of bankrupting your country overnight will convince you to honor our agreement and leave me alone .
that s how i got you out of the country .
he told him about the various golf courses that were close by particularly royal vic and olympic view which he thought to be perhaps one of the most spectacular courses in the country ; that and furry creek over on the mainland .
the funds themselves were hidden in offshore accounts spread all over the world and all in countries best defined as tax havens .
he had recently tried to talk to obrian only to learn he had left the country ; the office girl in london being overly informative something he d have to talk to obrian about when he returned .
the risk had been in getting the diamonds out of the country and into the safety deposit box in berlin where they now resided waiting for him to put the next phase into motion .
over time he d rejected the european countries as being too close to home and had looked for somewhere off the beaten track that welcomed foreign investment without a lot of questions being asked and that met his needs .
this is what they had done for twenty years ... .. in different jungles ... ... .in different countries ... .. always clandestine ... .. always having each others backs .
they d fought together in several different jungles , in several different countries and in retirement he d given him a job and a small farm up the river from bandar in brunei where his wife and two children were waiting for him .
nobodys coming obrian , said george , this is drug country ; people mind their own business here .
` ` we 're on our way out of the country , and whoever these fanatics are , they likely have lives in paris .
i was born in that great country a little over twenty two years ago , and most of my short time on this earth has been merry .
riktenburg is a country of many things , but not size .
` ` my lady , i would love to see your country someday .
we do n't get foreign company often , and i would love to show you my country ! ''
using masks and not at all opposed to violence , these noblemen saw themselves as god 's vigilantes , god 's righteous judgment on a heathen country .
they began stirring up all sorts of trouble throughout the country .
from country to country , the courtiers worked .
from country to country , the courtiers worked .
they strut about with their silver diamonds like they own the country .
riktenburg is , under normal conditions , a peaceable country , so the archduke has had lots of freedom to pursue his hobbies .
with shock , i realized he was the man who 'd chased us across the train platform in paris ; his massive facial scar was just as hideous in this country as that one .
if we failed to stop fuchs ' man , our lives and the country we rode through would be forfeit .
` ` sire , you are the country 's leader now , and your brother would be proud of you this night , '' i uttered at last .
` ` or one of the best stage - actors in riktenburg would succeed , and the country would fall under the faith 's tyranny , '' said logan dryly .
with makeup , extensive studying , and the most pernicious dash of gall this country has ever seen , he became the king .
the slash along logan 's arm was still fresh , and in a country as small as riktenburg , there was a high chance that most citizens would know the royal brothers by sight .
` ` i do n't care if they have wings to fly about the country .
i was a highly wanted fugitive in a country now ruled by a charlatan .
the landscape swirled by in a rush , and i was again struck by the beauty of this country .
if fuchs ' pawns kill our new king , the country is done for .
and what kind of riktian would i be to leave my country in the hands of these lunatics ? ''
riktenburg as a place , as a happy country , is worth dying for .
` ` enjoying your country , you sick bastard ? ''
the devil before me had shot a king in cold blood , paraded my friends and i through the palace as vicious criminals , hung men of god without a qualm , tried to rape mercedes , stolen a country from its people , and thrown his captured land centuries backwards into the excesses of the kings of old .
i was to be his puppet king while he ran the whole country .
was n't it convenient that we had three foreigners three men unknown to anyone in the country on hand to take the blame ?
somehow the minister had learned of his coming doom , and he too had fled the country , presumably to the expanses of the austrian empire as well .
he 'd flown from his country , a raven , a vulture escaping the descending storm .
although the country was decrying her family 's name , and her husband had become a fugitive , she would not despair .
her loss was sure to have stung immeasurably , and i wondered if she would leave the country soon , following him into austria .
nearly a year before , we 'd wandered into this country without the slightest hint of the dangers and beauties it contained .
dulce et decorum the snows of russia had ravaged my country , and the emperor was dredging the countryside .
to have served so long , and made it so close to retirement , only to die on a shitty stretch of desert road in a country that none of them gave a damn about , left him feeling drained .
in the southeast asian country of equatorial kalingaland , soviet - made weapons were most common .
kalingavilles storm water drainage system was much more modern than one might expect of a third world country .
* * * several thousand miles away , in the small himalayan country of chomo lungma , five men and one woman made their way through the snow - covered mountains , gliding along silently on their skis .
what was once general tani walked towards me and yet i felt like i could do anything , run across the country , swim against the strongest currents he stood right there , in front of me and lifted me off my feet .
i will find the best torturers in the country and i will give you a slow , slow death .
in my country , we call them the dead walkers people brought back to life by a bad wizard - man , but not really back to life because they do not think , only eat .
these are not like the dead walkers of my country , she said , occasionally choking on her tears .
in my country , the undead do not enter the huts they only eat the fools who leave that safety , or if they make angry the bad wizard - men that created them .
one thing , i think , they have in common ; the dead walkers of my country and these dark - links hate fire , and they ca nt stand light .
in my country , those bitten and scratched by the dead walkers do not turn into them , volina said .
but living in this country it was hard not to feel that it was 1406 only for old men like his uncle , a hearer - of - voices who had told muhammad many times that an unseen jinn protected the mattawa family .
bialik was seen in the western country over the next few months , where he mostly remained , but henri ville and her adjunct , anson sharpe , vanished from the eye of the nation for but a brief moment ?
when i arrived ' ere from zee other country , i did not know a lot of zings .
he and rita had intended to spend their remaining years traveling the country in a large rv purchased the year before andersons retirement , but rita started feeling tired and dizzy for no reason .
anderson was not sure what the rest of his lonely days would have entailed if not for the terrible attacks on his country , but he knew what his remaining days would be like nowdriven , purposeful , and relentless .
reggie began , lord , i thank you for sparing us the destruction that has been visited upon much of our country .
a man can leave his nation at any time , but he who waits to do so only when his country asks something of him is no patriot .
anderson sat back and smiled , i have no reason to feel bitter , i have had a good life and i ve gotten much from my country .
i will be installed as soon as the new government document is approved and signed by all the country representatives .
although the southern edge of canada near the great lakes and vancouver took direct nuclear hits , most of the rest of the country was left untouched .
the radio broadcasts have further emphasized how fortunate the jp was compared to the rest of the country .
reggie decided that he was nt really speaking to the people he was looking at , but all the listeners on radios gathered in clusters across their new country .
most men would probably justify their ambition and actions by saying it was best for the people or the country or society .
deep within iraq though there are the wheels of turning plans which are taking place which soon will rock this ancient country to its core .
during wwii their fights went from being just for their countries and within their country to outside their countries for the worlds freedom .
during wwii their fights went from being just for their countries and within their country to outside their countries for the worlds freedom .
through those years up to the present there have been sweeping wars , famine , pestilence , plagues and politicians who cared more about enriching their own pockets than the welfare of their country .
the countries of iran , iraq and syria , unleashed against the allied forces of the u.s . , canada , united kingdom and israel germ warfare along with the deadly use of poisonous gas .
its name would be known , not only to the inhabitants of dallas , but to the country as a whole , no , not just the united states , but to the whole wide world .
after their last assignment together he left gabby in egypt for the war - torn country of iraq .
the test subjects were from various countries ; however , most were citizens of the united states .
he had smelled this nauseous odor before - it was easy to recognize - thailand , vietnam , cambodia ... death has the same repugnant stench in every country .
as operatives for the company , both he and si lei had been assigned numerous missions in and out of all these countries during the vietnam war where death accompanied them as their constant companion .
hoover was the poster boy for the law and order in this country and made it a lifetime goal to wage war with mobsters , gangsters and the like , so it was a feather in murdocks hat to let it be known hoover was his friend .
right now the cia has him believing he is doing the country a big favor by getting rid of kennedy .
the country declared him a national hero and buried him with honors at arlington national cemetery .
` ` forgive me , wielder , in my country it is common for men and women to share blankets for warmth on campaign .
it would take them four days to reach the river and at least two weeks more to make it to the city , the only settlement deserving the name in the whole country .
it went like this : may the great god whom i worship , grant to my country , and for the benefit of europe in general , a great and glorious victory , and may no misconduct by anyone tarnish it , and may humanity after victory be the predominant feature in the british fleet .
for myself , individually , i commit my life to him that made me , and may his blessing alight on my endeavours for serving my country faithfully .
a circumstance occurred during the action , which so strongly marks the invincible spirit of the british seamen , when engaging the enemies of their country , that i can not resist the pleasure in making it known to your lordships .
the next day we hastily agreed that in future demonstrations we would demand 70 % of fees up front by bank transfer before entering the country .
yes , in turkey a bank there called garanti have offered 150,000 just to sport their logo for three weeks and travel around the country , and play a few games here and there .
so , more often than not , the frst port of call in a new country was to a bank .
we had been ripped off about a hundred times in about a dozen countries to know better than to just jump into a taxi without sorting the price frst .
we often breathed a sigh of relief when the cash came in and we left the country .
after a few glasses , jan asked us what we thought of his country ( how many times have we been asked that question ? ) .
will they let you leave the country ?
three weeks later , i was healed enough to leave the country .
much like the occupation of a country or island , there will be some resistance and discomfort during the introduction of the occupation of a brain , but eventually if successful full acceptance .
however , resistance is never slain entirely , it is only individuals who are slain for resisting an invasion , through colonisation by religious or ideological methods of a country or a brain .
the chinese had incorporated tibet to their territory in the earlier part of the century , they did not have control of the entire country though and many mountain regions where un - monitored by the chinese military at this time , hitler wanted to get in there first .
this was one of the earliest christian - dominated cities in northern europe , it was once as central to europe as any capital is to a country .
just along the coast at shoreham was the main harbour and port for the south of england where all kinds of foreign aristocracy entered and left , also where the plague is said to have entered the country of england .
austria was hitlers homeland and a country boasting possibly the deepest cave in the world , looking through the pages of his log books he found the outline of the mission .
subtile had gone , leaving him marooned in a stone age country .
he realized now that some senior officers would come from his country .
if you were seen as the figurehead of all that plagues our country , then more would die at these barricades .
the whole country was a tinderbox .
no no she was a short - timer , she has probable hit her deros ( date expected return from overseas ) , meaning she was probable stateside and not in country any longer .
and he certainly did nt want his family notified he had been killed in vietnam , when he was really lying dead somewhere in the weeds and grass of the wrong country .
she had been in country for almost a year .
in fact i was born in that country .
... and now , most of all ... payback ... payback ... for their ten companions lying , or parts of them lying , stone cold dead over a large portion of this wretched country .
although i thought i was in my own country we 're still in the middle of nowhere !
her accent , jack figured from some central american country , made anything she said sound exotic .
what a wonderful country you live in !
on the other side of this sea lay england , a country they would recognize as their own .
in 1982 , israeli premier menachem begin demanded that lebanese president , bachir gemayel , remove them from his country .
however , gemayel had to balance interests of competing factions within lebanon and refused many of israel 's demands , including his refusal to allow the israeli army to enter his country .
currans business requires frequent overseas calls , so that s not unusual ; there are a lot of country codes and city codes common to all the records .
night watchman piecing together local news accounts of the shooting , there were references to a witness , a night watchman at the country club .
when he got into the country , the situation was more hostile than the government had predicted and the army found itself fighting factional battles with whichever warlord decided to confront them .
the country was already in an intense civil war .
the miami coast guard navigation center was located at 909 southeast 1st avenue , one mile south of the port authority where majiid had entered the country the day before .
we have nt been able to find them , and they could be anywhere in the country by now .
majiid felt very important and would surely gain a high post , perhaps a ministers position when he returned to his home country .
there s a situation with a high - level minister in iran who needs our help to escape from the country .
in his active army career , he went into the country to rescue someone .
not exactly , we have native intelligence agents in country .
the essence of the plan involved one covert operative , peter , entering the country and exiting with sheik abu qatada under his protection .
other than the entrance and exit plan , he would be improvising once inside the country .
ill also send two of my seals to help get your gear ashore in country .
despite western impressions to the contrary , iran is a country of legendary hospitality .
peter replied , they will be using every asset searching the country for you and the roads will be blocked .
at metro center , they were able to transfer to the main rail lines serving the country .
he told peter that it was all set to operate like a normal touch - tone phone and all he had to do was dial the number , starting with the country code .
he felt attached to ali qatada who was a senior and felt heartbroken when alis family was expelled from the country .
we are creating a record of the extraction of an iranian minister from his country by major shields and our naval sof team .
this meeting is to record the events when major shields was alone in country .
jen went on , from what we ve learned , the information passed to the press in venezuela came directly from the embassy to a journalist in country .
it was like his native country , only more humid .
the iranian minister did something akin to national heroism in his country .
but , his country needs him one more time .
the central display was the size of a multiplex cinema screen showing a virtual map of the whole country .
as a result , crime and violence are serious problems throughout the country and can occur anywhere .
while drug cartel violence is most severe in northern mexico , it is prominent in other parts of the country as well , said dps director steven c. mccraw .
like peter , she had bled for her country .
its one of those complex emotional things where she linked her feelings to some notion that i would lead a normal life and it all took a hit when i volunteered to go in country without even talking to her first .
most are your country analysts who handle the operations in your region .
when the army arrived in the country , the situation was more hostile than the government had predicted .
but he genuinely felt that he was serving his country and he was exceptional in his role .
stokes said , you know , i ve spent some time in the sand countries fighting terrorists , and i m not sure we can ever really win this kind of thing .
most of the terrain was urban where juarez and el paso faced each other , with only a canal and a couple roads separating the two countries .
every news service in the country converged on el paso , and it was virtually impossible to avoid hearing the story over and over again .
sc project and went back in country .
the cia had projects all over the globe and spent billions of dollars in the war zones : yemen , somalia , iran and dozens of other countries .
someone interested in damaging his career could make it appear that he had conflicting interests with the country .
in country stokes reported at the border crossing when instructed .
i just need clearance to go in country when i land .
in country crossing the border was easier than peter had expected .
this guy padilla is one of the worst in a country littered with corruption .
mr . vitale is out of the country .
the walls were covered in flat screen monitors showing various portions of the country and the world in tactical overlays with glowing situation markers .
became a naturalized citizen so i could bring wisdom to this benighted country .
many legends pointed to almont , but other sources suggested towns in much more remote parts of the country .
` ` it 's foreign stuff , john brings it back from some o ' the warmer countries .
it was good that she 'd met someone so helpful , she thought , for her first attempt at buying something in a foreign country .
instead , raf asked , ` ` so do you know which country we 're in ? ''
easier not to mention that he was in a different country at the time , or she 'd lose what little protection she 'd gained by saying he knew she was here .
she 'd hated so much about taraska , hated their slavery and their taxes , hated the way that absolutely everything in the country had been for sale , and yet in a way the days she 'd spent there with raf after their escape planning their next steps and wandering invisibly in their counterfeit robes , sparring together and learning from one another had been the happiest she 'd felt all year .
` ` it is a vast country , '' daniel said .
this is all well and good , but i do nt think either you or your fianc realize how difficult the terrain is in that part of the country .
many of them , particularly in this part of the country , have never seen a white man before .
this country is so unpredictable , he thought .
if i can get it out of this godforsaken country and into california , it will become the crown jewel of my entire collection .
white men were a rarity in this part of the country .
forcing catalina out of his mind , eric thought about the golden disk of the sun and the man who had tried to take the priceless antiquity out of the country .
it contained basic information , name , address , country , and email address .
you go , just remember that a foreign country is not designed to make you comfortable .
this is a new country , new people , and a different game than what you re used to .
i hope you understand , in my country when you leave someone that has helped you as much as you have , we do this .
he would lead his country proudly and he would lead it well .
perhaps , one such amazing child was born into poverty or a third world country , killed during a war , or even murdered at the hands of a pedophile .
pakistan is another country ... . you guys are drunk .
first of all , you , the thirty - seven people in this room , including me , have all worked on this project for the last decade or more in different parts of the country , totally unknown to the other teams .
when the british got ahead of the americans , congress suddenly wanted reports from him , and the other company participating in the race , earth - exit inc . why were the american companies being shown up by a rich brit with an airline that was flying out of california , their very own country ?
the country was between warsvietnam and the first gulf warand her choices were transport or refueling .
he is extremely smart ; i think he s one of the best minds in this country right now .
this is still a free country , and you have those freedoms inside my boundaries on this airfield , ms . sullivan .
unfortunately , with a changing situation in our country and the rest of the world , the political climate has become very cutthroat .
i believe that there are at least a dozen people out there , mostly in washington or the pentagon , and some in other countries , who will invade our private airfield as soon as they begin to suspect what we are doing .
until then he was as good as the car passenger jonesy was when he drove them across the country .
this country is one of the best friends to the u.s . and , naturally once any contract is signed , you will get copies of all that is going on .
only if and when an agreement is signed will i be allowed by the king to divulge the name of his country .
we like to know what is happening in our country , and we get very worried if something does nt seem right to us , the man replied .
i heard from the federal reserve that you might be bringing illegal contraband into the country .
he enjoyed europe and lived in three countries ; england , germany and portugal for 15 years before returning to africa ; cape town in 1989 .
there are ten counts , or chapters , in book ii , which will soon be followed by twelve more books ( the sixth to be published next , entitled that girl started her own country ) that will continue into the twenty - first century , and then into the future ( the boy who played with dark matter , the eleventh book ) , featuring offspring of the count of monte cristo .
since the book was written , this monte cristo has emerged as the sultan of albania ; but he is nt any ordinary sultan , as he lets haydee , his sultana , run the country while he travels the world , up and down the silk routes , from there to china , where he feasts upon exotic delicacies , such as bird nests .
i will need clear vision to see my first act as queen in my new country .
i do nt know why i am going there , but my when my sister in law asked me to go to burkina faso i asked her what country it was in .
silly me , it turns out it is a country , the second poorest one in the world .
i led them into this place , one of the largest cave openings in the country , and it is my job to lead them out , in the dark .
bout any third world country they are knocked up with a few kids by 20 .
a true visionary who could have done wonders for this country .
will we ever get tired of living in this so called free country ?
most people in this country are miserable .
it 's bad enough i spent five years fighting the blighters , now they re over here in my country .
did you ever stop to think that it was their country and they did nt want you there ; just like you guys with the germans in your last war ?
yes , the owner is the richest man in the country and certainly one of the wealthier ones globally .
there was nothing stopping her dossing around the country for a few weeks and then jetting off for white sandy beaches and bath - water - warm seas .
once she had had time to think it through it seemed ludicrous that a company would continue to pay her a generous salary while she dossed around the country writing a few tweets and posting some snaps on facebook .
not a part of the country claire had been to before .
what country will you be traveling in ?
i do nt get to see much of the country unless its the inside of a theatre .
so , what brings you this side of the country ?
it was one thing travelling around the country in a modern audi , knowing you were staying in a four star hotel when you got there .
the one claire thought was ola was clearly puzzled that someone would choose to travel solo round their own country in the middle of winter .
he knew nothing of the wildlife in this part of the country .
there are a lot of bears in this country , and other things .
at the beginning i named this novel , forget - me - not , after the famous flower , which has an evil and important role in the books , my novel the ieloharis island , after the imaginary country and thanks to a good friend of mine for suggesting this idea .
she observed the university building how was getting closer , with the country ieloharis island flag on top , light blue with the green island in the middle , divided in four sectors , being symbolized on it the four emblems ( the full and silver moon , the open book , the golden sun and a torch with purple fire ) which symbolized the tree towns and the two capitals of the island , careville and sareville .
what part of the country do you come from mr hogg ?
there is still a good chance the hun will think twice before launching an invasion of this country and unless he invades he can not win and he can not invade without first beating the navy and nobody has ever managed that .
grey tried not to show surprise , a common enough name in your country , i understand .
one of the slavic countries perhaps ?
besides , if you re from any country besides the us , then you probably do nt consider the age of 18 to be a candidate for underage drinking .
my family was the first of our clan to come to this country , explained yoshi .
despite the good nature of the portuguese traders who visited our country , japanese followers of christ were often persecuted .
she also studied and mastered the different languages , cultures , customs and traditions of the various countries that she had been living in with her family .
and it came to pass that the two cousins ended up living in different countries .
in his short life he had already moved to three different countries .
so in order to keep the child away from the evil ones experiments , the parents moved with the child to another country .
many of them had fought in southern countries and knew perfectly well that , on the whole , elephants are kind and peaceful creatures .
the family moved gradually westwards as the country became liberated from the enemy .
they were brave and courageous men and had perished in the defence their country as the angel put it : their fate was a cruel , yet beautiful one .
flying over so many places and countries michael and ben realised that they had a wide - branching and far - flung family tree .
but the robots congregate in other countries and cities as well and can easily entrench themselves in a normal country although , its more difficult for them to gain a foothold in these places .
there were only two forests like this left in the country .
east , in the country of the buffalo eaters .
gan said , with the tribe after us , and altanar so inhospitable , you tell me our other choice is to travel across the whole of devil country while they hunt for us .
full of arrogance , he seemed to be telling them that the meal was his due , payment from interlopers to one of the rightful lords of the country .
please enjoy this preview : chapter 1 awareness that they d been riding deeper into devil country for a week pressed against gans back like a cold hand .
they seem to believe they can hide in the country of the mountain people while they wait for the opportunity to exchange your sister and the priestess for safety .
but honor demands i kill gan moondark , and the country of the mountain people is large , with many places to hide .
shed never understood how a few inches of snow could bring the whole damn country to a halt .
i do nt know where they got a tan like that ; it certainly was nt in this country .
if what i ' ve come across in my travels is representative of the situation in the rest of the country , there ca n't be more than a few thousand people left on the whole continent .
i have a theory that people were able to stay in their homes for a longer period of time out in the country .
two countries in the indigo ocean , explained maximilian , commanded by the wizard of laboria and the witch of bivia , separated by a small patch of sea and opposites in everything .
he d slipped the korean phrase for our country into his fairly good english .
this country is moving ahead so fast we seem like an anachronism here .
it was nt so easy to suddenly leave a country that you had come to regard as home .
the country is so small you almost feel like ... you re wearing the place .
how come there are so many countries we ca nt visit , cuba for instance ?
if we pulled out of vietnam , all the neighboring countries would fall over and we d be fighting the commies in los angeles .
this is the first country with pcvs , so we jumped on a bus and headed for the peace corps office on agno street .
she was probably only late thirties , but had the prematurely old look so many women in asian countries had especially from rural areas .
just one more country !
i love this country !
she always feared we d starve like her people did in the old country .
i might even have been sent to some other country .
i knew little else about the country .
i again left my native country .
many of us are former pcvs , so at least we understand that we are in a foreign country and must show some respect .
people are holding desperately on to their jobs , hating the work and the country , but afraid to leave .
a typical meal in a country that had let its agriculture go to pot .
the ceiling is caving in on the whole country and people are still coming in .
the whole country is like that .
frightened people desperate to get out of the country filled every square inch .
even at my most alert , a trip through this country would be a huge undertaking .
it is supposed to be the best in the country , maybe even in the world .
astralis sends out walker scouts constantly , all over the country , looking for others in the hopes of reaching out and offering help .
now maybe he is one of your best buddies and maybe he knows how to give someone a bloody nose in a high school fight , but that do nt mean he knows how to handle himself in a foreign country up against what could be trained killers .
as boring as this is , parker explained , without some basic knowledge it would never make sense to send you on a mission to a foreign country .
that s just like her , to have me race across the country on a wild - goose - chase without so much as a text message .
the northern corner of the country was dominated by an extinct volcano and they headed towards it .
the northern half of the country was labelled sheng long , the province of the dragon , while the southern half was named sheng hu , the province of the tiger .
the cotton cloth that the women produced was sold in neighbouring countries and it was this money that supported and fed everybody in the vandal camps .
chapter 16 the vandals plan dragar the dreadful had been successful in his raids on other countries because of careful planning and he now set his mind to plotting his attack on the dragon province .
as well , in the history of frizland the snow trolls had been the fiercest of soldiers and had so seriously defeated the enemies who had invaded their country that there had been no further conflict for over a hundred years .
once that had been captured he would be in control of the whole country .
in rashiva , the most beautiful of the desert countries in the other world , answered maximilian proudly .
atalai 's country , frizland , is extremely cold which is very different from here .
the sleigh came to a halt in the central square and they were approached by an old man dressed in the traditional drakespear costume which consisted of a fur waistcoat over a colourful shirt , long leather trousers and fur boots , a three - quarter fur coat and , on top , a woollen cap in the country 's national colours of purple and green .
he did n't give his name and i did n't dare ask as the frizlanders were still in control of our country .
it must have been brazil or one of the other south american countries .
that is a good impression to be making , especially for a king with a country as large as yours .
around the same time , you also started taking some unknown medication from people who represented a hostile country , and you actually continued to take that unknown medication after that first time .
the jewels a neighboring country had sent as the wedding present were stunning and quickly the diamonds gleamed on her like sparkling stars .
this required some heavy planning and as we rounded the next corner , i thought to contact the one person from my home country who might have some ability to rescue myself and my animal .
` ` i 'll trade you some candy from my country . ''
dreary old england found itself in little better shape ; his homeland had tied itself so firmly to its former colony that as the yanks went down , they brought the queens country with it .
i was still tense after meeting doyle , and had begun to believe i would leave the country worse than when i d found it , when i happened upon mary kelly .
he will be in your country without passport , a trespasser .
and mine , clint offered quietly , has come from a thousand ports in a hundred countries , full of hard , skilled men who fancy themselves and their abilities .
at first , hawk did not recognize him , now that he was dressed in a decent jerga and the flat - crowned hat and fine leather boots of the vaquero , riding two of the finest horses in the country , but when he did , he welcomed clint with open arms .
how would you like to see some new country ?
as long as it is no closer to the stocks , or to the alcaldes juzgado , i would like new country .
a great country , this alta california , he thought , never boring , at least .
they were outnumbered , almost equally gunned , and already going into the country of the yokuts , following the cat into his lair .
this country is much like the floor of the ton tache , except there it is occasionally swampy or marshy since it is a basin for the water from the high mountains beyond .
this is country the yokuts is used to , country like that in which he hunts every day .
that amid the fact that the country had little cover made traveling relatively easy .
his country was at war with mexico and consequently alta california .
his wife kat martin is a new york times bestselling , internationally published , romantic suspense and historical romance author , published in over a dozen foreign languages and in two dozen countries .
ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com table of contents prologue chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 chapter 22 chapter 23 chapter 24 chapter 25 chapter 26 prologue : code of conduct of the u.s . armed forces i am an american , fighting in the forces which guard my country and our way of life .
i will never forget that i am an american , fighting for freedom , responsible for my actions , and dedicated to the principles which made my country free .
we were waiting for the jumpmasters to signal our first high altitude low opening ( halo ) jump in country .
the fighting in this province had been the worst in country during the past few months , costing numerous american lives .
no , if i was convicted i would likely be sent to the only level three military correctional facility in the country : fort leavenworth , kansas .
all of this without a single civilian knowing of their true sacrifices for country .
' the sword and the dagger ' fial mcmurrin loved only one women , angelina , he also loved his country .
when did reichmann arrive in the country again ?
coming from ( city , state and/or country ) : los angeles , california , united states of america .
his passing has left the country in a state of concern , with his sole heir being a child , far too young to rule in his place .
as king , nothing could stop him from preying on innocent children and families throughout the country .
claire could nt leave the country not knowing whether sky might need her again .
at last , i ve left the country !
i yelled , finally coming to my senses and demanding my god - given constitutional right in this glorious country of ours .
if you can shoot a rifle for your country you should nt worry about suffering for hours in the comforts of your home because some nurse or doctor still abides by the ancient idea a little pain is good for the soul .
other parts of the country have their own flavor of the culinary delights they specialize in and i m not about to disparage the wonderful cajun spices of louisiana or the bountiful seafood available on the upper east coast but for overall greatness one only has to visit big d to enjoy the most mouth - watering meals this great earth has to offer .
so i guess its okay to use people as some kind of pregnant feeding tube but you draw the line at stealing from a bunch of rich designers who employ malnourished children from third - world countries to make stilettos , huh ?
the people our ancestors wronged can never be compensated for denying them the very thing which sets this country apart from others ; that an individual has inherent rights .
named for a great man who must ve done great things to have the greatest state in the greatest country name their capitol after him , austin is both eclectic and laid back , rich in tolerance and low in sensibility .
where was andys country , when andy needed them ?
if they are anywhere in the country , we should know their every movement .
if any damage had been done by these two terrorists , yeah , maybe he did have a phobia sometimes , whatever country they were from and affiliation they were associated with , would feel the full wrath and hell that stryker would bring down on them !
listen general , i love my country and my job !
they had been living in five different locations in the country , keeping an extremely low profile .
they have to know that mr . stryker will do everything in his power to wipe them off the face of the earth , even if he has to destroy a country to do it !
i have laid it all out for god and country !
even the country that worried the west and its allies the most , iran had turned him away .
once we gave them the information as to who had successfully infiltrated the country , they immediately stormed the house .
his last contact with al akbar had made him aware that stryker knew he was in the country and had put a two million dollar bounty on his head .
he would lose face and honor if he were to head back to his country .
what was his country now ?
i feel as if we are declaring war on our own country !
not only for his security , which was minor is his mind , but for his beloved country .
i was a young person then , but the sight of what terrorists did to our country and all those people , i found myself in a killing rage .
i ve known you general stilwell , and stryker long enough to believe neither of you would sell out our country !
he figured that he would travel on the ship until he found a country that was interesting and then he d just jump off and stay .
dragging arnold across the country with the infected out there is not the best way for me to achieve that .
but i can not recognize them specifically from normal humans because they do nt show them selves much in the day time and stay away from normal people like us and live in a separate part of our country mostly surrounded by forests and woodlands and also they disguise themselves when they have to appear in front of normal people for any particular reason .
during this time high class billionaires tend to make it an opportunity to meet up with the head of magicians and make deals to protect the normal human kind from bad evil magicians who only use their magic to get power , immortality and to rule this country and may be the even world .
me and my friends thought of ordering 3 strawberry and peach milkshakes because ordering a brand like coca cola which we can drink from any country in the world will not adds any specialty to our trip to dubai .
i manger to bring back my health to a good safaris and get discharged from the hospital and we flew back to our country australia i had many medical check ups every weekend f a month and got my stitches cut and my arm fixed just like it used to be after having a hard time with keeping it at one angle for two weeks .
i sent a letter to the headmaster saying i will be flying overseas to another country .so ill be leaving university .
gosh how can i stay without dying alive when thinking about these fun times that will just be some memories for ever please guys keep this as a secret because i actually even took my leaving today from the headmaster saying that i will be leaving overseas to another country to do my higher stdies.im sorry guys how can i look at your faces and tell something like ill be leaving you ll forever ?
` ` my family 's from arkham we ' ve lived here for almost one hundred years and miskatonic has the best research facilities in the country , '' he thought .
you saved my country , my people .
you ca n't just march into a country and do that . ''
he does not belong in this country , goddamned german .
the whole country is run by priests .
magellan was to be appointed governor of any countries or islands discovered : the title is to be handed down to you and your sons and rightful heirs forever , so they remain for us and the kings that come after us , and your sons and heirs being natives of our realms and being married in them ; and of this we send you our formal letter of privileges .
and in the morning , abraham looked towards sodom and gomorrah , and toward all the land of the plain , and beheld the smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a volcano and all was destroyed .
he thought he should probably inform paul as a matter of courtesy that his country had been appropriated by the king of spain but he did nt know the patagonian words for holy roman emperor .
european ideas were as odd to them as native customs were to europeans , and different islands as different from one another as european countries .
this was a practice they could have learned from civilised countries like spain , although beheading was more common there than hanging .
you may walk in my country as if in your own house and i will receive you as my sons .
now my country , tidore , belongs to don caros and my grandson , colafapi , will become king of ternate and my friend the rajah of bacchian will swear obedience , and mutir and macchian will also join and we shall all become part of the kingdom of spain as our protector .
god gave the portuguese a small country to live in and all the world to die in .
this was a secret project that used labourers from impoverished african countries , people who had no knowledge of archaeology and what their stories could mean .
and yes , as soon as i report there s been a breakthrough , marcellus will pick up the phone and his men will swoop in and kick diaz drilling out the country .
you found the country where the tomb lies .
his diary was sent to his son from the country of their destination , which we now know is french guiana .
two - thirds of the population are descended from african slaves from the two other guiana countries , guyana and surinam .
the other man , picked up at cayenne , was a guide who obviously did nt need to study the country .
the river was technically the divide between the two countries of french guiana and brazil , right and left respectively on a map .
a fifty - mile wide section of super - humid forest on the north - east corner of the country , where even the mosquitoes get hot and sweaty .
it was hoped that clues found inside the ruins would shed light on exactly where in this country - the smallest in south america , yet bigger than england - a babylonian king had long ago been laid to rest .
this is supposed to be a tropical country .
patrick stayed on in this country .
there was a roughly triangular - shaped island in the centre of the river , covered like most of this country by greenery .
i ve had enough of this country and its serious lack of pubs .
it must be fun , seeing the country , getting to meet new people .
purbeck is an amazing part of the country , with beaches to rival the continent .
she had lived in several third - world countries where shopping was a daily burden , and shortages were the norm .
who says this is n't a great country ?
` ` in the country we all share the land for growing .
` ` all i know is that it 's impossible to penetrate japan and very difficult to get to most countries in the pacific . ''
he saw the pride of the country he stood in and could feel the freedom she fought hard to obtain .
he had killed billy in front of thousands of people and he would not be able to easily escape the country if he stuck around .
the man in charge of the new correctional centre , warden ellis , was travelling the country selecting a shortlist of candidates for his new scheme and i managed to get an audience with him .
although for most of her childhood she was cared for by a string of nannies as mitch was frequently away serving for his country as she mentioned before .
although ill be sorry to see you all leave , i know the work you ll be doing will be of paramount importance to the youth community in washington state and indeed across the country , said the warden .
molly had been brought up by a string of nannies because mitch had been away for long periods of time serving for his country .
he swallowed up the countries of austria and czechoslovakia peacefully , and on september 1 , 1939 , attacked poland and thus started world war 2 .
prior to the battle , american intelligence mysteriously learned that the germans were planning a major attack in the south of the country .
they took my country , they took my home , if i stay on the road they may take me , she shuddered and looked wildly around in fear .
her eyes got round as he told about his country .
i would like to see your country sometime , she exclaimed .
when the boche took over the country , the school was closed and i have been trying to live ever since .
i liked being in a foreign country and learning about the people and their customs .
he looked at angelique , your country has such a long and beautiful history , i really enjoyed it .
merci , i am glad that you like my country .
have you really seen all those places in your country that you told me about yesterday ?
what it took the soldiers of britain , germany , italy , china , japan , russia , france , and every other country in the world a year to learn , the american soldiers learned in one battle , the battle of kassarine pass .
england had always been a wet country , but this was ridiculous .
lucy realised they were nt in england anymore , but an equally beautiful country far across the sea .
shapes strewn across its surface looked like shadowy outlines of strange new countries .
even though shed visited hot and humid countries before , there was something about being in transit from a country in the early grips of summer to a country in deep winter that had left her unprepared for a tropical stopover .
even though shed visited hot and humid countries before , there was something about being in transit from a country in the early grips of summer to a country in deep winter that had left her unprepared for a tropical stopover .
even though shed visited hot and humid countries before , there was something about being in transit from a country in the early grips of summer to a country in deep winter that had left her unprepared for a tropical stopover .
our readers are considering holidays in hot countries and , as it is winter in new zealand , it is unlikely to appeal to them .
enjoy your stay in new zealand , i understand itto bea beautiful country .
she thought about the price of her airfare , about the opportunities shed given up by leaving the country without talking to carl or conor.i could be sitting on a beach in the maldives , instead of stuck in this stupid hostel spending even more cash on food .
what does it matter which bus takes me around the damn country .
carl and julia would ve had a field day finding activities for me in this damned country .
its a beautiful country , the weather is mostly gorgeous and the locals friendly .
i m never likely to come to this country again and i could nt even keep my eyes open for a few hours to admire the scenery .
new zealand was certainly the country of the verb .
bethan proved herself well versed in the history of the country and the maoris , adding snippets of information and reducing the amount of sign - reading claire had to do .
when she thought about the money shed spent on tours and experiences since arriving in the country , and here was this amazing facility at no cost .
this is my second tour of the country .
this behaviour was sometimes a bit of a relief considering how so many of his rants would tail off into how he d run the country with freedom for all and how many pies the king ate for lunch .
but you re changing your identity and fleeing the country to avoid him ?
how do you know that she can help you and get you out of the country ?
you re getting fake ids so you can leave the country .
this is the woman who is going to help you flee the country ?
he traveled to other states and countries and boasted of texas business friendliness , low taxes and non - union workforce .
it even had trouble with its own country .
after consulting with fire experts and reviewing the footage a panel of bi - partisan electors has reached a conclusion ; the fire was not set by any of our loyal citizens but instead was an elaborate ruse by the mexican government to make our great state and the best country on the planet look bad in front of the eyes of the world .
from this moment forward the state of texas declares the country of mexico to be a renegade .
in fact it was estimated the greatest amount of life - forms on the entire earth were present in the frigid waters between alaska and her one - time parent country , russia .
he could nt understand the latest trend which had sprung up in his beloved country ; unflavorful food .
it was nt that the citizens who emigrated from south america were any more inclined to fight for their previous heritage as it was they had no desire to see their new - found country act like an imperialistic bully and take by force what they could not gain through treaty .
well now , ya know , not the whole pipeline , just a part of the section which ran through our country here .
well , from our southern neighboring countries , yes .
as if on cue the soldiers from the south threw beans cherished by the north into the muddy waters of the rio grande which made it an even darker reminder of the rift between the countries .
our brave military heroes have been relegated to river - sipping since we ca nt seem to find a country with the ability to grow a proper coffee bean .
well , it seems the prevailing political view down here is rather right - minded in their thinking of not wanting anything to do with a drink they feel was the preferred beverage of a country who we fought a bloody war with , nick .
first clan could send their wolves into battle with third while the countries of america and mexico fought .
some thought they might somehow skip the usa altogether and just battle it out in the lower southern countries but were silenced by the fact of american involvement everywhere in the world .
the vampires quickly came to the conclusion if good old uncle sam was not involved in the conflict he would definitely be aware of the problems , keep watch on the situation and not help but notice a few thousand wolves tearing up a small village in some back - water country whose only claim to fame was potato farming and pot pushing .
it might have ended there , a local conflict in a sovereign country if not for the canadalaskan pipeline conflict .
he was a formidable youth and thought his country was correct in thwarting the peoples of such inherently un - good looks .
the citizens of quebec are not under siege , they are free to leave so long as they declare allegiance to their country .
now , his country no longer claimed specific areas as theirs but the gulf was nt so hard to see across .
as of ten minutes ago the country count was even but the population numbers , well , those are something completely different .
the passport of a person sought for a criminal offense may be cancelled without hearing , to compel his return to the country he has fled .
these facts lead us straight to the conclusion that the chinese cemetery is not used by a family or a small portion of a community but by a particular race long existing in the country and of considerable numbers .
admittedly springing from a deep , militant , and positive nationalistic impulse , the law purports to protect citizen and country from the alien retailer .
the alien retailer must have started plying his trades in this country in the bigger centers of population ( time there was when he was unknown in provincial towns and villages ) .
we do not have here in this country isolated groups of harmless aliens retailing goods among nationals ; what we have are well organized and powerful groups that dominate the distribution of goods and commodities in the communities and big centers of population .
the alien resident owes allegiance to the country of his birth or his adopted country ; his stay here is for personal convenience ; he is attracted by the lure of gain and profit .
his aim or purpose of stay , we admit , is neither illegitimate nor immoral , but he is naturally lacking in that spirit of loyalty and enthusiasm for this country where he temporarily stays and makes his living , or of that spirit of regard , sympathy and consideration for his filipino customers as would prevent him from taking advantage of their weakness and exploiting them .
the faster he makes his pile , the earlier can the alien go back to his beloved country and his beloved kin and countrymen .
the experience of the country is that the alien retailer has shown such utter disregard for his customers and the people on whom he makes his profit , that it has been found necessary to adopt the legislation , radical as it may seem .
another objection to the alien retailer in this country is that he never really makes a genuine contribution to national income and wealth .
the alien 's interest in this country being merely transient and temporary , it would indeed be ill - advised to continue entrusting the very important function of retail distribution to his hands .
it may be judicially known , however , that alien coming into this country are without the intimate knowledge of our laws , customs , and usages that our own people have .
furthermore , it is natural and reasonable to suppose that the foreign born , whose allegiance is first to their own country , and whose ideals of governmental environment and control have been engendered and formed under entirely different regimes and political systems , have not the same inspiration for the public weal , nor are they as well disposed toward the united states , as those who by citizenship , are a part of the government itself .
freedom and liberty are not real and positive if the people are subject to the economic control and domination of others , especially if not of their own race or country .
it would have been recreant to its duties towards the country and its people would it view the sorry plight of the nationals with the complacency and refuse or neglect to adopt a remedy commensurate with the demands of public interest and national survival .
conclusion resuming what we have set forth above we hold that the disputed law was enacted to remedy a real actual threat and danger to national economy posed by alien dominance and control of the retail business and free citizens and country from dominance and control ; that the enactment clearly falls within the scope of the police power of the state , thru which and by which it protects its own personality and insures its security and future ; that the law does not violate the equal protection clause of the constitution because sufficient grounds exist for the distinction between alien and citizen in the exercise of the occupation regulated , nor the due process of law clause , because the law is prospective in operation and recognizes the privilege of aliens already engaged in the occupation and reasonably protects their privilege ; that the wisdom and efficacy of the law to carry out its objectives appear to us to be plainly evident as a matter of fact it seems not only appropriate but actually necessary and that in any case such matter falls within the prerogative of the legislature , with whose power and discretion the judicial department of the government may not interfere ; that the provisions of the law are clearly embraced in the title , and this suffers from no duplicity and has not misled the legislators or the segment of the population affected ; and that it can not be said to be void for supposed conflict with treaty obligations because no treaty has actually been entered into on the subject and the police power may not be curtailed or surrendered by any treaty or any other conventional agreement .
his was a singular and all - exacting obsession : the return of freedom to his country .
now we can look forward with new hope that under the constitution of the future every filipino shall be truly sovereign in his own country , able to express his will through the pristine ballow with only his conscience as his counsel .
mike had travelled before and so was not feeling all that stressed about waiting around the arrivals area in a strange airport in an asian country .
he had nt slept in twenty - four hours and was in a strange country with no useful language or literacy skills .
it was obvious that he was a foreigner in a strange country and way out of his depth .
` ` so how is it that you really know so much about this country , mark ? ''
having spent the last six years in this country , he had really seen and done all the things that were to be seen and done .
he was happy to remember his humble beginnings in this wonderful country but felt confronted by the realization that he had grown considerably since he had lived in this area .
he took off his shoes in the genkan area , like any other long - term resident of this country would , and proceeded on to the kitchen area on the right .
it was cute and did nt affect her employment prospects in any other country , other than the country in which jon , most wished she could stay .
it was cute and did nt affect her employment prospects in any other country , other than the country in which jon , most wished she could stay .
` ` that no one in this country really gives a fuck about eating moby dick and his friend flipper , except those fucking nationalists . ''
things kind of ground to a halt after this and there was a long silenceperfectly acceptable in japan , although awkward in any other country .
could nt get any interest in this country ; so we went stateside .
that s what s brought me back to this country .
through further questions katherine learned that barbara had bought a passport and from the description guessed that her mum had left the country with john .
raphael said , people across ze entire country will already be learning our name .
a cameraman nodded to tia who said , i m here in leicester square with the band smash hits this week advocate could be the hardest working band in the country .
i love only when its saturday but vanquar is not looking to sign rock bands for this country at this time .
they d travel the length of the country for eight dates of colossal arena and stadium venues before filming two videos somewhere around brighton .
the family however missed italy and rather than a full immigration members travelled between the two countries for years at a time .
with singles , video and album , the used wonz had their feet under the table but johnny did nt take chances at the start of gigs in the country they hoped soon to call home .
you reckon i m nuts because you think i gambled the bands future but we were just discussing you handing over seven - thousand quid only to watch me leave the country for weeks to record another album .
bradley scrutinized a few more coins and concluded that they were indeed real but of some other country .
were not going to any other country .
we can figure it out later , and if we get to that country , it will be handy .
as far as i understand based on what you told us yesterday about the way you got into this country to begin with , you have a great potential for flying .
he could not even trick them into taking him out under a pretense that he was hungry , because apparently they did not have to eat in this country .
she demonstrated to megan how to fly and told her that she should be practicing and taking it seriously since without the capability to fly nobody really could get things done in this country .
an opportunity to get out of the country of the unknowns might come up when she had access to other places besides this room .
its great we do nt have to eat in this country , she thought to herself .
maybe they learned to fly , saw things around this country and decided to stay voluntarily are they also kids ?
their goal was to get as far away as they could and then start thinking about a way to find megan and get out of this country altogether .
but we should nt do it , because as soon as we learn how to fly they ll make us take the test , after which we wo nt be able to get out of this country anymore .
could it be true that this entire country had only people of this age and nobody else ?
bradley heard that john on the other side of the wall began to complain and to express his doubts that they would not be able to leave the country should they learn to fly .
or have they learned to fly , got freedom to move around this country but shut the way back to their homes ?
when you learn to fly , you will lose all hope of getting out of this country .
was it possible that if one did nt give a weird phenomenon a thought , in this country it just happened ?
then they could all get to the meeting room of the unknowns and find the tube , through which they came into this country , and try climbing out .
it sounded like john was really hooked up on flying , and he was no longer concerned with the fact that this promoted their permanent imprisonment in this country .
what they were really losing was freedom of choice to stay in this country and keep flying if they wanted to , or go back to their world should that be their choice .
he was not sure that at this point john would listen to his pleas to not fly in order to not get stuck in this country .
they d been in this country for much longer , and they had plenty of opportunities to start flying if not to take the test already .
if not for the laws they established for their country , this place would indeed be very enjoyable with all these possibilities that it offered .
the history of the country was very long , going all the way back to the ancient society .
they did not have to eat , for example , which would go well with the idea that they were actually frozen in some point in time at which they got into this country , but why did they have to sleep ?
did that mean that only people from english speaking countries got into this world ?
that s the whole point ; there is no 9 p.m. in this country .
so do you know more precisely what part of the country we could be in ?
this is what s amazing about this country .
i ca nt imagine moving a hundred miles for anyone i ve met so far , never mind half way round the world , away from my country and my family .
oh , i ca nt really explain it , but at least the animals are native to this country and in their natural habitat .
we met on the bus , though , so i ve seen both sides of the country .
with all respect , my lady , he said , the seven have kept our country safe for centuries , even from your mighty calandran army .
to be fair , religion had served their country well at times , being one of the few things around which the traditionally independent people could rally .
apparently , they re some of most affluent people of the country .
you re jewish and you were living in one of the most conservative , jesus - preaching regions of the country ?
its like i just stepped into an all - new country and i left my suitcase at the airport .
you keep screwin up and im - a send you to the country .
i will send you to the country , no juegues conmigo , nia .
i really just wan na thank god for not only not making me fat and ugly like most people in this country but making my beauty more better than other girls beauty , and that somebody noticed my beauty and thought that it was just as beautiful as the women whose more better beauty came before mine .
tomika , you know that s just an over - exaggerated caricature in japanese entertainment that gets exported to our country .
look here , mr . abiyoyo , or whatever your name is , this kind and intelligent little girl right here put all she had into her essay to win this contest cause she had a dream of visiting your weird - ass country .
the fire that once ignited his passion and love for the country he for years wanted to call home had been traded for one to take him out .
i m never coming back to this country again , said miyoung .
she gave you to naomi and ran off to the other side of the country with her kid for whatever reason .
like what the governments up to , and what s going on in your corners of the country , and especially what s going on with the kardashians .
hey , minerva , i bet the only poles you re used to seeing are the ones bordering your country , huh ?
he left his blessings behind and deserted his flock for the country .
head to the country .
there were many men , and come to that woman too , who bore the scars of the battles that tore the country and its people to shreds .
' the likes of them will be in the country by now .
y'see , his courage was famous across the whole country , and they say even richard the lion heart himself begged him to come .
it 's been gone from this country for a long long time .
' i ' m going to see that you 're locked away in the filthiest , grimmest prison in the whole bloody country !
they 're going to send someone out to the country to find him .
the weather here is probably the best in the country , and visitors tend to flock to this idyllic locale from places both near and far .
its hard to beat probably the best weather in the country , i replied .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ i found that italian was nt as difficult as i d imagined giddeon and i practiced it while watching television broadcasts from the old country .
he was full blooded comanche , would know this country and how to live off the land if they had to .
if you or the professor could talk to the post commander , he should know where the fourteenth is , if its anywhere in this section of the country .
we are going door - to - door this month , on a survey of the whole country .
of course no , i do nt mean anything by it we just have to be thorough , you see the new year came and went , and with it the country went mad and dry , and my consolation prize was the enumerators badge and papers , and the daily quotas of questions , and the rounds of doors , some friendly , most hesitant and anxious and persuaded , and a few resolutely shut despite the hasty , furtive sounds inside .
if you re careful , this ll last til the country comes back to its senses , he said with a grin , and pulled out a half - empty bottle of whiskey and two glasses from a bottom drawer .
please , lets just dump him somewhere remote and flee the country .
do n't get me wrong , you have a beautiful country , but it is n't home .
what better way to find a reason to live than visiting the most beautiful places the country has to offer , in the summer ?
its a nice part of the country , conor said without inflection .
encircled by the stunning vista , claire wondered for a moment what had possessed her to fly half way round the world , bankrupting herself in the process , to admire the beauty of another country , when shed barely scratched the surface of her own .
the uss george hw bush is an american nuclear powered aircraft carrier , and had just finished one joint exercise ( bombing the crap out of some poor country or other ) and was starting another one manan , so they were just pottering about having a bit of r & r ( rest and recuperation ) , and whilst listening to my predicament a couple of ideas had been floated around .
because at this stage of the game , being based in one particular middle eastern country would be seen as us being biased to some factions , spain is sufficiently far away to level the playing field and fortuitously it is also where you live .
half an hour later , just as it was starting to get dark , first the an-12 arrived ( oops , i nearly said landed ) with a very sleek executive jet almost up its loading ramp , its pilots obviously did nt have a clue where they were going , and did nt want to risk getting lost in this god forsaken country ( wherever it was ) .
~~~~ chapter 9 it was at the beginning of the month of september , in the year of our lord 1982 - three years into the thatcher era - the mary rose would see daylight in less than a month , 437 years after ignominiously sinking below the waves in the solent , and the country was still bathing in the reflected glory of the falklands war ( unless you were the argentinian ambassador that is ) - and it was when suzie met shaun .
year five was a problem , they had to make big decisions , they both had more than enough credits to collect the minor qualifications but they had always had their sights on the top ones , so they agreed to complete their fifth years , which really surprised everyone as when they finally left the hallowed portals for the last time suzie and shaun were already millionaires , between them they had almost a thousand employees and had offices in four countries , but they still padded around naked in their student digs , although they could now pad naked twenty - four hour a day , seven days a week , fifty - two weeks a year , it now boasted central heating and air conditioning , but eventually they relented and moved into the penthouse flat on top of a rather flash skyscraper , but they could still walk to uni work , their offices took up several of the floors below .
you are without a doubt the only person i want to be with physically , emotionally and carnally especially carnally , so the next day i booked into to the most expensive health spa on the country and let them loose , and it was worth every ache and pain of it .
initially it was just to get us into the country permanently but we are now really enjoying working together .
i had finally convinced vicente that he had seen a ghost after he had seen him around mi casa ( when i was in the coma ) , even though they had spent two hours at my bedside quietly talking to each other , but he had finally conceded that he was in his private time , not abagado time , when he had visited my sick bed so his vision was most likely blurred , but i had to agree that if a ghost , any ghost , were to ever reappear at el campo again then i would make sure that he was in a different province , or preferably country at that time , and he was deadly serious , but unfortunately i could nt arrange it this time so charlie , to save an embarrassing situation arising suggested that he remain on board the aircraft when we arrived , until it was moved into the hangar , then he could say his goodbyes to the rest of those in the know and then embark on his jet black jet , with no identification numbers or letters on it ( they must have washed off in the rain - officer ) and wing his way home , a job well done ( or so he thought ) , and as i made my way to the conference room i could not help but grin at charlies parting dig at david .
the uncertainty of not knowing how she was going to be able to afford to live the same life she had been used to , saying goodbye to friends and family to move to a strange country .
i said to him it was more than likely just the move to a new country , but i got the feeling that even though he agreed with me , he knows more about it than he s letting on .
what would be the worst thing someone could do that would make them flee to another country ?
he uses this memory and his intuition about decision making to rule his country well .
despite the hardship and the tiredness we feel in our limbs , we marvel at the beauty of this country , at the verdant greens , and the raw beauty of the yellow plains .
i had a couple of good sessions at the library and i learnt all about the matabele dash from the clutches of the zulu king , chaka , and how mzilikasi invaded the land north of the limpopo , killing anyone who stood in his way , until his people settled to the west of the country .
even back then they were dealing in millions of pounds worth , men were becoming multi - millionaires , paying for whole armies and colonising new countries on the back of their wealth .
do nt forget this all happened before rhodes made his way north and claimed the country for himself .
yes , yes , very clever , but how do we know where in the country he is , even if he is in the country .
yes , yes , very clever , but how do we know where in the country he is , even if he is in the country .
i always think it is only polite to try out the local beers when arriving in a new country .
after the waitress brought over our beers , we pulled out a map book of the country and pored over it , planning our route down to cape town .
black workers were wandering along the roadside ; advertising hoardings for a surprising number of western goods despite the supposed sanctions the country had been suffering from for some time .
i resisted the urge to ask what was in the water that bred such longevity in people in this country .
before that though , we decided to try and trace fredericks journey through the country by re - reading his notes and cross - referencing to the large - scale map of the country we had bought at the airport .
before that though , we decided to try and trace fredericks journey through the country by re - reading his notes and cross - referencing to the large - scale map of the country we had bought at the airport .
this is such a prosperous country , she said , the farms are well run and the tobacco trading floors are the biggest in the world , turning over one million kilos a day .
by now , our gear could be hundreds of miles away , in another province , or even another country .
no , nothing for me , he said , but if you are coming back this way before you leave our country , then a small toy for my little boy would make him very happy .
the motel receptionist informed us that kwekwe was one of the biggest steel producing towns in the country , and there were also gold mines near here .
he always felt a slight thrill of fear when he came here , as he did when he had to deal with any of the witchdoctors in this country .
what could be so important to him that he would travel halfway across the country and then raise an army to track two tourists into the bush ?
he also believes that this thing that is hidden here is of great value to his people , that whatever it is can bring them back to prominence , perhaps even to lead this country .
it was rumoured that mugabe had funnelled millions of dollars out of the country into private bank accounts , lining his own pockets while the countrys infrastructure crumbled around him .
he had taken control of the mines around the country , including a huge new discovery of diamonds in the east , and was now reaping the bloody rewards .
the infamous war veterans , made up of young thugs who had not even been born when the war ended , marched around the countryside , evicting white farmers and black workers alike , trashing the crops where they grew in the fields despite the hunger already being suffered by thousands across the country .
i considered that his words had been prophetic and perhaps what was happening now in this extraordinary country had been foretold many years ago .
# # # # about the author paul bondsfield grew up in a small village in hampshire but has travelled widely and lived in several countries including denmark , new zealand , jersey and south africa .
but i m glad to have a jeep to drive around this country in .
this was not my country , and if the old man was right , then ` ` on time '' meant nothing to them .
i love this country .
to me there is nothing boring about this country .
mum thinks because i m in the same country i should go .
same country , yes , but birmingham is miles away .
she could feel the entire country stacked up behind her , looking over her shoulder .
and so , dressed in the clothes and cloaks that bell and lucas had gotten for them , connor and dylan james walked through the shed and into the forest of capel , around five miles from the forest town of capel in the realm of collyshire , in the country of thalm on the planet sylvae .
until then the country of thalm was of little interest to the chinerthians , it was mostly just dense forests , but after the rebellion soldiers had come to take the ports .
it fascinated him that he was nt just in a new country , but on a whole new world .
it is bancealem , the capital country .
it is bigger than thalm , here , dgaz pulled out a map , you see thalm is here a little further away than the other countries of sylvae , but maybe the third or fourth biggest .
and so they docked and dylan set foot upon the capital country of bancealem .
many good , ordinary people died to protect their country .
with everything that had happened during the carnival , and afterwards , it had slipped her mind that she did nt even know if they were still in the country .
she felt bad to think they d left the country without her being able to say goodbye .
i was beginning to realize what a close relationship new orleans had once with its mother country and why it had often been referred to as the paris of the caribbean .
i love that country .
the paris of the caribbean , the birthplace of the one true american music , its legendary cajun cuisine and a joie de vivre unsurpassed anywhere else in the country , maybe even the world .
they came from all over the country , even from abroad .
it was very stormy last night , said the presenter , and storms will continue to spread across the country for the next few days .
` ` what country is this ? ''
as a test of your skills and capabilities tomorrow you , finor , and greybeard will go into ulthar country .
smashwords edition ~ * ~ a memoir of a bird seeker who spent a few rewarding years among a strange collection of birds from many countries who all most probably had only good intentions .
he worked and lived in eight countries hot and cold , and visited , on his search for the truth , many more .
he pecked many trees in many countries and ate delicious borer worms of different sizes and tastes .
after spending a brief , stamina - building vacation in the country of white snow and vast nothingness , he flew to the west , following the orange disk of god sun .
he met white eagle who lived in a glade in a tropical jungle of the bazon river delta in a country called fantasia .
woodpecker wound up his big ostrich country affairs and set himself on a trip to white eagle country .
so he learned that in this country even thieves are sometimes generous .
doctor was highly moved witnessing such compassion and soon left the colony but only after performing , in one cozy room of birds temple , very successful birds sex therapy on one disturbed lady bird from predator eagle country .
woodpeckers thumb was repaired a few months later in a seven hour operation when he visited his big ostrich country .
woodpeckers exwife - fat bird hen via - via - met white eagle and asked him questions about moral rights to extract him from big ostrich country .
it was like in the times of his joyful youth under birds communism in white cold snow and vast nothingness country : we , the soviet working bird - class , are building a luminous future for all birds of this world of ours !
other birds , trying their best to imitate such an evolved birds soul , suggested that it would be best if woodpecker went back to his big ostrich country , send to the colony regular and generous donations of birds $ $ $ , and to them , his spiritual brothers , advanced electronic toys like i pods , game boys and other entertaining gadgets .
woodpecker was from a foreign country , and being very much a beginner on the path of regaining his freedom , could nt comprehend fully the depth and hidden meaning of those advanced , wise words .
when water covered everything he felt like stork , the bird from swamps of his old country who floundered in pools of water .
unlocking was a special skill for a locksmith not available in this country , for it was a foreign lock .
next morning big condor s maya requested woodpecker to write about his greatness in a magazine he published in his old cold country .
in the meantime , trying to patch up this problem , the future administrative director bald turkey , imported from another country a very costly chemical and special pads to be used by the floor treating machinery team to remove wax .
i left my country , my profitable birds business only to serve white eagle !
chemicals from birds country of swi - land cost thousands of birds euro , not birds fantasia rupees !
birds will always remember this festive event because one day , after her holiness ' promotion , the always - accurate birds tv channel ccllxx reported that a friendly asteroid was whisking over the biggest town in predator eagle country old ork .
there was no more space in the infirmary for storing the medical supplies that were frequently arriving from other birds country .
he wished the same would happen with his past kgb records in the cold snow and vast nothingness country of freedom .
visit of a friend from old cold country .
in his native cold country problems were always discussed only after getting drunk , as by this common platform , understanding was achieved and logical compromises successfully negotiated .
the first night he was busy with his a - cheeta birds seva kendra soldiers unloading a container with medical consumables and equipment that had just arrived from predator eagle country .
if this was practiced in a foreign country , all involved would end up in the federal birds prison , and here in fantasia even the birds government officials were praising them for cleverness , and dedicated service to the birds community .
but administrative director bald turkey , on the other wing , when he needed heart surgery he went to his country , as taking a risk as the locals did was too hazardous for him who had total trust in the power of white eagle .
finally she allowed herself to be convinced after white eagles spying birds informed the community that lustful crow was having a new and very exciting love affair with another foreign lady - bird in hilly forest ; this time she was from the country of dead salty small sea .
some experts in enhanced interrogation techniques , from predator eagle country , are already employed by us in all hell 's departments .
woodpecker dressed himself up , inserted behind his belt a toy sent him as a gift from predator eagle country , which humans use to persuade their point of view just in case some bird desired to hear loud sounds , and flew to the elevator , like a speedy swallow .
afterwards he went to muslim birds country to earn some real birds money .
woodpecker had just returned from his old cold country where , for three months he had taken care of his mum bird crow ja - nina .
white eagle , trying to sound cosmopolitan , asked woodpecker in his second language , how was it in big ostrich country ?
white eagle , i was not in big ostrich country , but in my old cold country where my mum bird crow ja - nina still lives !
white eagle , i was not in big ostrich country , but in my old cold country where my mum bird crow ja - nina still lives !
lady bird spoiled pigeon rewarded him for this brave decision by splashing a full mug of coffee , imported by her mother from predator eagles country , straight on his white feathers and all over his office room and his birds computer .
to avoid interception of this trove , four copies were sent to four different legal firms ; two in fantasia , one in big ostrich country and one in his old cold country .
to avoid interception of this trove , four copies were sent to four different legal firms ; two in fantasia , one in big ostrich country and one in his old cold country .
please ask white eagle for permission to go for a vacation to the big white snow and vast nothingness country it may help in your quest for birds truth .
from that moment very few birds were brave enough to chirp with him as every bird understood the very truth that was once expressed by the most intelligent leader of predator eagle country bu - shit - bird : which bird is not with us , is with terrorist birds , who are against us !
soon woodpecker left for another country , forgetting all about his collection of precious kidney stones .
in the country of predator eagle he met a few birds ex - inmates of colony .
he just married also fat goose from the country of intelligent big ostriches , who hide their heads in the sand to avoid danger or when any serious problems need to be solved .
woodpecker , after collecting a few golden eggs of divine ravens , returned to the birds country of white eagle fantasia and selected a well - branched tree , for himself in a hilly forest to spend the rest of his life there .
in woodpeckers memory a saying echoed , so familiar between not so spiritual birds he had heard in the cold white snow and vast nothingness country , where he was once on a vacation : hope is a mother of stupid birds and the road to birds hell is paved with good intentions .
she was now living in a country where bad birds from both civilian and country leadership ranks were committing unthinkable crimes .
she was now living in a country where bad birds from both civilian and country leadership ranks were committing unthinkable crimes .
it was a country with the highest percentage of birds and humans population locked up in prisons and the guiltiest holding decision - making posts .
soon he was in a dream world , visiting a big island on a small sea , which was the only remnant of the ancient continent muria and now , for no reason , is believed to belong to predator eagle country .
she was a first timer so terrified , loudly shouted : i consider this country as my own homeland and all of you predator eagles as my real family !
woodpecker is back to his country of cold white snow and vast borderless nothingness his beloved siberia .
he s an archaeologist , the best in the country .
well , i got to thinking one day when i was flying across the country .
look , guys , you two remind me of when i first got in country in nam in the old days .
they took the name of light when they were allowed to emigrate to this country , he continued .
they taught me about this country , about american history .
i remember we had been in country only a few weeks .
that night all our thoughts about the country were the virginal ideas of young men who had not yet seen death up close .
the professor who had driven into this country was not the man who had gone to vietnam .
one of the oldest in the whole country .
he made arrangements to be discharged in country so he could go immediately to australia to hold her once again .
putzs place is right on the border , it is a crop dusters field , there are quite a few of them in that part of the country , on both sides of the border .
the sandinistas had been forcefully relocating the indigenous miskito people from that area and moving them to the interior of the country .
` ` i ' m not sure that i would want to be flying out of the country every few weeks while she 's pregnant .
toni stepped closer to bob and said , i m sure its still at my parents house in my old room , but i do nt remember who the author was , however i think he lived in another country and hit the best seller list here in the states .
this country is busier than a spring fair !
political ambition and inter - tribal conflict has set the country on edge , testing established alliances .
although i now live in my home country of new zealand , cornwall , archaeology and magic are never far from my mind .
and she used her enormous wealth to support universities and hospitals around the country , provide endowments to the arts and sciences , establish scholarships and fellowships , and donate huge sums to many charities , both public and private .
not really about the cases of flu that had been reported in most of the countries of the world .
there might have been a gilgamesh and there might have been a kingdom called uruk once , in the ancient world of sumer that is now buried under iraq and the bombs our own country dropped , and there might have been a goddess of love called ishtar .
the sun had completely broken over the sky now and the storm clouds that had irritatingly lingered over that part of the country were only then , finally , starting to dissipate .
were just strangers passing through this country and you are compassionate enough to allow us a temporary rest in your forests .
life in england was hard ; they were constantly under attack from competing kingdoms and countries .
all of these things you have done before becoming a knight , yet this is why you came to my country .
well , you see , after our peaceful country was nearly destroyed by demonic monsters , i did some research .
after that , you and every demon in this country will be hunted down and destroyed .
each indian state , divided by language and culture , is united in that they have all come together to accept this certain shape , this seemingly random outline of lines we call boundaries as their country and their nationality .
many etymologies of india lead back to this river the names of language and country , of race and culture , of religion and geography , all stem from the indus like her many tributaries .
looking at the old man walk slowly down , patiently herding his wayward sheep , i wondered if he was affected by the idea of nationality , seeing that he was living at the edge of two countries .
the realization that there are other ways of living life makes me question mine , and i realize there are things like patriotism that i can not relate to anymore , because my patriotism towards my country is someone elses idea .
in 1947 , pakistan separated to become an individual country .
and the more i witness the encircling infinity of our planet , the more i wonder why humanity decided to divided itself on the notion of nations ; why we insist on belonging to cities and states and countries instead of belonging to an entire planet .
you 'll see her shape - from ocean to ocean , coast to coast , bordered by the country of the sea , and undivided by borders undivided by a mere attitude of humanity .
when i expressed similar thoughts to a friend he was surprised , and asked me if i was n't proud of my country .
there is a growing feeling that it is no longer enough for me to be a citizen of a country .
to be a traveler is to know the difference between ones country and ones home , and i am no longer satisfied in calling myself a citizen of a country .
to be a traveler is to know the difference between ones country and ones home , and i am no longer satisfied in calling myself a citizen of a country .
his upbringing in various states of india provides him a unique perspective and insight into the many cultures of the country , an ability with languages and an unquenchable wanderlust .
you ll be operating in a foreign country and there will be no one to help you if you get in trouble , or get captured .
on the other hand , if details leak out , the family of lieutenant jacobson and the general public will not take kindly to a woman being killed or tortured in a third - world country .
they would have to leave the foreign country as quickly as possible .
jack then thought about what major phelps said about a woman getting tortured or killed in a foreign country .
i am honored to shake the hands of two people that have risked so much to make our country better a better place to live .
you literally swooped down from the sky to kill a very bad person , so that the flow of drugs into this country would stop , and thereby prevent the death of innocent young people here in the united states .
its a shame you have to move away to such an uncivilized part of the country , but then , you ll probably fit in better there anyway .
they brought me across the ocean to this country and sold me to these people i m with .
no , they re just hired to get me across the country , angie told her , so i can live with my aunt and uncle in sacramento .
she understood that her blonde hair was probably a rare sight in this part of the country and he was just curious .
the ferry crossing was built , owned and run by the mormon settlers who came to this part of the country years before .
never turned off , he was tortured by thoughts of sin and despair , but he knew not how to rest , how to stop fulfilling his oath : i bleed the blood of our makers , for my country , and all of the hellenes .
the hellenes were used to tranquil weathers all year round , and few tremors beneath their fertile soil , yet within these passing months the country had witnessed a horrific splitting of the very earth that once lined its home and erratic weather patterns that ignored the seasonal cycles .
they had scarcely lost of a man of arbicos thousand soldier troop for their discipline in combat was unseen anywhere else in the world , they were born warriors , and served their warlord and country with an incorruptible devotion .
hellenic travellers were now forced to travel north east into the harbour of taloma , a trade town located on the south east coast of greece , and sail down the east side of the country , and across the small expanse of ocean that now divided the land mass .
the athenian territory was no longer , but for a small corridor of land that connected the country at its western stretch , attached to the rest of the hellenes .
he looked at the lion king and imagined his country if his own leader had such natural prestige .
you need not feel less honourable because you gave up arms , my friend , you served our country as any other man has or will .
rhoma was the closest town to the northern shores of greece , his army was first protocol to defend the country against invaders from the ocean , however the hellenes , along with the egyptians , controlled the waters within the pillars and no such invasion had ever occurred .
he thought about his brothers in arms and wondered how his country faired in arillia .
the mere sight of him struck awe for his skin alone told them that this man stood for their country in ways they could never dare dream of .
he had no doubt his king would grant him permission to prepare his country for war , he lusted for it , he had not seen action in some months and frustration above all else consumed him .
the king of the hellenes was a bizarre individual , one whom arbephest gave no regard to , however for the pride he held over his country he abided by its ancient codes without question .
on more occasions than he could recollect , the warlord had wondered to himself how his country had fallen into such frail hands .
the aged captain believed his warlord to be fearful that the boats upon the coasts of his country might already have deployed troops to scout the athenian lands ; he was unaware that the beasts amidst the wilderness were most prominent in his mind .
laying down , his mind and body burned with anxiety and excitement , he lusted for day break , the mere idea of upholding the virtues of his country once more enthralled his mind , clearing it of the thoughts of his lost love and the image of arbicos hanging from the olive tree .
ten miles north of rhoma the shoreline of greece extended steadily to a blunt pinnacle , which in this day heralded the northern most point of the country .
this nation believes it can simply sack our country as though we were any other , that they can walk over us upon the field of battle and take from us all that our forefathers fought for !
there s a reason why i stand where others do nt ; its not because of some imaginary bollocks spewed at the mouths of men who ve never taken up arms to stand for their country !
our nation needs us both , and i wo nt give up my life until i know this country is free .
any who are not of the military and wish to stand for their country may do so , go to the armoury and speak to the troop captains .
arbephest held a great respect for the young male for his fighting ability , unmatched in any way , by any man he had known nor heard stories of , and further , that he fought for his country with the same fervour arbephest held dearest to the virtues of greece .
ill be sure to come visit the moment we ve secured our country from this pestilence ; i know anna is excited at thought of laying eyes upon him .
the man would have stood alone and fought an entire army for his country , for you , anna .
i m a warrior of greece , my lord , but one day ill stand a warlord and lead our country to victory against any nation that dares invade us .
because of me , because of his country .
when the sons of hephaestus are gone i will establish my own ruling over my own country , the ways of old will be no more .
it was a shortcut across the back side of lynd mountain and he turned left onto it and started meandering through the back roads of his country .
thanks again to my family , friends and thank to poland , the country that gave me inspiration .
he was in many european countries before and i have always been jealous that he travels so much .
in addition , i went through the country and helped as much as i could .
she grew up in a rather traditional catholic country .
there were the most important people in the short cuts , and among them lech walesa , and it made me being proud of my country .
we had bounced around the country as my employer , a motel chain , bought up distressed properties , refurbished them , and operated them .
but sales of your fountain of youth have tripled in the country , and i understand its gone worldwide .
the problem behind this move was that sin city was already dealing with the second highest unemployment rate , per capita , in the country .
of the 15 total players dressed for this presidents split squad , 13 of them had happened to be natives of a latin american country .
the only question that was up the air now , with the keys to the entire country now at their very own four - wheeled vantage point , was where to go first ?
but even still , on any given day , the taste of the new england air is one of the most indispensable cultural advantages in the country .
at least one round of such a biorhythmic jolt is essential when undertaking in an all - night drive through a horizontal of the country .
no other major metropolis in the country has three independent baseball teams within 50 miles like chicago does .
of course he s never been married , but he was once a 23 - year - old male living in a country obsessed with sex .
there is indeed a long established 365 - day system going on for which the country relies upon pretty heavily , and you got to respect the painstaking contributions made simply for the betterment of society that surround the road itself .
she had nt known his name then , but she had found out by following the trail of bodies all over the country until finally ending up in pyras .
she had known that serabi had travelled the country as a wandering healer for most of her professional life , but she would have never guessed what dangers could be found there .
how had he gotten this info when he had been on other side of the country ?
and he d have to enter the country to annihilate the direct line , so we are back to me waiting for him .
` ` we 'll hold you in custody until i check a few things , bad timing , out of the country tomorrow . ''
` ` yes , the most dangerous lawyers in the country , god knows where they get their information ; they are always several steps ahead of the opposition . ''
i ' ve been reading the newspapers , this horse carries the reputation of the country when it runs . ''
rose 's diplomatic immunity gave us enough time to leave the country .
` ` true but someone must have brought it into the country , nasih would never have been able to hide it when returning from overseas . ''
same reason i wo n't let the boys out of the country , we know what happened to the last one that tried . ''
firmly committed to the rise of the ottoman empire , yeorathe ventured from his home country for foreign campaigns , choosing to indulge in the prosperity of conflict in the west .
the bloodlines were meticulously penned in his own hand and as good an account as any in the country .
antalya was uncommon , a seaport like nearly no other , serving countries to the south , east and west .
it was all about reclaiming the country , one little slice at a time .
let me show you a trick we pulled on you americans time and again in my country .
i am here , my country is gone , and allah has given me an opportunity to slay demons .
i was nt looking forward to having to hump all the way back to fort orange through indian country if we were nt able to call in a helo for evac .
we have been fighting and surviving out here in indian country for a few years now while you ve been sitting back in candyland playing chutes and ladders .
ok , let me ask you this , lt . how many times have you been out in zombie country ?
propaganda for the civilians in the secured zones and the fema camps around the country .
south of here was one of the most densely populated places in the country .
i ' m sure eli and i would have to move to a different city , maybe even out of the country , to start working our routine at another sector of the basement in order to spread out our reborn population , and keep us safe from suspicion .
too bad i 'll have fled the country before i could help him .
mombasa was halfway across the country from his home in central kenya and kobi did nt know if arrangements had been made for his return to nairobi along with the artifacts , or if both of them would end up stuck in mombasa .
i do nt like it , trask interjected , we think of kenya as a fairly stable country , but there are rival political and military factions here that could blow up , so to speak , at any time .
now his fear was not only for himself and for his honor , he was afraid for his country and the entire region of eastern africa .
he could not accept this happening in his own country , or that it would begin again in the ravaged and poverty - stricken uganda .
also , i am very worried about my country .
it is a terrible blow to our country and especially to my family , to lose them .
zoroastrianism flourished in iran millennia ago and was gradually displaced by the later religious establishments in the country .
when it finally stopped we knew it was over an african country .
he is well versed in the ancient martial arts of his country .
this new country became a magnet for the poor , the dispossessed , the outlawed , and the gold diggers of europe .
as such , their allegiance was supposed to be to the country of spain , which ruled texas through their colony of mexico .
the three hundred became citizens of the newly formed country of mexico , and would remain so until they found it necessary themselves to revolt more than a decade later .
chapter 1 a place worth fighting for all over the land are vast and handsome pastures , with good grass for cattle , and it strikes me the soil would be very fertile were the country inhabited and improved by reasonable people .
mexico was a civilized country , but this did nt seem like part of mexico to him .
what in the name of heaven was the country coming to , she asked herself .
i come up from the rio grande , and one thing everybody knows down there is that the soldiers from the north of mexico are the worst ones in the whole country of mexico .
and this here army , and this here country , or state , or whatever in tarnation it is , has , from the day we signed up , done very little of anything to justify our loyalty !
chapter 15 no escape if they overpower us , we fall sacrifice at the shrine of our country , and we hope posterity and our country will do our memory justice .
we have successfully dispatched the traitorous texian forces , as well as the pirates , those agents of the united states of america , from the country of mexico .
overnight , hawk had been appointed an unpaid officer in a highly irregular regular army of a nonexistent country .
i did nt , hank responded in his typically blunt way , adding , but since you brought it up , ill take this here day over any one of them days when we were at war with our neighboring country to the south .
stephen f. austin lived barely long enough to see texas become a country .
mexico , a proud country with a tradition as rich as the united states , would be so embarrassed by the texas revolution that it would be initially omitted from her history , when in truth it was neither her people nor her military who were at fault , but rather her leaders .
texas , the only state in the u.s.a . to ever be recognized as a country , would grow from 30,000 inhabitants in 1836 to a population of 27,000,000 by 2014 .
` ` you seem not from the mainland , but why do you take with so many things like me you want to travel around the country , right ? ` `
in africa , somali , congo and other countries , beginning with the statues and more followers to attack .
the strange thing was , the country 's churches had sprung by eternal , peaceful flourishing , but the government seemed to welcome them , did not be discouraged , cctv reported in detail how they helped the civilian population and donated medical and other charity .
they have just valiantly died for their country !
i had just helped defeat an army that had our country besieged , lost a dear friend , and had a good meal .
after all , this was n't his country .
there are more people like joey fontane at a number of high schools throughout the country and their operation is only getting larger , he finishes .
all the experts i consulted in this country were unanimous : it was not the fingers of one of the great apes .
he could see for miles all around and the various environments of their country .
the rotting hills stood between us and the ogre country in the cloudpeak mountains .
she is living in a tyrannical country called cassandra , ruled by a dictator named veron komer whom he calls himself the emperor .
the whole country was filled with blood and despair .
last month , there were some youth movements moved by a pure youthful passion in this country ; they left the daily work in the labor camp and sang and danced on the street .
in the past , they had a failed robbery in the rich neighborhood in their home country .
the country was dwelled by criminals , prostitutes , escaped prisoners , and extreme thinkers .
because of this , the country sometimes referred to as a tabula rasa .
however , as the business flourished , people who wanted to rule the country started a war and topple off the current government .
the funding came from the social workers from the foreign countries and most of the workers at school are from the city itself , merely working there because they did not want to beg on the street .
this enabled the mercenaries to lurk inside the country which they made living by bounty hunting business of lurking terrorists and criminals , along with the funding from the investors for human experiments of certain drugs .
before veron became a dictator , there was a chaotic conflict and wars in the country .
but if we take her out now , the country will be back to the chaotic age as before .
the only thing that she does not aware of is the political structure and the headquarters of main figures under emperors regime , which lurks inside the country .
mission is set a week from now , the same trafficking company contacted one of my undercover division , who pretends to be one of the mercenaries in this country .
which i think it is necessary topic , especially as you live in this dumb country , although diana tends to think otherwise , said alvin .
as cassandra was war - ridden , highly unstable country , the currency which veron printed had almost no value and subject to fraud .
mr . polchinski , we have a reason to believe that you re engaged in a developing wmd for revel groups in our country , said the officer in a military uniform , grinning , taking off his leather gloves putting it into his pockets .
initially , danver came to this country for the pure purpose of saving lives and curing diseases , thought at the time that this drug will save the world .
mostly in our case , it is done by a strict orders and restrictions to functionalize the whole country by dividing them to sectors .
the people needed to memorize the names of their assigned officers and high ranked officers in the country .
i mean changing the country like this place ?
some of the men tried to stop the fighting but others started boasting about their past contribution to the country to despise others .
he could nt concentrate for a while , thinking about fleeing the country .
people are fleeing this country after they saw the merciless killing on the square .
verons army searched every houses and location in the country , took out the chemical bomb , bacteria containers , and thousands of artilleries and tanks and started bombing in the city .
chapter 48 the creatures about a week later , the infantry division fought in a various regions across the country .
karl was thinking about leaving the country , but he wanted to bring one student , tyler , with him .
and i need you to leave this country and go to the island of riddles , said alvin .
robert was completely devastated after this incident and made him hate the country .
well , the old polchinski will be proud , i mean you destroyed the very country and completely destroyed us with them .
on her way back to rome , a country far more accepting of female warriors than judea or galilee , she happened to stop in the town of sepphoris .
there must be more i can do for my king and country than play music .
my brother wandered off , travelling in different asian countries , looking for inspiration in writing his second novel .
i had a plan but it more like playing it by the ear because this is the first time i m actually here in the supernatural - believing country .
he had gone missing a month ago in this country , in the province i was headed to and the only thing he had left was the journal i read over and over again before finally making up my mind to follow his tracks .
but according to my research , this country is a melting pot of different races .
being a foreigner in this country is so cool because the natives are very respectful and hospitable too .
but i decided to walk up to them and begin asking question i formulated even before i booked a flight to this country .
so i am going to pray that you find your brother with my sons help and that you get to leave this country with him and go back home happy .
i have nt really been in a tropical country climbing rainforests and well , i just hope i find josh .
we get how modern you are in your country .
i wandered off because i was feeling impatient since there were no developments from the day i came to the country , up until now that i am already in the second peak of the mountain .
as anticipated , the trunk was filled to capacity with enough of kims belongings to crisscross the country in a variety of outfits to rival a soap opera character nine times over .
they were supposed to see the country .
` ` that 's the trouble in this country . ''
i did a business degree and brought in some innovations we had learned , things the japanese did twenty years ago but we are only starting in this country . ''
she is enrolled at cambridge university , one of the most prestigious universities in the country . ''
` ` it 's a different country .
england is a crowded country not a lot bigger than washington state . ''
now he had the girl 's attention he continued to press his point , explaining how she could be cut off from everyone and if things went wrong , could be isolated in a foreign country .
` ` think of your daughter for a change and not some social standing you may aspire to in a foreign country . ''
` ` in our country , your honour , we pride ourselves on freedom and the right of individuals to observe their religious beliefs without discrimination .
` ` however , parents do not have the right to break the state 's and country 's laws when they are caring for their children .
` ` i ' ve never been out of washington state before , let alone the whole country . ''
people come from all over the country to see the glowworms . ''
american , julie tries to cope with a new country , fiona discovers she is not just a mother - in - law and a young schoolteacher and lonely widower fall in love .
this country is prone to slips , '' ` ` i noticed the trees and thought that might be the case .
` ` there 's been a rash of suicides of farmers in the country over the last year or so . ''
there was so much to learn in a new country .
so even though julie will be the only year 8 she will have contact with other pupils her age in twenty or more rural schools right throughout the country . ''
grandma 's here , our farm is great , we 're getting used to our new country .
my guess is , her mother changed their names or moved on to another country .
this is a different time and a different country and i ' m sure john and yourself can decide what you want to do without any suggestions from myself .
they 're one of the most rare native trees in the country and only grow in this part of the country .
they 're one of the most rare native trees in the country and only grow in this part of the country .
` ` tell me , how do you like our little country . ''
` ` gary is claiming i knew the ranch was worth more than that original evaluation and it was my intention to sell it at the higher price and leave the country . ''
if anyone goes within a country mile of her the cops will be down on us like flies around shit .
` ` i must say i enjoyed my years at victoria university in your country and i look forward to the paper you are presenting tomorrow , is it ? ''
he was living in the country called basileus republic , working in the intelligence agency .
you ca nt even deal with that small country , said heston , seeing gloria walking away .
they were warned by alvin in cassandra to get out of the country before a chaos and were at the island of riddles now .
more people are somehow suspecting that creatures lurking around the country are our fault .
your case , nina polchinski , kicked some ass back in that fucked up country , and ran to the island , said mary .
during the civil war , they were trying to take over the country after verons army became weakened by the government at the time .
slow notes from a guitar began , then changed into rapid country dance music , a song about america as an immigrant nation , a country with qualities from many cultures .
its just if you get fifty thousand people from all over the country who do nt know each other , you never know .
is nt that in kittikin country ?
he thought about what it would mean to him if she had to leave the country and could nt bear the thought .
most of it had to come across the country by land to the river since the yanks had the ocean ports bottled up pretty good .
spain would recognize the south as an independent country and would give military support .
someday , ill have to return to my country .
i have enough money to buy an island or a small country somewhere .
some men opted to return to the conflict that embroiled the country .
on my last mission in country , he ignored orders not to leave his chopper and joined a firefight to get me and my team out .
it was too difficult for him to get in the country anonymously but he sent a letter with me .
my father owns this country .
there s a slave named dredd scott that moved around the country with his master through slave and free states alike .
the whole country plummets into a civil war .
the citizens of knoxville were predominantly union sympathizers and wanted very much for the union to be re - established over the entire country .
japan was his favorite country to visit because of the kindness and politeness of its people .
using the assistance provided by the childrens aid society , shed managed to relocate them to another part of the country , in the hope of escaping this man , and making a new life .
he told me of his life and his time in the old country , india .
some say that the bear was so ferocious that the hunters retired instantly , and became recluses in a warmer country .
he remembered , the monsoon season in cambodia ; the thunderstorms come out of the southwest and traverse the country toward the northeast .
sarge said quitely , what was that hemingway thing , oh yeah - that it is sweet and fitting to die for one 's country .
evidently it is a big annual thai elephant celebration affair in the country .
eat drink and be merry as the old saying goes , the company will pick up the tab , no questions asked , said sam when lou and i get back to our offices ill make some arrangements to get you guys out of the country .
the unfamiliarity of this foreign country depressed him greatly .
the embarrassment of having to lead their own country cousins from mxico by the hands and teach them how to live like ` ` a civilized person '' was all too degrading for them .
` ` the things that some people have to do to get into this country .
i ' m alone in this country ! ''
he wanted to dispel the misconceptions his people had of this country .
charlie asked rodolpho , ` ` would you like to stay in this country ? ''
they 're being denied rights in a country that boasts of its freedoms , the same freedoms that were given to the jewish immigrant , the italian , the irish , the german and all the others . ''
someday your country can be just like ours .
but bobby shouted , ` ` the illegal alien comes to this country out of desperation and they 're treated with cruelty . ''
the pnche guros do n't want me in their country , so why should i stay ? ''
the site might have to be set up in another state , country , or in an island nation .
one he d seen on a particular countrys flag , although he could nt remember the country in question .
and which one is your country ?
i was a us army engineer and served my country well in the second gulf war before joining natos afghan command .
the victory set off excited celebrations all over the country and among brazilian football fans around the world .
as the country rallied around their national team , young rodrego gladly returned to his homeland and his anxiously awaiting family .
children of all ages all over the country played football every day with dreams of being the next star on the national team .
those were just some of the buses going to towns and cities around the country .
i am from the same country as he is , did you know that ?
he wondered what country it was that they were passing .
this country is beautiful .
i can tell you are from my country as well , no ?
bolo sat way up on his bunk now , he loved talking about his home country .
only if we are near a country somewhere that we can pick up a signal .
rego slapped his hands together and leaned forward in his chair to listen to his country take on czechoslovakia in the world cup .
he laughed at the irony of how his own country was now going to play peru for a spot in the semi - finals .
i love my country and i love my parents , but i m just not ready to go back yet .
then i came to this country about seven years ago .
it is said to be where the botelha family settled when they migrated from the old country centuries ago .
he tried to take in all the wonders of the tiny country and thought about his entire journey to get there .
his experiences in college with his brother john , as an exchange student on the island country of malta , were a great inspiration for the story of the brazilian .
he hopes that one day he can show jessica this wonderful island country .
* * 3 the third lost tale of mercia : aydith the aetheling ( back to table of contents ) this year there was great commotion in england in consequence of an invasion by the danes , who spread terror and devastation wheresoever they went , plundering and burning and desolating the country with such rapidity , that they advanced in one march as far as the town of alton ... anglo - saxon chronicles , entry for year 1001 a.d . * lundenburg 1001 a.d . aydiths heart seemed to throb in her throat , so completely did her rage and sorrow fill her .
for the good of the country .
had this whole army stayed here since the death of their last king , doing nothing , even though the king of the anglo - saxons had left his own country for a short while ?
you only came here because your own country threw you out on account of your colorful embellishments , connell interjected helpfully .
it should have been simple , instead it had dragged him clear across the country to this wretched perdition on earth .
every tother blasted country on this great green earths got at least a dozen ways - a makin whiskey .
the country keeps its culture , its people , and its motives , with only one rule : do n't screw with your elusive rulers , the o.e.l .. as it currently stands , there has not been a single dimension , or country within a dimension , that has given the o.e.l .
the country keeps its culture , its people , and its motives , with only one rule : do n't screw with your elusive rulers , the o.e.l .. as it currently stands , there has not been a single dimension , or country within a dimension , that has given the o.e.l .
or at least their country ?
in a few years this man in front of her will probably be a duke in his country .
is there a small business anywhere in this country that is nt a front for drug smuggling ?
she s pregnant and has no hope for a better life than in her home country .
amish country ?
i hail from the country of africa , a waitress but i am studying pre law ohanlon says .
i am miss bishkek from the country of china .
hello , i am miss andorra from the country of france .
i am miss holy see holy shit , what country is holy see at on the world map ?
i am miss liechtenstein from the country of switzerland .
over the past ten years various miss starlit winners have died or maybe have been murdered , all in foreign countries as of last week .
a foreign country treats a murder definitely then here in the us .
time for the interviewing each girl , fucner and cody you man your stations about the catwalk overlooking the audience , watch each girl for any strange or weird behavior then write her country name down .
the normal set of background radiation particles in the united states of america or the world vary from 50 to 200 millirads depending upon the city or country where you reside fucner laughs .
the normal set of background radiation particles in the united states of america or the world vary from 50 to 200 millirads depending upon the city or country where you reside .
the red dot is over your city or country translates into the number of deadly radioactive ions above and beyond the safety level possible for human survival .
if your osp pings are higher than 360 in your designated city or country you should concern moving to another lower radiation level on planet earth cody frowns at the map .
there re numerous murdered people over diamonds in both the countries of africa and great britain .
madagascar , there was a gem stone robbery and murder in the country of madagascar .
one of the beauty contestants was from the country of madagascar , nods .
during the evening gown competition each girl wore their crown , the native tiara from their native country given to them for winning their native countrys title .
the country of south africa has it buried in a deep cave in the durnghe mountains , their spirit home , nods and smiles at yorkie .
the country of france claimed the ark was taken to chartres cathedral by the knights templar but removed during world war one and far away from dictator hitler .
that explains the massive weird - ass radiation waves over the entire country of japan causing the nuclear plant explosion .
the country of ethiopia has an uninterrupted chain of historical events for the past 3,000 years .
she lived in africa , her home country .
then the smart - ass white folks started invading the country of africa captured and sending all the african natives working the cotton and sugar fields all over the world including the old south .
the british slave - ship owners became wealthy never leaving their native country of england .
we ve found , verified and confirmed a case of radiation poisoning on a slave - ship departing the country of africa sailing over the ocean waters towards the us state of georgia .
if the first mate saw the ark then got exposed then he traveled back home to his native country of england as cited in the journal .
the slave - ship is named wild dolphin from the country of england under the captain master of tom clarkson .
the tennessee river lies along the southwestern edge of both morgan and limestone countries the robot drones and projects an image on the wall .
and some immigrants were alone trying to make a living to support a family in a foreign country or running away from poverty to the new land of america .
the entire small country of cyprus was the major source of copper in the mediterranean .
the art of faceting a gemstone was nt invented until the 15th century within the country of india .
if that box of pure gold was touched then the world would be half of six billion peoples , especially in the countries of israel , saudi arabia , the entire middle east .
over the last 2,600 years , these agate rocks have migrated by fresh water or naked feet to the other countries like africa , india , egypt , australia and alabama .
not right , fucner , the country of bahrain in the persian gulf has a tree of life .
the country of the philippines along with the caribbean islands considers the coconut tree as the tree of life .
the country of sweden has a tree of life .
the country of egypt has a tree of life .
ancient persia , ancient egypt , ancient china and every other fucking ancient and present country on earth have a tree of life .
the country of kenya has a tree of life .
the country of africa has a tree of life .
i feel like i m standing in the picture of a foreign country like egypt .
* * * being king of a large country was nt always fun .
you should be fighting for your country .
he d already fought his war , fought for family and country , and yeah , for america , he d do it again .
the purpose of my project is to answer mankinds problem of drought especially here in our country when we experience parched lands during summer .
i want to go out of the country and share my knowledge .
those soldier boys are out hunting indians way up toward the arkansas country .
more friendlies would certainly be welcome , apache , maybe kiowa in this country .
with them they took supplies for a month , a well - weighted money belt , and bag of the sundry knick - knacks it always paid to carry whenever travelling through indian country .
as both his companions knew , he was referring to the fact that it was against federal law to take liquor into or through indian country .
he had strict orders not to cross into indian country .
out in this country , johnnie , you ca nt let such considerations weigh too heavy in the balance .
the rangers could nt follow him through indian country , the military were too busy , and the kansas town people too concerned with their own affairs .
teak wood comes from the country of sweden with four arrow - like posters with an arched canopy tent .
this novel concept of a checking account spread against the countries from england to the colonies in north america and by 1700s in the country of england , paper , serial numbers , and what object appear ?
he was both a merchant and a sailor from the country of france naming his new home after his ancestral home , castle dogtrot .
my native state uses gray granite to build throughout this great country of ours cemetery monuments , government buildings , home kitchen counters , all type of floors , some indoor furniture , and lots of outdoor birdbaths along with park benches .
they landed on the canary islands on september 6th buzzing around open sea from their native country of spanish for over a month that s 30 days then sailing around to the country of cuba before heading back home around october 12th another 30 days .
they landed on the canary islands on september 6th buzzing around open sea from their native country of spanish for over a month that s 30 days then sailing around to the country of cuba before heading back home around october 12th another 30 days .
columbus led three ships the nina , the pinta and the santa maria out of the country of spain by way of port palos on august third , 1492 herman nods and smiles .
i do nt begrudge any person there say so but i do begrudge any person who trashes my country that i love , leaning around his chair at lillard along with some other faces .
this country will be drenched in blood and god only knows how it will end .
thomas jefferson was the formal governor of virginia and the minster of france during george washingtons term as president brought back from the country of france vanilla extract , olives , and olive oil from italy , waffles from holland , wines from france along with recipes for ice cream and meringues .
the famous southern rich golden pound cake is actually from the country of great britain going back to 1700s .
it 's being held at the black - sho clan , all the way in viper country .
it is not my wish to go to viper country and participate in battle month , akira explained .
you 're all coming with me to viper country , we 're going to the black - sho clan for battle month .
it 's held by the thirteen ancient clans spread across the five countries that make up shaaku den .
~*~*~*~ our team spent the whole day traveling from our clan in tiger country to the black - sho clan in viper country .
~*~*~*~ our team spent the whole day traveling from our clan in tiger country to the black - sho clan in viper country .
it was a long fourteen hours but we finally crossed the border from crane country and entered into viper .
lead by the shinobi woman akira miyamoto , sector 7 accompanies their sensei to viper country , where they encounter a long surviving shinobi clan known as tiger rage .
what country do you mean ?
i have nt heard about this country in the news .
there is no such country on the earth , but its laws have reached us .
we are going to either have this country here on the earth , or have nothing .
you could leave the country , but no , there has been no threat for you here , the seer started to nervously pace the room .
i enjoy risk , i like to feel that i m one of the elite , and top rulers of the country know about me .
but no talent gives access to the country of justice , the stranger tried to speak as soft as possible .
do you believe in the country of justice ?
it is not for me but for the country .
he imagined how he left the country and forgot about the stranger , and felt he was losing his power .
the seer asked me , without explaining his reasons , to detain two law - abiding citizens of the country and prevent them from entering the city .
several years later a riot happened in the country .
he headed for the ticket offices : why do i have to run or hide in my own country ?
but belief is one of the conditions to enter the country of justice .
who provided him with a corridor , led through all posts and helped to cross to another country ?
maybe , to leave the country is the best way .
he could not leave the country because he exemplified courage and faith .
and if he is going to leave the country , that s even better : less trouble .
the soldier saw the city turned into a new arena for soldiers of fortune , mercenaries , feeling their significance and importance here , though they were the reserve officers who went through the war and defended the country at the expense of their life .
does nt the man of law destroy those who give trouble , in order to stop the wave of violence that threatens to burn the whole country ?
you give empty hope to peoples souls , promising them a ticket to the country of the eternity .
she does nt care to entertain the spoiled royal brat from a foreign country either .
in the country of japan , when you are meeting on a first time date with a nice guy for supper , what is the official formal greeting ?
look backwards within the ancient time frame of earths world history , virgins were not only prized but sacrificed during a ritual pagan fake - god worshiping ceremony suck - like in the foreign country of mexico woot smiles .
a greek foot or a long toe , where the second toe is clearly longer than the big toe has been documented on the remaining greek god and goddess sculptures in the country of greece .
the region of people with blue irises includes the country of ireland , the baltic sea , and northern europe , and ninety - nine percent of the people in estonia all have blue eyes .
elzasus was born in jerusalem but died in 112 ad in the country of france who also fathered nascien .
lets jump to the next generation the grandson nascien ii fathered the prince of galains of the midi in 480 ad in the country of france .
fern nods and sits on the sofa with her son understanding that woot is doing something very dangerous inside a foreign country with her husband .
i m leaving this foreign country on the jet in about thirty minutes so you sit tight .
this is gods country , if you like that expression .
my ancestors landed in mobile , alabama in the year 1850 from basel , switzerland , the third largest city in the country .
cody , we live in a safe country , america .
the parents are from the country of india living here in london since infants .
she s the newest orphan from the country of austria for our experimental operation .
what he would nt give to go back out in the service of his country .
chase told shanna he had brought each rock back from a different country .
he pointed them out to shanna and had her laughing with his story of how he had started the garden , tired of all the browns of the middle eastern countries he had been visiting .
chase did something strange and evidently violent in foreign countries for a living that he did nt want to talk about .
dominick was leaving the country with myles formula and he was going to sell it to the south africans .
as the train crossed the border of the state , sandeep could read the welcoming board : welcome to gods own country .
its gods own country , sandeep murmured to himself .
his roommate was from the north - eastern part of the country , and that language sounded like chinese to sandeep .
thus , at the opening ceremony of her shop , and at every auspicious occasion , in a country where people generally bring seers for puja offerings to gods - she preferred to give food to orphans .
it was an old building , which had been utilized for stacking vegetables and as granary for rice , corn , beans , lentils , and other seeds that the farmers would then send across the country .
what does your father do and which part of the country are you from ?
i do nt even need payment if it does not make a wave all over the country , she was determined .
soon the country was electrified by the unusual show .
i have even traveled all over the country looking for my boy , hoping that i would find him begging somewhere i walked the streets and slept in train stations , looking closely in the faces of hundreds of boys on the streets of india sir from kashmir to kanyakumari a silent sob came from munna , a sob that resonated in the millions of homes where people were watching the show .
many lips all over the country muttered , its all fake .
how about other third world countries in africa , where children are kidnapped to be made into soldiers to fight in local wars ?
these were stories submitted from our roving , loosely - affiliated team of freelance writers that went to all of the major car shows , trade shows and racing events in the country .
evenings were strange in this part of the country .
twenty - two it was once indian country as larry liked to say .
because i could nt really stop , not on a little incline like that , we had to circle through once and she opened the door and tossed out her carpetbag suitcase like a unicef plane doing a supply drop for some culturally - starved hamlet deep in the interior of a third world country .
we were going to rob one of the rainkus merchant caravans and escape to a neighboring country .
these people were not nomads , but slave traders coming from a country called danku .
i had rested enough to finally start making my long journey to the neighboring country .
maybe there was a reason why this old timer would snap and insult me after mentioning the country of okaya .
people avoided using this route in or out of the country because of its many great legends .
clearly he did nt like my country , but so did the rest of the world .
we were so different and yet somehow the same , both of us were outcasts to our country for crimes we never committed .
i did nt like the way he said a roguean it sounded he had something against me because of my country .
i always thought i was exceptionally different from my country .
true enough , they had taken over most of the world except for a few major countries like rogue and iyenka who had enough monstrous power to fight back .
this country was truly a nightmare .
i guess each country had its dark secrets , although i never imagined it to be this ghastly and sinister .
not many people have ever noticed this strange phenomenon ever since katarina took over this country .
nothing in this country made sense at all especially danyen .
really , i had seen my fair share of weird stuff in many countries ; however , okaya by far topped them all in terms of creepiness .
everything in this country was all wrong .
i started to see my country rogue .
it was the reason why i drank heavily and caused mayhem around the whole country back in the day .
at this rate , the whole country of okaya was going to be engulfed into flames .
you are a ruthless tyrant who seeks to destroy this once peaceful country .
your next journey will probably be to anzad the country of dreams , the domain of zarza gingerdragon , no do nt say that name , i cut him off quickly realizing who his was talking about .
i did n't even know that this remote african country botswana existed before my sister claire decided to work there .
i did n't know back then that time passes more slowly in a country like botswana .
all of a sudden , claire had to see this fabulous country , wanted to enjoy the easy - going lifestyle , the freedom , the endless savannahs , the wildlife , the huge sky .
` ` somebody even said to me the other day that i must be mad to go into a country like botswana . ''
one country and not a continent with many different cultures .
would i meet any of these people while i was in the country ?
` ` perhaps claire has crossed the border into another country . ''
hotel guests stayed at the rooms that were arranged around the swimming pool at the back and travelling salesmen often had stories to tell from other parts of the country .
` ` is it possible then that she somehow left the country ? ''
here i was in a country i never intended to visit before she moved there .
she was surprised that claire 's sister was in the country , but we arranged at once to meet in gaborone on saturday .
the mere thought of this dreadful country her husband had made her come to !
` ` how long have you been in the country ? ''
i went through similar rituals with a sangoma from zimbabwe and learned that i would meet a man of my own tribe with grey hair and marry him and that i would move to another country after living in botswana for some time .
a year ago , i would have thought it impossible to live in a foreign country .
she admitted to being in the wrong african country , because there was not as much suffering in botswana as she had expected .
kurt had given me a tongue lashing just the week before , because i 'd carried out his instructions to phone all the volunteers in the country for some survey .
anyway , ronnie had suddenly found himself between a rock and a hard place in south africa and needed to leave his country in a hurry .
i could try and find work in another country .
the two of them were on short contracts and new in the country .
alone and in a strange country , i was in serious trouble .
he had been told to leave the country within two weeks .
` ` i love this country , the people are so nice . ''
a shady veranda was a great boon in a sun - drenched country like botswana and i made good use of it whenever i could .
the winds of change were also blowing in the neighbouring country of south africa .
` ` alright then , but are you sure that 's the only reason why you are still in the country ?
` ` well , i also told rita winckler , but she left the country some time ago .
it was the closest thing to travelling to the country that had abducted her two babies .
a young british woman , thought to have died in the african bush , had been found by her twin sister in the obscure country of botswana .
` ` i believe you were out of the country a week ago . ''
even though i am no longer an inhabitant of my beautiful country , i will still strive to protect her and her people .
he above all , loved his country , that 's why he did the job he did . ''
` ` your father was a traitor to your beloved country , elizabeth .
deep in the heart of germany , a country now barely recognisable due to the terror it housed , the story continued to play out .
like dorothea mckella wrote= i love a sunburnt country , a land of sweeping plains , of rugged mountain ranges , of droughts and flooding rain .
leaving the country until things cooled down was his best option and this is what he did .
he had smuggled his stolen money out of the country and he now had it safely with him .
both the girls families were farmers in the country .
with what she could gather together of her fortune in a hurry she fled the country knowing her name was on the list to be interned .
because he was nt from their tribe they treated him badly so he decided to join the band of refugees trying to flee the country .
looking back i was proud of the job i had done and i am sure the country of my birth would also have been proud of me .
they were nt expected to go out to work , just be sweet and gentle and take care of the mans castle while he did all the important things like running the country and being the bread winner .
mahood had only been in the country for six months and was on a temporary working visa .
back in his home country the best they would be able to afford was a ride in a rickshaw .
it took him a while to get his head around that because in his country for people to live in houses like that they would indeed be very wealthy .
like your country in the old days , no ?
she came here in the past few days traveling out of the country on a gulfstream .
chief inspector cluney made a statement ... that was the problem in a nutshell , paul thought , the youth did nt care about the state of the country , the economy or progress , preferring to waste taxpayers money and precious police time .
i did a patriotic flavor for our country by blowing the whistle on some bad guys . ''
when the new madrid ignites , the central half of the country is going to sink into a river of boiling magma and that includes north dakota .
my mother and i were in a country called chile when an 8.5 earthquake occurred .
he would soon be the most powerful person on earth with an arsenal befitting a small country .
the protected harbor and it was a one - day shorter travel time from the european countries .
many people from the old country had already settled in paragon and they offered work and family to them .
paragon city was faring better than some cities across the country due to the southern united manufacturing company .
george watched these two stroll through the lobby like the king and queen of some small country and was grateful they were his patrons .
the southern united metal works was a massive complex that produced anything from metal castings to machine parts that they sent all over the country , even the world .
in case you have nt noticed we are much more advanced than any other country in the world .
that would put you out of the country for at least a month .
it was so easy to move about this country .
i mean will we move on to other parts of the country to continue ?
not from a tyranny of an oppressing country , but from the tyranny and fear from the criminal elements that have held a death grip on every aspect of our lives .
he looked around his home since coming to this country .
you sound like some of the kids in my classalways talking about taking over the country !
but by the fall of the following year right before school started for 1970 , roland was to leave the country going back to his homeland .
oh , they would fade into the desert and lick their wounds , then go to their stronghold in the old country of arizona and lay low !
eliza & randy mantooth marry , a blow to the country !
its a free country !
most of the kids had come from rich jewish backgrounds around the country .
devil country .
after regrouping they headed north , now in a country much more open and flat than the hills they d left behind .
two years ago you was tracking outlaws for this damn country and now they tracking you .
before them now lay an entire new country , covered in white and extremely cold .
after the tragic death of his father , he united not only his country , but a world torn by prejudice and fear in the fight against drakearon .
on the cusp of civil war , with flaria divided and the warlord murdered , the country turned to chaos and drakearon and his followers quickly gained power over flaria and turned their sights on bringing the world under one flag to bring the peace he claimed , but that was obviously not the case .
vadid , as i m sure you can guess , returned to his people and united them together once again under a common flag , eradicating drakearon from his country .
it is tradition that class masters and their subordinates pilgrimage to their country of origin for renegara training .
` ` save it , '' jim told jack , ` ` remember , this country loves jerry lewis .
` ` elena is half a world away , '' jim shrugged , ` ` i m doing this for god , country and the libido of every man who is reading this god awful piece of censored . ''
this mother goddess is now mostly worshipped by the hindu bengalis , but she has devotees all over india and also in some foreign countries .
that s why i must leave the country .
` ` richard is going to need all this to fix the country . ''
ironically , fame forced him to flee the country like his parents .
i ve convinced most of the country that you re a figment of over zealous imaginations .
everyone wanted to see the kid who wiped out prince johns hated family , so reporters from around the country flew in .
his long term employment contract quickly gave billy a battalion of the best quads in the country , which kept the warring parties in check while the government slowly got off the ground .
they certainly ca nt stay or every militiaman in the country will be here by noon .
the main drug lord for this part of the country .
not just the st . louis mob , but i ' ve got something on just about every crime family in the country , you name it , from the el salvadoran drug gangs in east boston to the mexican cartels that import the stuff .
you can host it in a country like china or russia for a few bucks a month where the authorities look the other way .
he runs a massive amount of drugs of all kinds all across the country .
` ` oh yeah , we hear he 's got crap on the mob not only in st . louis but half of the freaking country .
` ` ahh , wo n't you like get half the country in after a few iterations ? ''
jay continues breaking into networks owned by the mobs both in st . louis and around the country .
maybe to impress the other bosses around the country that he can take care of things himself .
the lines reform to connect dots with especially bright ones in columbia and a few other countries well known for the drug trade .
and also a schedule of large cash shipments going out of the country for the next few weeks .
several drug lords flee the country for safer havens in south america .
once an imposing structure for this part of the country , it served as the residence for the family that owned the farm land around it .
not proud of your service to your country ?
but they did n't pay their workers any better ; dundee became the only place in britain where the women died before the men , because they slaved under appalling conditions in the mills ; it also had the shortest people in the country , stunted by malnutrition .
throughout most of the country , a one - half inch water supply pipe is ok , but in fife it must be three - quarters of an inch .
it was like a sign telling me i had got to the heart of the country .
then a dreadful blow fell : a heavy frost descended on the country like an ice age and everything everywhere came to a standstill .
` ` this sort of noise damages peoples ears and minds all over the country ... '' i cut in : ` ` do you realize what would have happened last night if i had n't stopped your men from coming in and arresting the band ?
there had been war between sorena and perimain , a country to the west as well as some trouble with rephaim on the northern border of sorena .
they had only the crossbow , a weapon neither of them knew how to use , and they were in a country troubled by rephaim , goblins , and bandits .
i was merely suggesting that if the augurs oppose the unification of our country then perhaps the sorenians would support the ascension of a king .
but if zohershire turned to the adarans then the sorenians could enter this country unopposed and they would have a stronghold to fight from .
your new friend , tick feeling kind of dumb because he did n't say much worthwhile , but not knowing what else to do until he knew the guy better , tick hit the send button , hoping paul would reply quickly since he lived in the same country .
its a chance to best his brother - become the high mayor of his own country , not just a mayor of a county in riversea .
it is the host country of riversea .
turns out , you need a special visa to work in the uk or to even stay in country beyond six months .
my itinerary was in the hands of mr . osborne and hank , the middle - aged , mustachioed border agency guards tasked with getting us out of the country .
a stunt like that would only delay my deportation a couple of days and ensure that i was transported out of the country under much less amiable arrangements .
his accent made me think he had left his native country before his teens , but had lived in a household of non - native english speakers .
what country ?
they do nt even know i m back in the country .
we could leave the country , maybe .
i figured someone might notice that she had died a hundred years ago in another country .
but the thing is you re in america with no record of entering the country legally .
they ai nt letting you into this country again , once you re out .
in spite of what profession he took up , he did so in defense of our country , to ward off evil people like doomba , and now , all of these years later , he has trained my brothers , you , basha , and so many more .
there were even some townspeople here in coe baba , he knew , who looked as unkindly on magic as they did in the country of urso , where witches were burned .
the border guards were a paramilitary force , ordained by the government of arria to protect its borders with other countries like pinal , pakka , and urso .
their tasks involved defending the border of arria from invaders and illegal activity , creating a barrier but not invading the foreign countries themselves .
but only more recently had it been applied to valiant warriors who had proven themselves loyal to king , country , and the good of the people .
the king was the one thing that united the country , even though the king lived far away from here .
no one born in coe baba knew enough about the king , or about politics in general , to understand the full complexity of the country that they lived in .
they had some idea , though , based on the stories that they had heard from the old man , rumors from travelers , and daily interactions with local political and social leaders , of what their country was about , but it was not enough .
the country of arria was filled with people of diverse backgrounds , abilities , and beliefs , and sir nickleby embraced that , even though he tried to treat everybody the same .
katlin meant storyteller in the old language of ancient days , and a town like this one certainly needed a storyteller to remind them of the legends of bygone days , when the country of arria was supposed to have been greater than it was now .
the year marked the two thousandth , six hundredth , and eighty - first year since the time of doombas arrival in what was once the most beautiful and bountiful region in all of the country , the capital region that surrounded coe pidaria .
the corricans learned of the situation in this land , which was not a country like their own had been , united to form an empire of wealth and civility , but a conglomeration of fiefdoms , kingdoms , chiefdoms , and tribes , all dislocated from one another and fighting constantly for survival , a state of endless warfare where the weakest suffered most and nothing could be maintained .
some might say that this was the greatness of arria , the country whose capital this was , displayed for all to admire and yearn for , the greatness of humanity in its power and its artisanship .
basha sighed , getting up as the rest of his schoolmates rushed out of the building , looking up at the map pinned to the wall , a map of arria and the surrounding countries , with the wastelands right at the bottom and a tiny corner marked coe pidaria on its edge .
then arria tried to conquer all of the other countries , nearly succeeding in creating an empire that would rival what corrica had , before that empire , too , was reduced back to the original country of arria .
the coes were cities and states of their own before they became a part of countries , and even now they retain some of their individual qualities , as they are so far apart from one another and can not change the nature of their surroundings and what has been imprinted upon them .
were safe here in our own country .
all of these fools coming over here from across the country , from across the world even , just to hear the rantings and ravings of some woman who claims to be the voice of the goddess mila .
travel southward through the forest , hills , and valley of this great country .
i will take you two boys on a tour of this country , all the way down to coe pidaria , where we will pick up the cup and bring it back home , just as simple as that .
its bound to be in arria , one way or another , as the wanderer was always attached to this country .
the forest , which was the largest in the country and covered almost a quarter of it , was named after the first goddess , mila .
the earth grows our crops and keeps us safe from harm , but most of all , arria is also our country .
the ownership of the town square belonged to all citizens of arria , her country , and the residents of coe baba in particular , but she wondered if land itself was special .
coe baba had been built to last through the ages of upset and centuries of distress , for coe baba might have been around for well over a thousand years , perhaps as long as the country of arria had existed .
coe baba was isolated from most of the country , and the rest of the world , with just a road that went east to coe dobila or west to coe anji .
but likely enough , hastin would have to go join some other military force , like the borders guards , as the barons son needed to go fight for his king , country , and father , and earn a wage if he was nt the oldest son who would inherit the title and property .
* * * arria is the largest country , taking up about a quarter of the continent salarria , or big earth , the teacher said .
below the za desert , to the southwest , is pinal , a mountainous country , which is why the desert is so hot .
urso borders the most countries , with arrias tau valley in the west , the wastelands in the southwest , pinal in the northwest , the za desert to the north , and mirandor to the east .
mirandor is considered the height of culture , with arria and other countries emulating its style and taste .
kiwata is the easternmost country on the continent , containing dalan forest , the rainforest , although there are other island nations surrounding the continent , off of the east and west coasts .
no one knows what arria was like , or corrica , not truly , in the days before arria was established as a country , the teacher said .
i do nt knowhow does it go in other countries and towns ?
what you ve done for your country will not be forgotten .
i heard her father had inherited some land from a distant relative in the northeastern part of the country .
if she had told him , instead of leaving the country , he would have done something .
his mother , who was from a very ancient and honorable family of noras , returned to her native country with the boy and was married to a cheftan named ponteris oastirne .
but they were so fierce and strong that they swiftly overcame their enemies and subdued all the land from the eastern sea to the western mountains ; altogether their country was more than seven - hundred leagues from east to west and just under five - hundred leagues from north to south .
falsis was once a prominent country with traders and merchants coming from all over tel arie .
perhaps he would leave that country also ; when the winter returns again he could sail to kollun and then to wherever his fancy carried him .
' let no man eat of the creatures of this country until we have done the proper rites .
by the time he met samuel , he 'd lived in three different countries and squandered five hundred years .
and , one is never alone in this country .
caleb and tina talked about leaving the country for some tropical destination , not a bad idea .
as jim blackwell looked around the boardroom , he spotted his chosen five : his two highest ranking fbi agents , adam swift and gary hall , and the three special agents in charge ( or , sacs ) of the three ( supernaturally ) busiest areas of the country : san francisco , chicago , and new orleans .
hell , the whole country , for that matter according to his instructors .
they d have to go to a part of the country where they knew nobody , and where nobody knew them .
long before you started the bsi , there has been an organization of us who have been policing the fae in the major cities of this country .
even in other countries for that matter .
this was his country , where his family and friends lived , so he would never be able to go and leave them behind .
why did people want to leave the country ?
well , that is one of the things that happen when you have many decades of corruption as happens in every third world country , but great colombia was more stable than most , the country started as an experiment made by simon bolivar back in 1819 by merging a few of the countries of old , the country was divided in three territories or departments which were venezuela , cundinamarca and quito .
well , that is one of the things that happen when you have many decades of corruption as happens in every third world country , but great colombia was more stable than most , the country started as an experiment made by simon bolivar back in 1819 by merging a few of the countries of old , the country was divided in three territories or departments which were venezuela , cundinamarca and quito .
well , that is one of the things that happen when you have many decades of corruption as happens in every third world country , but great colombia was more stable than most , the country started as an experiment made by simon bolivar back in 1819 by merging a few of the countries of old , the country was divided in three territories or departments which were venezuela , cundinamarca and quito .
there have always been a power struggle between all the territories , but the recent presidents managed to achieve a tense state of peace , the capital of the country was caracas in the venezuelan territory .
despite all these problems the country really felt as if it was going to grow into a developed country some day , there were many natural resources , great education at least in the capital and wonderful happy people or so guillem thought .
despite all these problems the country really felt as if it was going to grow into a developed country some day , there were many natural resources , great education at least in the capital and wonderful happy people or so guillem thought .
life was respected , at least more than in most third world countries , the oil income was so large that the country managed to survive almost exclusively on the income it produced .
he has been inflaming their resentment toward everyone and most people believe he is preparing to take over the country .
and you too , there is a growing darkness in the great colombia , the reality of this country is now different and i can not believe you do not see it .
and have a little faith mother , this country is not like that .
after the usual salutations they went to college , they studied in the central university of the great colombia which was probably the best of the country 's colleges .
you will see , if he gets to power he will start financing his people in other neighbouring countries , the plan is already on its way .
he will come , steal all he wants and then leave through the back door leaving the country the same way he found it .
we keep receiving reports about many violent manifestations all over the country after the first speech from cabrera .
the country is ours now and we are going to defend it with blood if it is required !
i can not believe this is the only solution to what is happening in my country .
our dad travels a lot doing a lot of charity work , helping children in third world countries .
third world countries , teaching , building anything , was definitely not my mothers forte , or my fathers for that matter , they would have a hard time knowing if he was telling the truth or not .
because i really did n't need a knock on the door from the police ready to drag my grandmother away for importing god knows what into the country .
about the kilo of cocaine you tried to import into the country , he replied easily .
i would n't be able to sit down with the customs official , let him know that my grandmother was a little demented , and assure him that i would never let her try to import any restricted goods into the country again .
she said , no she practically harassed me over the fact that i must do my paperwork before i import potentially restricted goods into the country .
my grandmother had , after all , tried to import a ridiculously large amount of cocaine into the country .
your grandmother appears to have had an illustrious career of ordering restricted goods into the country .
yes , that meant she would dance around in mud pies in the yard , but it unfortunately also meant that she could nt see the problem in ordering large quantities of very illegal drugs into the country .
your contact , tsai , brokered a deal with the americans to smuggle the sirens heart out of this country .
neuri were of scythian or slavic descent , from countries now known as poland and ukraine .
he now belongs , no longer simply existing , but living in a new country , his country .
he now belongs , no longer simply existing , but living in a new country , his country .
liz also finished school , and went off to college in the middle of the country .
that was no surprise to jake , everyone knew how much john loved his country , but the fact that this level of pride came from his best friends father meant just a little more .
there is a manhunt underway , but so far , he has not been able to be captured by the lawmen of this country .
its just hard to believe there is still racism in our country when we fought a civil war and now everyone has the same rights .
well then , you got more than ninety percent of this country , probably ninety percent of this planet .
and after all , we ve got the best surfing beach in the damned country on our doorstep .
the overall objective of proposal 24.23.17.82 is to galvanise our country and its people by replacing our native tongue with a modern vocabulary , so we may better communicate with the outside world .
england is a small , insignificant country .
so instead of preparing to send them to new england , they exiled them to this boarding school for the socially challenged on the other side of the country .
the lucky country .
as were all aware , he has forgotten that the party runs this country , and he actually believes all the dreadful propaganda we trot out about him .
how is this damned country ever going to become a civilised state when we all have to dance around one man 's ego ?
there is nobody in the entire country who will dare tell the guide about the plan .
but his grade average has been so awful for so long i ca n't see him ever being accepted by any reputable university in the country .
australia in strine there 's a lucky country somewhere down under , see aborigine legends litter the ground .
its the epic tale of our beloved guides life , and how he has led his chosen country from a backward heathen past towards a glorious god fearing future .
half of them are trying to steer the country which is you lot in a direction nobody other than them wants to go .
we ve gotten something from this country called , er , south jefferstown , and we ve been looking over it .
having exhausted most of it on food , wine and song , parvark belatedly realised they were now in a country which was friendly with the west .
and by way of explanation , he idiotically grinned i am loving this country !
if their requests for entry into this country were rejected by any one of these solitary men , then the game would be over .
i m not sure i love this country so much after all .
you re really going to have to learn to speak english like this larry person if you 're going to succeed in this country .
instead we market it directly ourselves through our mobile sales force , and were planning on travelling across the country from the east coast to the west coast , stopping off at a number of places along the way .
they 'd hardly been in this country for a single day and humvat had already turned into this contorting capitalist machine which was only interested in talking about making money and being a winner .
he paused on each station to view some of the commercials which glorified this wonderful country and this evocative lifestyle in which himself and humvat sought sanctuary .
they 're from a country called south jefferstown .
this currently stands at more than $ 50,000 for each and every man , woman and child in the country , so the average family of two adults and two children is indebted to the tune of some $ 200,000 .
are foreigners needing work permit in this country ?
i did n't go through the pain of leaving my family and home in south jefesta and coming to this country for this life of ignominy .
did you know we 're supposed to possess work visas if we are in employment in this country ?
we upset government and had to flee country .
in my home country , the prophet baqra said many times that rich men could never get into heaven , because they are following money and the path to riches , instead of following grace and the path to god .
you sit at you desk in office all day , do nothing while i travel up and down country , and for one dollar you give me you keep five for you .
if you leave the job then you lose the visa , and if you lose the visa then you ca nt work in this country .
he 'll be telling us the story behind wild about larry , which has become such a huge and unlikely success in this country .
of course , now we are rid of the pack of vermin the hard work of cleaning up the country has to start .
this accolade is afforded to india , a country with a population of more than one billion people .
so much so that when britain was in danger of collapse during the two world wars of the twentieth century , volunteers from all corners of the empire freely poured in to help defend what they regarded as their mother country .
its the lucky country .
he said good luck to you in your journey to lucky country .
half the kids in this country probably sound just like the characters in that bastard larry television show .
the german states and the low countries were sick with it .
however , dasen knew that many of the workers had not come from the country .
your success may decide the fate of all the people in this country you call your home . ''
you know the love i have for this country , for this city .
nolan and wren hailed from daylin , a smaller country to the east of gris .
he had even been to ythakah several times , the country whose people seemed to come in all shades of brown .
assuming , again , she was the right age and even in this country and area to begin with , she 'd be a very different woman .
there used to be a small village deep in the mountains , what was left of a band of cherokee that had settled long before any european ever set foot in this country .
he d often heard stories about mothers and fathers who went to the ends of the earth for their missing children , spending thousands of dollars on searches even when there was no longer any hope , traveling across the country to follow wild goose chases .
jason wondered which country he was in now .
according to what talon had told branton the country , no , the kingdom , was a large one .
he read every title of every city , country , island and more .
besides which , it is far colder in my northern country .
i felt like i d been abandoned in a foreign country .
she is the countrys most gifted burial sage .
ever since i took on the crown and responsibilities of the northlandic kingdom , you have served me and the country with fervor , granting freedom and fairness to all .
as she tried to shake the mare dream , she got out of bed and looked out the window over the country of which she was soon to be the queen .
your father instructed me to remind you that you have been sanctified with a great responsibility to help rid this country of the evils of eiess .
the weather had been milder today , but not nearly amicable enough to melt any of the snow that blanketed the entire country and had for what seemed an eternity .
she had made sure of it , moving halfway across the country to take up residence in texas .
it sank , the whole country ?
he could make out countries , the borders sharply delineated on the dark hide , see grey blue expanses of oceans and peaks dirt brown and threading through the land like a necklace of arrow heads .
as even the roman legions knew when they gave up their lives on a battlefield far from home every soil is a brave mans country .
the truth was that the country had long since been bogged down in interminable wars between its feudal lords , and the germany they remembered held little resemblance to the reality now .
much was written on cloth and parchment or wood in strange characters , part of a great hidden library that was smuggled piece by piece across the icy mountains by the monks of thibet , in fear of its discovery , for the mongol hordes had overrun the country and plundered its monasteries .
the people were thin and hollow eyed ; the plague leaving the country diminished and further oppressed by unjust laws , and he d heard grumbling in the taverns and bakeries and market fairs as he wandered through the towns .
and a great sadness overcame him , because through every country he travelled , every town and village he passed ; he could not help but to be struck by the misery of the common people .
the standardized test necessary for me to apply to any law school in the country .
justin 's firm was based in los angeles , and they had a retreat every winter , bringing in all their lawyers from across the country to enjoy fine wine , gourmet food , and endless seminars on how to sue corporate america .
but when i named the city here , my decision to move halfway across the country sounded shockingly irresponsible .
he had invited me to move halfway across the country with him , and i had refused .
that would be the canadian flag , you know , your home country ?
i have no home country .
your grandfather changed his name to harrington when he moved to this country .
she reminded me that a lot of people thought that joan of arc was a witch because she was strong and smart and led her country to victory in the war against the british .
even though she was from another country , she was just like most of my friends .
cruz lives in another country and you re with nate .
yes , we have seen that also since we have lived in this country away from our people .
so dad could reacquaint himself with the country .
we will probably have to move to another country where you will not see them .
they kidnapped me in my own country .
they told of colonies in far off places , other countries .
rumours continued to surface that something menacing was growing in the north and east of the country .
do nt take it the wrong way ; i like ortarian people , and i ve spent a long time in your country , but at heart i m a proud silvorian .
ortaria is our country !
before twilight ... before nosferatu ... before dracula ... there was varney ... exodus by gavin chappell and gavin roach - medina does a deal with papa humfo to escape her war - torn country .
ever since the country had collapsed , she had wanted to get away , go somewhere where there was still civilisationif it existed .
you wan na leave our fine country , man ?
we wo nt get it anywhere else in this country .
you mean that this country was infested with elves and trolls ?
they were now , in spirit , all one fleet , having one object , bearing against one enemy , ready to defend but one country , and that country was the entire earth .
i well remember how my heart was stirred at this impressive exhibition of the boundless influence which my country had come to exercise over all the people of the world , and i turned to look at the man to whose genius this uprising of the earth was due .
he had not been given a foremost place in the congress , but when the name of his country was pronounced he rose by his chair , dressed in a gorgeous specimen of the peculiar attire of his country , then slowly pushed his way to the front , stepped up to the presidents desk and deposited upon it a small box .
the emperor william , in his military dress , danced with the beauteous princess masaco , the daughter of the mikado , who wore for the occasion the ancient costume of the women of her country , sparkling with jewels , and glowing with quaint combinations of color like a gorgeous butterfly .
if i am to die i prefer to leave my bones among those of my imperial ancestors , and not in this vulgar country , where no king has ever ruled .
you re not sending me off to some swanky college on the other side of the country , are you ?
christopher augustus went into his office in london without fail on every day that he spent in england and if he was out of the country he would phone his secretary obsessively to make sure that everything was running smoothly .
he wandered around , glancing enviously into the rooms , wondering why people left a house like this deserted when in other parts of the country kids were growing up like he had : when the streets were full of the homeless ... his inner monologue came to an abrupt end as he forced open the door to the final room .
the condition hit the country like a foot - and - mouth outbreak .
that i can not say , sir ; but certainly the story , in all its painful particulars , has made a great sensation all over the country .
but , nevertheless , as you are here , permit me to say , that it will be my pride , my pleasure , and the boast of the remainder of my existence , to be of some service to so gallant a defender of my country , and one whose name , along with the memory of his deeds , is engraved upon the heart of every briton .
the tradition says that they carried off from the valley , which was our native land , a large number of our people , taking them first into a strange country , where there were oceans of sand , but where a great river , flowing through the midst of the sands , created a narrow land of fertility .
if we can close those gates now at the moment of high tide we shall flood the country .
but as the water rushed on it would break the banks of all the canals intersecting the country , and these , being also elevated above the surface , would add the impetus of their escaping waters to hasten the advance of the flood .
i m no different from my fellows , except that i m actively tryin to put in their place all the wasters and scum and degenerates this countrys plagued wiv .
thorolf answers : most like it is that i shall not seek to thee in cases again ; nor yet shall the woes of you folk of this country lie utterly asleep .
it occurred to him that cassidy hunter would have been only a little older than his own daughter , now living with her mother half a country away .
they wanted him dead because he was an american soldier in their country and he stood for change and a new way of life .
ian nodded , exactly , but what has come of such knowledge in your own country ?
each pair was soon aback either the drake or the pegassi and vanished back to vesper and its crumbling castle to fetch more of the precious water and then on to erians home country to get the neophyte knights mounted .
the world resolved itself into a mountainous country of forest , meadow , and rushing rivers .
i knew some vile threat was coming upon your home country and one of your own must counter it .
kyan said almost to himself , that it would , though no earthly place could ever truly compare to that bright country .
titus experienced a chill as he looked beyond it again , to that ominous , looming forest wall that marked the uttermost limits of the roman empire and the beginnings of barbarian country .
and in each country as it passed beneath our feet , we left some of the comrades who had shared our perils and our adventures .
biorn answered : that only will i promise thee which lies in my might ; nor do i wot if i have might enow for this , if thurid and i are in one country together .
we are now heading to our new home country .
i ca nt believe well be in a totally different country when we wake up , commented meg .
i think the country is called nihon , or nippon in their language .
well , the country used to be called yamato if that s what you are asking for , answered meg .
i would rather scoop out my tired orbs with spoons than endure another fell day skittering on the rock strewn arse skin of this soggy excuse for a country .
its influence had permeated every aspect of life in the country , having spread like the wasting rot that had consumed his mother .
this one was of a great battle , perhaps the subjugation of his country .
their nation had been founded in the ashes of the trimenal lands , a vast country split by the two wars of brothers into becoming goldoria , feldor and thetoria .
she had never heard of such an event in the many fireside stories of the empire still told by travellers the country over .
a panic consumed her as she sensed she had to flee , to escape this city and this country and return to the safety of her old life , to the warmth of the basement kitchen and the security of servitude .
if you added the dark trauma of his past in the country to the fatal risks of getting caught performing magic it inevitably set the wild - mage moaning about life in general .
they speak the native tongue that was here before your empire occupied the country , jem said .
and , in the wake of the fall of the empire , artoria split into two countries ?
the haunted look in her eyes , like a person discovering they had woken up in a foreign country , seemed to be burned into my minds eye like a photograph .
my first impression was that each had dressed suitably for the occasion , with not one being fitted in a designer outfit worth less than a small country .
but , as ye can now enter the north country through the western pass , ye should be able to travel undetected along the razors back until ye reach neu ardonbrae .
he shouts at his officers , remember you fight for your king and country .
the armies of the northern countries would win , but not without severe losses .
enzi might still love his country and the people in it , but he no longer loved the government .
tales of his times in the factory crafting golems as well as other tales of life in ravalei had shown the people of the encampment what the country was really like .
the greed of the company had grown rampant while the country had been busy with other concerns .
you know i think bigger than just our one little country .
your hard work will make feergrus a stronger country .
for love of my gods and country , you had to die .
enzi 's irregulars had few fans in the southern countries anymore .
he had the resources of an entire country behind him .
the sheer amount of agriculture in the river valleys of agon meant that the country was a powerhouse in the trade for food goods .
it also meant that it was nearly impossible to starve the country .
they took care of things while devis was busy handling the things outside of the country .
they were useful tools to save his people and his country .
yet even enzi showed concern for his own country over another , despite all of them still being human .
it appeared to be a foreign report on some foreign country experiencing a foreign rebellion .
i ' m telling you , dear , the rate people are getting sick and injured in this country , it 's shocking .
there was something profoundly compelling about traveling through the country , alone , on a mission .
it seemed as if they were traveling through foreign country , a land that was becoming slowly but surely reclaimed by earth .
on my last book tour , i got really good response from the young folk all across the country .
3 ) country , where his native ireland is a nation in great social and political turmoil at the time , and stephen is pressured to answer its call .
as a young man i decided to visit the land where the world ends , it being then a country of great curiosity to me , though i had heard but little concerning it .
i travelled many months , protected by the grace of the goddess , until i passed into the country of the savages .
i asked you to accompany me because i am old now and can not march across whole countries on my own .
it was so placed by good strategy , i tell you , with a wide , deep sea behind and a flat , grassy country in front .
we knew the lie of the country and prepared ourselves for it ..
their country is large and they are thinly scattered .
tell me of your country , high priest .
his race dwells to the north and he might have experience of the climate and conditions there , though he has not admitted this to me , also , if by chance you are shipwrecked , he could lead you to safety through the country of the savages , as they are called .
she started to love the people and wanted them to care about their country .
lucinda thought to herself , maybe it would nt be so difficult to get chad to fall in love with her ; after all , they were in a country made for romance .
no doubt her love for queen and country fuels this heroic determination inside of her .
but do n't take the logs with you when you leave the country .
never forget what george c. scott told us - no poor dumb son - of - bitch ever won a war by dying for his country .
` you brought this kid to my country .
we will get ye back to your people loitering in the wilderness , and all of us can then escape this country before the cruel devil - boss returns .
they were dressed in plain looking clothes , the sort worn by folk in this area of the country .
dispatched of all the countries sadie had ever visited , japan was , perhaps , the smallest and most beautiful .
he had meandered across the country with various military leaders who were part of the ruling oligarchy in japan .
just as they had settled in many other asian countries like tibet , because this was the normal human appearance they possessed , so they had also taken residence in japan .
either this or the monks feared to displease the leaders of their country for fear of reprisal .
he had , in fact , heard this story , and it was one of the few things that had made him uneasy about accepting the posting in this country .
she knew this to be utter drivel , just from having grown up in this country .
oh , i know , my feelings on this country and of its native population are in the very small minority .
all this business we have here in this country .
family shame had driven him from his mother country , and he d arrived in the arms of the redcoats with the remnants of his family fortune , his only thought to redeem honor lost .
he calculated that he might make up the last of his needs within a short time , and retire with a comfortable pension back in his own country , away from these stuffy english .
she might even pass for a native of his own country , and for a few minutes , arras mulled over the idea of demanding her hand as part of payment .
well , not exactly , not in this country , but strake had experience with the extraordinary police powers in some other countries .
he was older than old , older than this whole country .
not many apes knew how to swim , nor could we build a raft , in country short of wood .
but let 's not let such trifles interfere with my explaining just what brings us here : '' he summarized our aspiration to defeat the wasans ( after bashing through the fabled battlements with which the race of human satanists defend the place ) and -- that accomplished -- press our tribal quest for deity to country further west .
when it had spent its force , we raged around the country , razing cities to the ground .
` ` when you got through , the country was n't there !
all day long , then , elsa saw that childs face , as well as a fading map of that unfamiliar countrya country that had never , until now , given her a second thought .
for most of the population of my former country ( and much of the world ) can no longer be engaged .
somehow these characters made up boundaries that were not drawn ; they delineated yearnings in his heart that had gone with him from one country to another , over land as well as sea , their indelible images the only landscape he could see during one - third of his life , in dreams .
i am from an english - speaking country .
when he was well past his prime , and fraught with the problems that only the new country could bring , he sometimes looked back on that year , wanting to both relive and forget it , and able to do neither .
there are many an intelligent and handsome widow in this country due to the war .
its paper showed that it was found near something called stonehenge , in a country called britain .
this place is a madhouse and a country that would willingly use a man to control the minds of people is not a country i want to stay in .
this place is a madhouse and a country that would willingly use a man to control the minds of people is not a country i want to stay in .
tomorrow we leave this gods forsaken country .
leave this country ? }
i wish to serve my country .
i ' m leaving the country since i ' ve found out the truth about the ss as well .
we will follow them , find our people , and leave this country , djordji said .
if they work , there will be both more and less trouble for those with magic in this country .
verruckt , please tell any others that you know of with magic what has transpired as well and urge them to flee the country .
if it gets us out of this godforsaken country , then yes , johann responded dieter , it was your idea .
i shall give him a pyre the likes this country has n't seen in ages .
was oz a foreign country ?
i want to visit the country .
they could say , look how great our country is , that even a monster can call himself a patriot .
then of course , the little issue of dealing with werewolves would work wonders when it came to distracting the country from all of its other problems .
he distributes it all over the country to help other weres control themselves so they wo nt flip out and start eating people .
i mean , there is always some kind of bounty somewhere for werewolves , but leopards were mostly unheard of in this country until , oh , twenty , thirty years ago .
i had to deliver on my own , which was terrifying , but i am russian wereleopard in new country so i manage .
the other powers around them would only see him as a joke , so insignificant and backward was his small country !
these men who had lived their lives in the relative safety of a country seldom harassed by intruders , were , in general , soft , inexperienced and lazy .
i think nahash will serve me quite well and i do n't want any chaos or disruption in the country whatsoever .
if one studied a map of the israelite territories in these times they would be struck first by the fact that the country bore an extremely vertical shape running nearly two hundred miles north and south as compared to its less than sixty mile width .
a second outstanding feature would be the fact that a range of hills and mountains ran up and down the country 's length , looking almost like a backbone and separating east from west nearly all the way down from upper dan , in the north , to the central area of southern judah , where it devolved into a barren wilderness .
the last report he had heard of david was that he was living in ziglag on the philistine border , which was very near his own country .
at this very moment they wait in fear of a second invasion and i believe that the whole country quakes and trembles at our feet ! ''
many of them could have fled to their own countries but , instead , they were ready to follow david even to the death if necessary !
many people are actually getting so sick they re being quarantined in different countries .
its affected the entire country , she croaked and then cleared her throat .
you can tell me a little more , but i d have to leave and go somewhere mysterious , somewhere outside the country ?
they were from all over the country , and each one had a trail of evidence cataloged , indicating why the agent or meta investigating believed the person they caught was the guilty party .
happened all across the country last night .
however this time it was kerbal , the north most country on einach , who carried out a shock invasion .
orders came in from all over the country , but most of the customers were from the northeast .
the school was renown throughout the entire country , but not to the folk world , and especially not to the neighboring folks .
so young but so willing to die for the country that he so loved dearly .
he could n't do that to the country , or the people , that he served .
if i no longer follow my emperor , am i not betraying my country and your grace ? ''
` ` your country is very strange to me .
as i mentioned , your country is very strange to me .
` ` as far as anyone there knows , i am still the legate of lycania and while i may have turned against my emperor , i did not turn against my country .
now she lived in a palace and was set to rule over an entire country .
seriously , is this any way to have the future queen of segennya greet the goddess of her familys house and country ?
she is ruling a beat up country that is torn with little chance of repair .
we do nt know the first thing about traveling through this country , and he s a bird !
look , i am not of your country , monika said .
she continued , travel southward through the forest , hills , and valley of this -- your path may change , she had just skipped over a part she might not believe in , basha realized , about arriagreat country .
and then when the old man accompanied me , he told me the story of how the knights of arria , when they arrived in this country , the first town they came to was coe baba !
my brother goga and most of my guards are now searching across the country for the group , to destroy them if they can not be captured again , and i am taking measures to search for the servant woman responsible in aiding them so that she can be punished as well .
plus , they still had to fight some battles in their own time period , against arria and pakric and pinal , battles that never would have happened if we had arria , or some other country to call our own , besides the za desert .
coe kiki is the capital of my country , and i do nt want to miss seeing that , few of us would .
englan , da greatest country in da world , said red as he scratched his head .
it divided my country into two feuding factions , north vs. south .
our country became divided between the northern and southern halves .
this man was torn from his home by his country , and now he is in a strange world with no one .
it was some of the most beautiful country that locmire had ever laid eyes upon .
this room was as foreign to her as another country .
i think she secretly wants to move into the sunlit countries but is too afraid to take the first step .
for fifteen years morfran had been making sorties deep into elven country to collect detailed intelligence on elven defences .
he mentioned his idea of letting his youngest daughter take some time after her leaving cert in june to perform in pubs and music events around the country before going to uni .
fine , but do n't let that bullshit slip ; i 'll have to go makin ' little half - irish bastard kids all over the country to live that down . ''
vikings who settled colonies in every country in europe and assimilated culturally .
this was a country of strange wonders .
` ` when do you plan to return to your home country , ambassador ? ''
they live in a wild country outside alavariss .
in truth , they had all that they needed , but raahi insisted that bartrem brewing made the most delectable ginger beer in any country of any world in any part of the largo .
this country was lush with beautiful forests and vast lakes that were bustling with life .
the sorcerer came from a remote country in the east .
as if someone had divided the country in two .
the old religion based on elements had been overcome in most of the country .
californias big one was a good model of what to expect in this kind of situation ; the difference is that the breakdown was localized and the rest of the country could pour in aid and resources as fast as we could get it there .
there were already reports of that kind trickling in from all across the country .
and mascara than a small country could afford , did n't feel right to henrietta .
he d fought in battles across half of greece , mostly against bandits or on the borders against barbarians , but once or twice against rival countries .
colchis was a place of myth itself , a country where the rivers were laced with gold and precious stones washed up on the strands after a storm .
this light - drenched new palace was proof of how far that cleverness had taken him , and the country he ruled .
the king longed for his sisters return so badly , he would nt hesitate to award a lower duty on the goods of the country which had delivered her .
his was a crowded country even by the standards of greece .
any king worth the name tried to make his country stronger , and there would always be danger in that .
king thalpius has been complaining for years that the high kings laws mean he ca nt fight neighbouring countries , even when he has cause .
legend claimed there was a spring of clear water in that country which bestowed wisdom to any man who drank from it .
my country sits at the border of greece , my lords .
the king of a small country had to swallow insults more often than most , and he gave no sign that it irritated him .
her legs were covered in a thin layer of diaphanous silk the harem of velenese barons wore such clothes , for despite the cold and wet climate in their country , they kept their women scantily clad like those from the mischlan tribes .
exiled to a distant and violent country , rob is forced to fight his closest friends for survival , only to discover his mothers nemesis is still alive , and is determined to wipe out her family and all her allies .
students who wish to be bards go and live in the halls of lore for seven years , where they learn all the wisdom of a thousand years of skraldom , from the old kings when the skrallands were one country ruled by one man , to the songs made about the wars of the last few years .
i would like to meet this young man , and to know more about the halls , and your country and customs .
my preconceptions of your country may be sadly awry .
the ice lords armies swept from one country to the next , as quick and destructive as wildfire .
the tribes coalesced into an army and attacked their neighbouring country .
after a brief and bloody war , they moved onto the next country and the next .
with the fall of so many other countries , skralland is the last refuge we know of .
in my country we abhor the waste and bloodshed of war .
there are many differences between your country and my own and you have lost much , but there is more to this land than you realise .
even in autumn , lyria is a hot country .
there are green birds in my country , but they are all a muddy colour to blend in with the sparse grass of the mountains .
i have seen them from above , even , but i have never been to this country before now , nor can i think of any painting or map that would have shown them .
the wars are ever more horrific and country after country has fallen to them .
the wars are ever more horrific and country after country has fallen to them .
maran might not be a warrior but he was a skral , and in this country love was a woman 's indulgence .
i have seen my family and friends killed , my country burned and my livelihood taken from me .
my country has gone , its culture smashed to a million pieces and its people scattered , but here at the end of the world , all of that is lost amongst so much other destruction .
country after country has fallen , whole peoples are slain and scattered , animals slaughtered and fields burned .
eventually the tale was done , to much appreciation and then the gai renese chattered for a moment before one of them launched into a tale from their country , of the battle of wits between a dragon who lived under a lake and the fisherman who made his living from it .
the days and months went much faster now that he had friends to talk to and he told them all about the places he had flown over , the plants and animals that he had seen ( and in some cases , eaten ) and the cities and countries of which the other dragons had talked when he was little enough to still be interested .
it does seem to me that no matter where you come from or what language you speak , every country has its tales about dragons , lodden continued .
warriors as they all now were , the various members and nationalities made peace with themselves and each other , making vows of brotherhood to their comrades , even those from other countries .
there are temples in my country that are older than the hills , but we do not know whose they were or who worshipped there .
even his bodyguard blakey is not safe ; when he is summoned down to the sea - caves , blakey is uneasy and so he should be , for he is about to meet the archangel in a country still recovering from war , events are stirring and the little harbour - town will not remain obscure for long ; but in scarlock , right now , mr copeland is coming to call and this time he 's not taking no for an answer .
so you believe its safe not to be concerned with lilende because of osleys possible rallying against his own country .
they will have failed their country and their people ... ashwin ... ren ... korsten kept at the body beneath him , pinning it with his touch and his charm .
both wanted nothing to do with a unified edrinor and both wanted what remained of the country for themselves .
the demonic youth would offer him another chance to betray his country and his fellow mages .
this was exactly what thomas wanted , giving him the opportunity to cleanse the country , to slay all those who opposed him and shape its people toward his own evil plans and ambitions .
your name is , elijah , and you are a storyteller , a man who travels the continent of islabad , a man who knows the country , its vices and its dangers ?
it sounds like the country is ripe for rebellion .
the country is slowly being ruined .
the country they were now going through was sparsely timbered , with low - lying hills .
they could probably tell you something about your mothers country .
gabriels description of that far away country rekindled faint memories of just such a place in her mind .
it is not a pretty sight and it would tear the country apart , added elijah .
elijah could understand why the king had never defeated the manutes , the country was suited to defense , a few well - placed soldiers could keep an army at bay for a long time .
brannigan had no fear of being recognised here in darfor as he was from moran , a country on the eastern side of islabad , but for his master it was far different .
five years we have been roaming the country .
evidently , my credentials were provided to the officials by harvard university before i even entered the country .
i decided to present my puzzle to a graduate antiquities class and see what the brightest minds in the country might come up with .
greetings dear friend , welcome to my country , he said with his arms stretched high above his head .
i had forgotten the natural beauty of this country .
it is time to eat dinner my friend and taste the delicacies of my country .
he thanked me for visiting his country , apologized for the delay , and waved me through the gate to board my flight .
in fact , the only thing that differentiated the howling hills from indole 's home country , the moaning mounds , was a large palisade made from sharpened pieces of timber with what looked like mineral deposits on top .
you are in the country of aduhlajh , but in the city of sorcerers .
and this place scared me , even though it was as gloomy as i had expected the country of aduhlajh to be .
i did know , however , that aduhlajhs country was across the sea , and i was terribly far from home .
did you not study my country in your history books ?
he may be the ruler of this country , but i was ruler of two others .
i hate , and i hate your country , and i hope no one ever marries you .
but you get out there and smite that monster for king and country .
i know i am only a small and foolish pot boy , but i love the queen and our country and i would die to serve a great hero like you .
there are countries all over europe that are grateful for your services and intervention .
we moved from one club to another , and in many cases , the humans in the clubs would speak another language , giving away yet another country .
the more words i brought to the room , the more i could start identifying the clubs and in which country we were in .
the entire team was waiting outside for the signal , but they never received it because you two intervened and shifted them across the country , amon replied , still smiling .
he travelled this route often and knew the country well .
i sounds like you had a nice holiday in the country , meeting the people and getting fat .
i know the country better than they do .
here i sit in the ladies academy , being protected from mechanically made practice swords from domaland , but my mind has been scarred far more deeply by the actions of the people of my own country .
the race of faeries have no realms as such and just tend to make their homes wherever they are welcome , therefore the queens subjects are spread far and wide across the entire country .
i was told that you had chosen to travel through my country with the witch to learn her ways .
in your country , i am learning that poetry is more respected and i have chosen to study and write .
most shared information about herb lore , the political situation in the country , relationships with surrounding areas , and their dealings with the church .
a celestial scribe stood in attendance , unspooling an endless scroll , his hand and brush a hummingbird blur to record my entry into the country of wifehood .
he has some galls to come to my country , to my city and behave like an imbecile with my people , not less than my partner !
he says miserably , looking angry and sad all at once , if you do nt want to count the fact that they are planning to fly us out of the country , then that s it .
how in the world my family could manage all of us to be shipped to a new country , much less a new continent , within a span of a few hours is beyond my comprehension .
knowing that my presence may probably cause neals discoveryi shifted to a newer , neighborhood country , letting neal stay on his own .
and when neals issue will pass by smoothly , well all return to our country in good spirits and try our best to resume our lives .
22.colliding the debarred my home country , latvia , is a pretty cold country .
22.colliding the debarred my home country , latvia , is a pretty cold country .
better than the skimpy , sweaty humidity that is characteristic of summers in some of the unfortunate countries .
unfortunately , we have to report that several windstorms and tornadoes also ravaged other parts of the country overnight .
he kept telling me to forgive him for everything * * * far across the country , damon stile lay in his cell , staring up at the ceiling .
i do nt know where he ran to , but i know for sure he d better get out of the country .
three times a year ill have to leave the country , it comes with the package .
what better way to throw off the police then to choose victims clear across the country ?
the last time i checked , this was a free country .
gulliver was shipwrecked and washed up in a country made of islands called lilliput .
people come back to our little town from all over the country .
~~~~~ at this time , in a distant country , there was a war raging .
as he left for that distant country , angelica cried and amadeo put his arms around her and said to her , its okay .
one last brief triumph for king and country !
* * * they sat in a small cluster away from the main group of knights , who continued to give them troubled stares and anxious glances , as if they felt that their very presence was a threat to them or their country .
but perhaps garadin or belin , the knights of issar , will do their country the honour that the lord of calnibur can not .
somewhere in europe , i ca n't even remember what country it was now .
just scanning the area nearby i can see an enormous mix of people ; from those native to this country , to other europeans , to asians and africans .
elliot wanted me to fly across the country for a job interview in two days .
i do nt want you to go across the country just to get your heart broken .
come home and meet a nice boy who will take care of you instead of hanging onto one who wants to drag you all over the country .
elliot was right when he said connor had set up movers to ship my stuff across the country .
i d gone temporarily insane from the stress of moving across the country .
there s no point in zigzagging back and forth across the country when we can just leave from here .
i had a sharp retort ready , but swallowed it down as i remembered the ironclad contracts and flight across the country .
mrs . grimsby continued on , chattering about the country today with the occasional thinly veiled barb toward those bats as she called them , but erin paid little attention .
it is in the country of cray .
we moved you to another city in this country , called guistick , to get you healed .
ramer talked , saying that alphas castle was located in pact , in the country of crash .
were not in dragon country here .
he left me note saying that he had left for a country he had read about that lay beyond the ocean .
mathias favored atlantean strong - arm sword fighting , and gha'haram used the swift , sword - dancing style of his native country of nysa .
they were originally military experiments by the country 's old sovereignty ; before they turned on them and took over the country .
there has been many supposed ' sightings ' of the grey children throughout the country , especially in the towns of deep ridge , halifax , kingston and haletonwhere thomas was killed .
trek the mountains of nysa , or ride across the vast grasslands of my home country .
egypt is a beautiful country , you know .
my country is quite a mystical place .
aniya , a huge village half a suns travel away , held the most stunning architecture and was the source of the finest meat in the country , not to mention provided the best skin for her most precious artwork .
one city , almost the most ancient in the country , was matara .
mortha , kellir , varne , they 'll be gone once premo leaves to destroy the rest of the country .
you will benefit from gaining possessions beyond your wildest dreams and be part of the richest civilisation in the country .
why have nt we put up defences before now , knowing full well the country is being ravaged ?
vano was one of the safest and most prosperous cities in the country .
it is clear premo is attacking the villages rather than cities , and only at the moment in the east of the country .
tavolo recognised the emblem of matara as he recognised the emblems of every army in and out of the country .
the air had become cooler now as tane had passed its high point and it would not be long before mahrken set in , plunging the country into the season of death and surely , for some places , famine .
a few moments later she drew a piece of skin and a pencil from her satchel and began to lightly outline the old country that she saw in her head .
a beautiful village far away from the horrors of the rest of the country .
they have some of the most ... structured cultural rituals in the country .
it was a huge village with rounded walls like those fashionable elsewhere in the country , but that were made of thick wood instead of stone .
cora had just handed targu a future on a platter , one that was likely their only hope of progressing into the future if the country survived these dark suns .
well we ca n't just tell the secrets of the ayisa meya to every strange person in the country , can we ?
your majesty , we have supplies stored across the country , we do n't need to stop here .
it was to be addressed to keno , our most stern minister who held such contempt for our journey around the country .
he was expecting some far off country that he had never heard of , beyond the borders into the unknown , but that all this time .
she had no say in anything in this country , amongst the masterful speakers , the warriors and magicians .
they 're probably all dead now and it seemed no - one in the entire country tried to help .
he had never tasted the like anywhere else he d been in the country .
the carpenters and builders of matara were amongst some of the greatest in the country .
the heavy prenitian sorla trees , the most beautiful wood in the country , had been drawn from the earth to create the dresser , the bed , the window frames and chairs , not to mention a hundred more items and trinkets for this palace , including the books they now piled high .
a huge map lay out on the table depicting the whole country , the sacked villages and towns marked , premos armys presumed location .
that and the fact they ve marched a round trip of the country .
most would say a separate country entirely .
in fact , he d left the country of spain that very same day .
he spoke of his travels from city to city , country to country , always in search of she whom his heart belonged .
he spoke of his travels from city to city , country to country , always in search of she whom his heart belonged .
i got some big motorbike around here that was even made in some other country .
i hired this kid from the country , a real genius who fought against a very nasty government , very brave .
they were a good thing and if a man was going to get justice in this country , this was the place .
maybe its loyalty to commanding officer , maybe to yourself , maybe to being a soldier , to country or high ideals like freedom , maybe your team , your fellow soldiers , even if in your case you ve never met them .
our country was a shiny example to the whole world .
what country are we in ?
eight : this country may be a cultural crap festival , but its still a festival .
never have i ever not been out of the country .
rostov is one of the oldest towns in the country .
they saw him to the door and he hastened from that place , not sure even where or when he had been , only that he had felt a great urgency to attend to some business or other in that derelict cottage only to find himself in a stonewalled sitting room that might have lurked in a great lords keep , the two occupants were dressed strangely , as peasants might two hundred years ago in a distant country remembered now only in old tales .
erin frowned , how is it they have sought you out above all women in the country ?
she wondered if she had strayed into one of the outer provinces of a lost country of the fairyfolk .
he was not even sure where his country was , only vaguely familiar with the route back to the plateau where he was born and hoped he could locate his homeland from there , having watched his mother travel thither on a daily basis .
they turned northeast as the weather grew suddenly chill and the wind bitter , but they felt themselves very nearly there and hoped to reach that mysterious country before the first snowfall .
for two days he heedlessly ran deeper into the wildwoods on the border of his own masters grim country and that of his birth .
they sat over supper and the man thrilled them with his stories of adventure and intrigue , for he was apparently a very wealthy man and rather important in the ruling circles of his own country .
if , no , when , he found his way out , young woman in tow or not , it might be best to flee town or maybe even the whole damn country .
as anna began to take her hand to the maps of garamoush , stenn started to turn his attention to another pair of maps which happened to be of the whole country of garaheim .
i mean , unless she was from a foreign country where people do n't shake hands due to being afraid of germs or whatever .
the president of the u.s.a will officially sign over the collapsing american government to the united nations , and now our beautiful country will usher in a new era of peace and prosperity , right as we are taken out of the economic depression !
` ` sorry , sometimes i forget you 're from tornado country , '' she said .
and this is a free country .
as i said before , greg , its a free country !
already a large number of guests , almost all of them wearing glossy faces and donning glittering new clothes , were assembled there to celebrate this joyous occasion , and as is the norm in our country , most of this celebration was being done by them in front of the food and snack stalls .
in there were vignettes of the man , traveling through different countries , trekking through different terrains , some with friends , others alone , some funny like the one in which he was pretending to lift a heavy boulder , some poignant like the one where he stood teary - eyed as he stared at the vast expanse of the arabian sea in front of him , each of these pictures seemed to have some interesting story behind it , and seeing them vikram felt both fascinated as well as a little remorseful .
these are the statistics for the number of girls that have been sexually assaulted in this country over the past ten years .
as she walked down a narrow pedestrian path cut out along the edge of the mountain , she saw on one side of her the vast expanse of the surrounding hills while on the other , beyond the road were some of the buildings of the town designed in neo - gothic and tudorbethan architecture , a throwback to the british times when shimla used to be the summer capital of the country .
the servants in the manor had been told she was the daughter of rich ship builders from iosberg who came under threat from the shalabane , the land - grubbing , ever - invading country across the ocean .
and he certainly never understood that it was his own melancholy which beckoned the vampyre from the belly of some dismal ship where he had hidden seeking passage out of the country .
they name it gods country ; hyperbole , to be sure , but how can i not be flattered at that ?
in the old days , when lord parganas defended his kingdom from all enemies , it was i , along with many older elves , that fought them in this country . '
' not in this country , old friend , ' bralohi said .
' the country itself is a fortress , ' agonas said , shaking his head .
there is no country that can stand before us from the outer waste to the sea .
she bears grievance against thou , halphas , satrap of hell , and your minions , for waging war , most foul , against her country , her troops , and her personage .
it was a blizzard out there , the likes of which were unheard of in his old country .
or something entirely different thanks to a witness relocation plan or because she came from a foreign country .
i will give you lands in this new country that we are about to conquer .
if we fight for ladonea , you and i will lead the occupation of our country , and our race will survive .
according to the atlantean reports , nextear has enemies in his own country ; he thinks many tribes will not join the fight against atlantis .
leaders sit there and they say that they want to achieve these great things and be a successful and independent nation and then they turn around and allow others to weaken and destroy the very foundation upon what they need to build upon and that foundation is of course primarily to be found in the strengthening and empowering of the women and girls in their own country .
first , some people care more about debate than about finding lifesaving truths and standing up for them regardless of whether it 's truths about god for our individual salvation or truths to save our country or our families or our health or even our wealth .
` ` the core meaning behind why so many people around the world call the united states of america ' god 's country ' is because it is the only country on this planet that was specifically founded upon the principle of freedom in religious worship .
` ` the core meaning behind why so many people around the world call the united states of america ' god 's country ' is because it is the only country on this planet that was specifically founded upon the principle of freedom in religious worship .
it 's so common , that most police departments across the country especially in large metropolitan cities have an entire department dedicated to addressing the claims that come in regularly so manuel was n't taking any chances .
` ` however , if you do follow what i show you here today , then at the very least , you can save yourselves in your own philanthropic way from becoming homeless and dependent upon government money in your retirement years and in a small but no less significant way , make our country stronger and thereby make the world a better place in that way .
that catchy song - and - dance is going to cause our country and it 's citizens to catch a nasty virus of poverty that will spread faster than the black plague and ruin even more lives unless everyone learns what they have a right to learn and do whatever is in their power as individuals to do to save themselves from what is certain financial doom for all who either turn a blind eye or give up when there 's more that can be done .
if there 's any country in this world that has the greatest opportunity for financial success it 's right here in the good old u.s . of a .
something across the country .
it 's what has made this country so great that the only word to adequately describe it is ` ` miraculous '' in its proven history of entrepreneurial prosperity , hope and philanthropy .
it happens to various prisoners both males and females in prisons across the country and around the world every day .
my homeland , a kingdom called denarchia is one of the smallest countries you can find on any map .
denarchia is surrounded by empires and countries as powerful as empires , each of them countless times more powerful than my homeland and they all try to invade and conquer it .
not for queen and country , but to satisfy my own curiosity .
as his life crashes down around him , jackson is faced with a horrible choice : blind loyalty to the country he loves of informed betrayal for a woman he hardly knows .
continue moving upwards until , just before your camera reaches space , you see your entire country .
even women have a hard time ruling a country ; you can imagine what will happen the first time a dragon presides over a court of men .
some were addressed locally , some were to be sent to all corners of the country , some were thin , some were thick with tightly folded letters inside .
parcels and letters from all over the country .
a much better way to see the country .
clear across the country .
the wet spring became a stifling summer , and over the following years the messages flew to all the cardinal points of the country , messages written by the hand of an old woman in a lone cottage in a lemon orchard left fallow , messages carried by the hand of a young man whose wife was named rebecca and whose new apartment overlooked ribbons of long road that carried them on journeys to points indicated on a map in their small living room , a map dotted with red pushpins , a map placed beside a framed photograph of the young man when he was a child sitting close to his smiling mother and smiling father .
maybe someone calling from outside the country where they still use them ?
she did nt like it , but in the middle of the road for all the gods , country and nature to see , cursing every moment , she changed into a vulnerable young woman .
it was as though the entire country had been shrunk down .
you can at least tell me what country i m in .
its cooler than it sounds , because they re all in other countries .
he mentioned a land far to the south of grosmer , the country where they were currently living .
there are no enemies about to cause us problems since the country is no longer divided into separate kingdoms , and the other races such as orcs and hobgoblins do nt come near any more , the guard went on , leaning indolently against the wall of the guard house .
this is volcanic country , kimi .
chapter 30 quantissarillishon travel was slow , but soon they left the high moorland and entered into a country of rolling hills with little villages and farms studded between woods and fields .
the country is divided into a number of different areas .
in fact , anyone in the country can become a councillor , member of the government or even master .
most countries on the continent of khalram were ruled by a king or similar ruler , whatever he or she was called .
davrael then pointed out that in his country , there were many tribes , each with its own chief , and were constantly at war with one another .
admittedly , there was half of grosmer to cross before they got back to hambara , but at least they were in the right country , and the weather was sunny and warm .
we ve never become lax here like in other parts of the country .
there was no way the duke of hambara , the richest and most powerful man in the country after king gerim , would want to see her , nandala , a common whore from the poorest area of the city .
the country is self - sufficient and quite prosperous in its own right , but is also supported by various kings , lords , and wealthy benefactors who believe in its mission or have benefited from its services themselves .
the scene was common enough in the untamed wilds of the north or in the vast stretches of land unclaimed by any sovereign , but to have it happen upon the very border of a country known as the center of justice and peace in the civilized world was atrocious !
but what would make bandits so bold as to attack a merchant caravan on the borders of a civilized country where a patrol might come upon them at any moment ?
baye at last saw the sense in traveling through that awful country in the winter , at least as far as the swamps were concerned , for everything was frozen over or had died back , allowing for easy passage , where in warmer months it might have taken days to travel the distance they covered in hours .
he could pursue that wondrous light into the masters own country and vanish forever from all the pain and sorrow with which the mortal world is fraught or he could return to the world he once knew and continue as he had begun .
bayes strange words both reassured and perplexed her , the only certainty was that eventually , whatever betide , they would meet again in the masters bright country .
what of my people , my country , my father ?
baye said , i will go , but i will need to know everything you can tell me about yourself , your life , your country , and everyone in the kingdom of any import .
not likely if the country was in such a state and the lady knew nothing of it , but that was something he could discover whilst he searched for the king , if he still lived .
in the sudden chaos , the ghost vanished , never more to be seen in that country while one of the brethren propitiously appeared .
they were traveling north through sebeka : the neighboring kingdom to ithamar , a peaceful and prosperous country that welcomed strangers and their coin even more so .
the horse said , i know little of the countries of men but i shall tell you what i know of your world in general .
the kingdom of harrhein praesidium is the capital ) , galicia and fearaigh are duchies that were once separate countries .
the mountain range that runs up the spine of the country is loaded with geological wealth , and dwarves work with the people in the mining industry .
no one in the country could get away with such a crime .
auron kept the fire going in the team as the leader of the band of the fox , the most famous and feared mercenary band of burnahdujf and the south country .
that might not be the best idea , genie advised , if it was nt for the sainos dynasty , this country would not be the richest from what i understand this world to be .
anyone else on the throne might change the efforts that the sainos family applied to make this country so powerful .
the monarch cared very little about the working class and focused more on the higher class of the country .
i do nt recall anyone of your description.there are nt many mages in this country and the few good mages are trained under institutes owned by the king , keenoth clarified .
each tower had a statue of the four brothers that found the country of burnahdujf and turned it into the richest country in the world ( according to their history ) .
each tower had a statue of the four brothers that found the country of burnahdujf and turned it into the richest country in the world ( according to their history ) .
auron fox who fought in wars to defend burnahdujf from the southern country .
all i remember is that i came to this country at the age of thirteen .
this country is going to be in some abyss if richard takes the throne .
the sainos dynasty runs the country .
chapter 4 : parteh famo several days later , after collecting their reward from the king , they were in the far east of the country .
the king never bothered to expand to this side of the country for unknown reasons .
auron knew the king would never build cities on this side of the country .
last time akielas had gone for such a long time and returned from his unknown journey , he took auron out of the country to help him fight in a war with an affiliate .
when i first came to this country , all i remember was abandoning my people and escaping to new grounds away from the aggressive culture .
it happened during a war with the south country .
i assumed you had drifted to this country on a boat .
oceamus had allowed me to drift onto this country .
i fear that she lurks somewhere in this country .
she is plotting something on this country and i need your help , akielas begged , if you want your village to be safe , it is important that i find this foe as soon as possible .
if richard takes the throne , this country might as well be part of the realm of the death .
the sewers of burnahdujf will be running red , george said , richard will have the country kissing his feet as he controls the people .
the sainos family kept the country under their control .
the sainos family wanted to conquer the south country for centuries .
he knew that today he would begin to make his dreams come true and carry on the legacy of the sainos name beyond the country .
for so long these four brothers defended their country against the south and countries from beyond the sea trying to conquer our good lands .
for so long these four brothers defended their country against the south and countries from beyond the sea trying to conquer our good lands .
since the genesis of burnahdujf , the sainos family continued to rule and make this country prosperous .
once the south country belongs to us , there will be peace once again and the nightmare with the south shall end .
and now , let us crown our new king who will lead us to victory , peace , and a more powerful country .
there is no possible way that anyone in the country or the world could have found his village .
i find that hard to believe since you are the only person in this country with red hair .
the only day in the country with a gap in the law .
i am talking beyond burnahdujf and on to the southern countries , even the west continent .
i must focus my mind on the war with the south country .
if a sainos family member died out of the country , the body would be taken back home to the sainos graveyard .
my father did not teach me much about running a country peacefully , but i still remember the small lessons he gave me .
they ran the country and thought highly of themselves .
because of their notorious trait some people thought that the sainos would begin to mimic the slavery system from western countries .
the king must remain in the castle using his mind for his country .
i bet you work for the south country and are trying to fool me into sending my troops to the west continent .
no one in the country had scarlet hair like him .
auron never spoke of the country he came from or his culture .
your friends must assist barvoch in the war with the south country .
the band of the fox 's talent will be a great asset to defend this country .
i do not expect the battle with the south country to last more than a week .
the war with the south country is unavoidable , genie said .
i will go to war , spill the blood of the south country and return alive .
i will rule this country and build an even bigger empire .
i will be that king who makes this country the center of all wealth in the world .
after all , the four legendary brothers of burnahdujf built this country to be the wealthiest .
has the culture suddenly changed in this country ?
oh you wo nt find him in this country .
the sphere resembled the planet in which humans lived and all the countries .
defenders of burnahdujf gave up their blood for their country and slayed soldiers of the south .
we are at richards mercy , but what else are we supposed to do but fight for our people , rather than this country .
* * * * * * * * * * a few minutes later , oseth , genie , saron , and edd left the battle area and went to the top of a hill that allowed them to look down at the battleground and the large army of the southern country .
the southern country brought many strange creatures of great size in to battle .
the south country has such massive creatures , oseth said , still unsure of how the team would climb up the mammoth .
the southern country had some innovation .
is this the type of armor the high class men wear in the south country ?
the battle was won but the war with the south country was sure to continue .
the king of my country seeks the jewel and threatens to slaughter everyone in my village if i fail to deliver .
if i do n't , my people will be slaughtered like pigs by the armies of the king in my country .
the band of the fox are literally the best in this country .
this country lacks a power like the band of the fox has .
the one thing that this country is missing that can give us an edge over the southerners is mages .
yes , that is the problem with this country and especially with my ancestors .
the four brothers who found this country built it with the idea of wealth , power , imperialism , armies , and defeating their enemies with brute force .
the greatest that i have seen in the country .
he sent my band to war to fight against the south country hoping they die in war , led by barvoch .
if king richard wants the jewel then he does not mean well for his country .
it had been two days since they fled after they had won the battle with the southern country .
we have come to rid our country of outlaws called the band of the fox .
we are the band of the fox and king richard sent us on a mission to fight for this damn country with the south .
in case you did nt know , king sargf valued us for our efforts to rid the country of such villains .
however , according to your crime , you must die for murdering barvoch , the man who led my army to defend our country against the south .
it is monarchs like you who make the people of this country suffer .
you spill blood for coin and i am the trusty hand of the king as well as the most powerful water magus in the country .
a dynasty , a throne , and a country .
such a useless king for a pathetic country you call the north empire .
once i take you to el nido , your people will not be able to return back to this country .
everyone is pretty much scattered all over the country .
good roads b build a better country , yes , the old sage finished .
although it had once been merely a fort for daltainian soldiers , it had grown to serve as one of the jewels of the country .
i had no idea you had to pay to use a road in this country .
this is a special map that knows where you are in relation to the surrounding country .
for them she was all ... all they could handlebelievethat this was their country ; their land ; not the earththey were not global conquerors .
although one which few in america or any country truly knew about ... knew in terms of vision , organizational objectives , methods , etc .
he turning as she sweeps her arms bayside and as she sweeps , it unfolds : nephi , she states ... as if she is saying that this is his land , his domain , his country , his people.flash !
in a country called united .
and , a couple of them could have easily started an international incident one of those was narrowly avoided by well - timed tears from six - year - old me and my g - mom having a private pep talk with two agents of the moroccan government when we were visiting their country .
my football career will take me all over the country , but do nt sweat it .
the instant your cell phone was no longer operational she somehow knew , even though she is located in my country of origin .
next , she called the best private investigator in the country .
she was born out of a famously rumored affair between her father the sultan of jothar , at that time still the crown prince and her mother one of the country 's famous model and ex - beauty queen .
no matter what , i do have to show piety to my parents and country .
she was nt even born or raised in jothar , in fact , when the royal family officially acknowledged her as the sultans daughter that was the first time she ever set foot in this country .
i left our country to find a new life to get away from all that .
the newly independent country was still struggling to stabilize its post - war economy and there was not enough infrastructure and health services for everyone .
both here and in my country .
i see , paramita said , and do you want to have the wedding here or in miss dewis country ?
that s why they dragged me here to this country !
the past three years he s been visiting it every time dewi was in the country .
remember that you will be the mother of raden alis children , you will be responsible for making sure that they become future leaders for the country and for the religion .
your father owns a country , your mother is an international jet set whose shares alone is worth many times that amount .
hold back on your plan on leaving this country , about getting a divorce .
she was actually excited to see the traditional dance and music , as even though she is a jothar national and speak the language fluently , but she had only known the country and its culture for a few months .
but remember our country is small and so is our petroleum source .
yeah , you know , the kind in romance novels , a sheik or sovereign prince from an exotic desert country .
we can still cancel or to save your father 's face you can ask for a divorce after a prudent time , we 'll leave the country and go back to england . ''
` ` pangeran , you 're the future sultan , the leader of our country and the future religious leader .
ali stopped what he was doing , ` ` i ' m sorry that your father made you marry a low born social climber like me , instead of a real crown prince from a big country .
after i croak , my father will start looking for a new wife for him and it would probably be some princess from a neighboring country , fit to be the queen of jothar .
living far from her native country of indonesia has made her realize that not many people are aware of the indonesian people and culture except for a very small part of the archipelago which is bali .
travelled to many countries , by boat , plane , train .
the founder , someone by the name of plat of course , though oliver could nt remember who exactly , he had little interest in history had his reasons for placing a town in such an isolated part of the country .
the colour surrounded her hand like a glove and was dancing , flickering and sparking like the new - fangled electricity that was being demonstrated at fairs around the country by messrs . tesla and edison .
above , londoners traveled efficiently along the various tube lines , each one depositing in a different borough , while below , unbeknownst to them , a secret society had been hard had work , mining its way through to different countries , and continents for that matter .
his wife gone , his three sons sent to other countries , other duties , and all the man wolves of his court , dead or dispersed at the peak of the kings demise .
they would nt linger in this part of the country long now that the threat to their existence had been expunged .
do we really need to draw so much attention to this part of the country ?
the city is magical , to be sure , the bobbin said , but there s a place there more magic than any place in the whole country put together .
maam , the whole country could be facing the same situation that we are .
we lost half our fleet , zach said , but the king said so long dad lets the airships fly out supply and rescue missions all around the country , for as long as necessary , hell fund us back to full strength .
helika and a couple of other observant countries have already banned mum from entering the country on pain of death .
helika is an observant country , yet almost every refugee in here is reflective .
a country full of observants who do nt think reflectives belong here in the first place .
what do you want me to buy , a country ?
to look at her , you d never guess her daughter was missing in a hostile country .
domremy itself honours the gypsy more than any other country does .
it was also strange in another way ; back at pencier , the villagers had never thought of gypsies as being as different from each other as countries might be , but they were .
they said a strange new illness was sweeping the country , and that at great expense , an antidote had been developed .
and if someone told me that the my first week of lessons was the most important week of my life , i d laugh them out of the country .
indeed , that had seemed like a foregone conclusion , and the whole country had held a tense and bated breath , waiting for an excuse , any excuse and the helikans had managed to surprise them even so .
the throne serves the people and besides , peoplesmeets are sacred to domremy and to every reflective country .
the small village had belonged to no country , but had nestled and flourished as a spiritual centre in the very middle of the no - mans - land between domremy and helika .
how does she stay so how does she look so unconcerned , with her daughter almost certainly dead in another country ?
if i d rescued the princess then , maybe she would nt be lost in a different country .
if the emperor told them to wipe us off the map , the whole country would die trying and there s no point pretending otherwise .
the rest of the country is torn between wanting to rip helika to shreds for what s happening in falstead , and mourning for the princess , who everyone is pretty convinced is dead .
eryn had a way with the horses , and her breeding program was one of the best in the country .
not a beast - tongue - grandmaster - spy after all , but an orphan riding through the country of helos .
i am from liotr , in the hill country below the mountain tlikiltlikir , said sorilal .
i have spent most of my mortal life as a prisoner , traveling from kolidors country to here .
for twenty years , arcolish and his disciples toiled to raise the moral standards of their country , especially for the sake of the poor .
and she remembered saying , if the kiulin were to occupy our country , the life of us humble folk would be little worse than it already is and she remembered , being shot for refusing to fight .
an emperor mobilizes a huge force , and conquers an entire country ; but how did that force come to be his , and why did the emperor choose to use it in that way ?
imagine a council of mages , brilliant and knowledgeable , in some distant country .
foreign empires want to conquer or dominate his own ; and within his own country , others , even or especially members of his own immediate family , want to usurp his position .
goridon ( gore ih dawn ) country of origin of irgowond ( q.v . ) .
they were called suon and were used in the country of tessr as pack animals .
the broken blades stretched down from the north and continued southward , forming an isthmus between tessr and the country of caite .
caite exported corn , barley , wheat , oats and other agriculture products which were purchased from two groups within tessr , the government and the three brothers merchant company , a syndicate of merchants that spread through the country like an army of ants .
the government used gold and ores extracted from the mines of linnouse , a city in the center of tessr , to pay for the goods and then distributed them throughout the country , using much of what was considered excess to feed the poor and homeless .
the three brothers were much more efficient than the government caravans in transporting grains around the country and in much higher volumes .
xidan was from the country of caite .
like many of the other schools in noiknaer , students came from all around tessr and the southern countries to learn , but unlike many schools , the forge had competition .
you two , and your friend beoran , would have been the richest men in the country , possibly in all history .
aaron would be the strongest wizard in the town , let alone the country .
eckxio had traveled from the northern country called burnahdujf .
the sword and shield were made of rare white steel called zeustoss , said to be the steel of the realm of light in the northern country .
a lovely brunette from the northern country called burnahdujf .
it was her who taught him the sword and shield style of fighting of the northern country .
at first eckxio was afraid to open up to her since verday was always at war with the north country .
an elf from the green country and a human girl from a country of gold .
an elf from the green country and a human girl from a country of gold .
kefka took him to the north country and introduced him to her friends the dwarves .
then one dreadful night kefka 's people discovered that she was crossing the border to their enemy 's country and in love with an elf .
elves lived in the forest and their numbers were smaller while humans populated most of the country .
` ` this sword was forged by dwarves in the northern country . ''
it was given to me by the dwarves of the northern country .
as he drifted throughout the country , he defeated many swordsmen and when rumors spread about his unique magical abilities , the queen of verday wanted to recruit him for her army .
the ungifted elf is a story that takes place in the country of verday in the world of odealeous .
and her accent suggested she 'd traveled a long way to find him , probably all the way across the country .
if the country is ruined , what s it to you ?
and they , the kurds , the turks , the circassians and all the country ruined your all family , your progeny and genealogy !
we have dwelled in this country , elma .
that was how they handled things in their country .
i d have been here sooner , but the customs agents in this country work in their own time zone .
you barely know what country you re in half the time .
i do nt intend to leave this country empty handed .
i have so many enemies in the old country , i could nt walk down the street without getting spat on .
do you know , they still have horses and carts running through the streets in my home country ?
i m leaving the country for paris , or maybe greece ...
but in the old countries , said lil .
you re a disgrace to your family , and to your country .
i thought you did nt even like your old country ?
bill had had to sneak across half his country to the border after he had been deposed .
he wanted that piddly little country back , if only so that he could make every one of those ungrateful , stinking peasants who had dared form that mob against pay .
and since ill soon be ruler of my country again , one day you might even be in line for the throne .
truth is that not everyone is beautiful ; some people are downright grumpy ( l.a . still has one of the highest homicide rates in the country , which is pretty grumpy if you think about it ) ; the ocean is more grey than blue ; and the water is always cold .
` ` then there would be grounds to exile us all from this country .
they had stripped themselves of everything too awful , too hungry , to allow us to live in this new country .
i should have known better than to invite one of the most powerful clairvoyants in the country into this mess . ''
we had no more use for armies among ourselves , and to fight the humans in such a way would have meant our expulsion from this country . ''
it would break part of the treaty that allowed us into this country in the first place , '' rhys said .
it was too rapid for me to follow , but it was n't welsh and it was n't scots , gaelic , or irish , which still left several dialects , not to mention countries to go .
` ` aye , '' bucca said , ` ` because no other country would have them . ''
culturally and personally , i preferred the country , but i did n't have to have it .
like i said , teresa is one of the most powerful psychics in the country .
` ` every schoolchild in this country is taught the one thing that the sidhe were prohibited from doing when we were welcomed into this country . ''
` ` every schoolchild in this country is taught the one thing that the sidhe were prohibited from doing when we were welcomed into this country . ''
when jefferson had invited the fey into this country , he 'd also offered them land of their choice .
` ` you were the first of the fey to attend human college in this country , '' cortez said .
he thought that learning , and understanding the country we lived in , was a necessary part of the fey adapting to modern life here . ''
if either of those things happen they will be kicked out of this , the last country on earth that would have them . ''
think about if that happened in the center of this country , in the middle of our most productive farming country . ''
think about if that happened in the center of this country , in the middle of our most productive farming country . ''
they flew above us for the first time ever in this country , the night of your battle with the wild hunt . ''
it will be the greatest scandal the seelie court has had in this country . ''
father had felt that it was very important that i understand our new country .
the kelpies had been hunted and destroyed in europe before we ever came to this country .
if the courts of faerie had n't come with a sizable bribe for several different branches of government , and certain powerful individuals , we might have never made it into this country .
` ` how you guys look so young , but you remember this country before my great - great - great - grandfather took a boat here . ''
she 'd cultivated that voice by talking on the phone to other faerie terrier fanciers across the country and the world .
he had been the apple of her eye , the song in her heart , the most precious thing in her world for longer than this country had existed , and now she wanted a child that valued others above themselves .
she was in another country now , as safe as we could make her .
` ` did the goblin mound know kurag when you came to this country ? ''
` ` which is why a lot of folks in the country name their furies ? ''
that is the way of folk in the country . ''
christ , all ronnie reagan 's done is invade some new country where we did n't belong every two years .
but so was the nur al - allah in syria , and in that sad country i saw innocent jokers stoned to death in the streets .
without that plank 's passage , you 'll hardly appear to be a very effective leader for the country .
` ` hate rises like a smothering tide in this country .
he could take the money and go someplace else , another country maybe .
god 's country !
that self - confident grin that had galvanized a country .
he figured it was time to get out of the country .
the reverend made it possible for her to stay in this country . ''
jack wanted to knock ackroyd into the next country .
if he decides he 's good at that sort of work , he could enlist with the local army and defend his kin and country against whatever entity is deemed the enemy at that moment .
the noblest of us do it out of what they call duty , the desire to serve their country , their lord if they have one , or their god .
part one : shadows chapter one the boundaries of our country , sir ?
this country started going to hell when they stopped hanging folks .
we shall meet at one of the most important places in the entire country .
even in the old country , they had nearly forgotten me .
` ` this is the only country in the world , '' said wednesday , into the stillness , ` ` that worries about what it is . ''
` ` so you ' ve been to lots of other countries , then ? ''
no , in the usa , people still get the call , or some of them , and they feel themselves being called to from the transcendent void , and they respond to it by building a model out of beer bottles of somewhere they ' ve never visited , or by erecting a gigantic bat house in some part of the country that bats have traditionally declined to visit .
we ' ve lived in peace in this country for a long time .
but even for the old , when they come to this country we are very , very far away .
it has only been a week , but he feels that he is becoming heavier , rounder , softening in this country of new york .
thus , mcdonald 's , wal - mart , f. w. woolworth ( of blessed memory ) : store brands maintained and visible across the entire country .
we do all our own embalming , and it 's the finest embalming in the country , although nobody knows it but us .
` ` this country has been grand central for ten thousand years or more .
jackson , the library guy - the same one who had sworn to the truth of the kentucky fried mutant chicken creature story , who had told him the story of the black freight trains that the government uses to haul political prisoners off to secret northern californian concentration camps , moving across the country in the dead of the night - jackson had also told him that the cia used the reader 's digest as a front for their branch offices around the world .
he said that every reader 's digest office in every country was really cia .
he buys and sells stuff all over the country .
` ` it 's almost hard to believe that this is in the same country as lakeside , '' he said .
san francisco is n't in the same country as lakeside anymore than new orleans is in the same country as new york or miami is in the same country as minneapolis . ''
san francisco is n't in the same country as lakeside anymore than new orleans is in the same country as new york or miami is in the same country as minneapolis . ''
san francisco is n't in the same country as lakeside anymore than new orleans is in the same country as new york or miami is in the same country as minneapolis . ''
` ` my uncle buys and sells antiques all over the country .
look - here is a good man , good by his own lights and the lights of his friends : he is faithful and true to his wife , he adores and lavishes attention on his little children , he cares about his country , he does his job punctiliously , as best he can .
she sees the beats of the songs , the calinda beat , the bamboula beat , all the rhythms of equatorial africa spreading slowly across this midnight land until the whole country shivers and swings to the beats of the old gods whose realms she had left .
` ` it 's a big country , '' said wednesday , marshaling his thoughts .
` ` yes , it 's still god 's own country , '' said the announcer , a news reporter pronouncing the final tag line .
damn but this country is flat . ''
` ` this is not a good country for gods .
it 's not good growing country for gods .
i knew that you had been conceived , but your mother left the country .
the deaths of those who fell in war were dedicated to him - whole battlefields that had given him in the old country power and sustenance .
` ` i figured that this country is hell on my kind of folk .
a place of magic , but magic from a time before ours , the time of the old creatures , when this country was the playground of the gods .
` ` safe passage out of the country for me , petrina , webster and aaron . ''
the minute i come out of hiding , i 'll lose any hope of getting back to my sister or leaving the country with my group . ''
my people told me about him after the rias were changing everywhere across the country .
` ` true , but the point is , this has n't been as prevalent in other parts of the country , right ? ''
and three weeks ago lots of beasts shifted all over the country because of the sentient fog . ''
i would be happy to share where i ' ve been , but it 's a place hidden high in the mountains in another country that has been kept secret for more than eight hundred years .
` ` which country ? ''
the svarts want to move their entire operation to north america and bring in trolls from all over the human world to organize in one country .
quinn had a duty to family , and right now that duty called for getting lanna out of this country before viper discovered her presence .
` ` i thought this was free country . ''
` ` it is imperative that you leave this country right away , lanna .
he 'd had to explain his role as a belador the last time he 'd tracked her down in canada and had been forced to tap local belador resources to get her out of that country .
you are not an ordinary human , lanna , which means you can not stay in this country unless you register with viper or have a sponsor . ''
quinn refused to accept that with all of his resources , both human and supernatural , he could not find a way to get one teenage girl out of this country .
` ` regardless of my negotiation skills , there is nothing either of us can offer viper in exchange for their allowing you to remain in this country .
` ` the kind who has eaten dinner with isak and who told him about how to see the rias in a dangerous fog that covered parts of the country a few weeks ago .
based on the reports we got from across the country a few weeks ago , others like him have murdered families .
and if they 're plannin ' on callin ' in all kind of trolls soon , that makes me think whoever they got a deal with has the svarts believin ' viper ai n't gon na be able to protect this country soon . ''
the dwarf on the spot sometimes sees things missed by the travelling giant ranging many countries .
the vastly superior conditions for dragons here in china had forced open laurence 's unwilling eyes to the evils of their treatment in the west , but as for the admiralty 's sharing that view , at least so far as it would cost the country tuppence , he was not sanguine .
temeraire had acquired a taste for the chinese style of dragon cookery which the british quartermaster , expected only to provide freshly butchered cattle , was quite unable to satisfy , so laurence had found two chinese cooks willing to leave their country for the promise of substantial wages .
` ` we will have the devil of a time getting there without you , and you should be doing your country a service . ''
only consider the effect upon the negotiations so lately completed if you and temeraire had unceremoniously gone away in the midst of them : you would have had to sneak out of the country like thieves to begin with , and an insult of such magnitude would surely have meant war .
` ` i suppose you could drop all of europe into this country and never find it again . ''
the guards were sullen and resentful at their posts , but even so more like real soldiers to laurence 's eye than the happier conscripts he had seen idling through most of the outposts in the rest of the country ; though they had but a scattering of badly neglected muskets , their leather - wrapped sword hilts had the hard shine of long use .
they brought out an enormous text , part of the legal code which governed exports from the country , studied articles , argued amongst themselves and with tharkay , and demanded a bill of sale which laurence had never obtained in the first place ; in annoyance he exclaimed , ` ` for heaven 's sake , it is a gift for my father , not an article of trade , '' and this being translated seemed at last to mollify them .
the inspection dragged on until mid - morning , but they none of them had any desire to remain another night in the unhappy place : once the scene of joyous arrivals , caravans reaching their safe destination and others setting forth on their return journeys , it was now only the last stopping - place of exiles forced to leave the country ; a miasma of bitterness lingered .
` ` i do not believe anyone has ever suggested he likes glory less than bonaparte , but he has put his genius in service to his country and his king , and graciously accepted what rewards they chose to give him , instead of setting himself up as a tyrant . ''
against us is ranged a general who has never been defeated , at the head of a country with twice over and more the native resources of our own small british isles .
` ` i too have endured society 's whispers , and every one of my officers ; we are not in service to those small - minded creatures who like to sneer in corners , but to our country ; and that service is a better defense of our honor , in the face of petty insult , than the most violent objections we could make , '' laurence said .
the sultan received this blunt speech calmly and with no sign of anger ; he spoke himself in fluent and easy french and said mildly , ` ` peace be upon your country , and your king ; let us pray that friendship will never fail between us . ''
laurence said quietly , ` ` i am very grateful for the shelter you have given us , sir , and i would not for all the world embarrass you or your country ; i know you are at peace with the french . ''
` ` whichever way you go , you should go quickly ; i will contrive to delay my report to vienna a little , so you are out of the country before those damned politicians can think of some way they can make use of you to shame austria a little more , '' eigher said , when laurence spoke to him again , that evening .
if we do not stop him here , we will be stopping him in london this time next year ; or trying to , and half the country in flames .
this provoked another furious explosion , nearly every man in the room shouting him down and in their disagreement finding a vent for all the raw violence of their feelings , which were all that one might expect from proud men , seeing their honor and that of their country rolled in the dust , and forced to learn humility and fear at the hand of a deadly and implacable enemy , whom even now they all could feel drawing close upon their heels .
he could well imagine all the horrors of the prussian captain 's situation ; to be not only himself prevented from doing any good for his country , but the instrument of his inexpressibly valuable dragon 's imprisonment .
granby added , ` ` they ' ve lost , laurence : half their army , and half the country too ; surely there 's no sense in staying now . ''
laurence went out again rather ashamed of himself ; he was anxious for temeraire , who was not getting enough to eat , but he could hardly blame the poles for resenting the partition and occupation of their country ; it had been a shameful business , much deplored in his father 's political circles , and laurence thought perhaps the government had made some sort of formal protest , though he did not properly remember .
they had all pushed their borders out piece by piece , ignoring the cries for justice from their weaker neighbor , until at last they had met in the middle and there was no more country left in between ; small wonder that the soldiers of one of those nations should meet a cool reception now .
the french marshal murat was repeating all over the country the same trick that had worked so nicely for him at erfurt , seizing fortresses one after another with no weapon but brass cheek .
for heaven 's sake let us be gone at once ; they will have the whole country after us . ''
` ` gerry , '' laurence said , grinning , ` ` you will do me the kindness to send out every last boat you have to carry the message to the other ships ; we are bringing out the garrison , and we must get them embarked by morning , or the french will make the country too hot to hold us . ''
` ` they wanted me to do some teasers , but i was out of the country when they were shooting . ''
` ` it is when you 're in a humid tropical country and need to move fast .
she set her bag by the wall of the living room and took a deep breath , happy to be anywhere that did n't smell like a third world country .
this is his country , and someone has attacked it in a particularly horrible way .
or , she amended quickly , her country 's .
nshombo and his retinue temporarily occupied a palace built by mobutu sese seko , the longest - lasting congolese dictator , who had named the country zaire .
michael understood the arguments , or thought he did : industries were shutting their doors throughout the industrialized countries ; rapid inflation threatened the world economy ; in the u.s . and other countries , cars were being abandoned in the streets ; hundred of thousands could n't get to their jobs and thousands more were being laid off or fired every day ; the entire transportation system was under immense stress ; there was talk of a burgeoning worldwide depression .
` ` what 's with all this space stuff in the middle of cowboy country ? ''
tribal strife had wracked the country since in de pen dence .
but capturing the huge seaport would seal the conquest - strike that : liberation - of the country .
we have a pretty decent quality of cop in this country .
` ` and we 'll have nice light for running away - unless you prefer to flee through strange country in the dark . ''
let 's see ... in the past two weeks , you ' ve been infected by a demon , chased across the country , killed , become a djinn , been reborn ... '' ` ` got shot , '' i put in helpfully .
there were weather wardens aplenty roaming around the country ; the wardens association was on the verge of chaos , what with the senior leadership being dead and all hell breaking loose out here in the desert .
both were seniors , both from outside the country .
he 's been fucking with weather systems across half the country to play keep - away with you , and that ca n't go on .
` ` shadowhunter home country ? ''
for our purposes you can consider it a small country between germany and france . ''
` ` and there are a few , like isabelle and alec , who grow up away from the home country because that 's where their parents are .
` ` the past is nothing to you , not even another country as it is to the old , or a nightmare as it is to the guilty .
valentine was standing amid green grass and wildflowers , the blades waving around his feet , and clary realized that though he and they were inches away from each other , they stood in different countries .
` ` i tried to get in touch with you before i left the country , '' she said to him .
i spent half my trip across the country looking over my shoulder , expecting chance to show up demanding an explanation .
` ` guess that means the hidden owners come from a spanish - speaking country . ''
` ` he was part of an operation that smuggled girls to other countries .
though my fake passport was n't good enough to get me out of the country , it would permit me to pick up the wire transfer .
our cooked passports would pass cursory inspections for national rail travel , but if we tried to leave the country , and they scanned them , well , that would be a problem , one that required a solution , and i was working on it .
he did have a birth certificate , but without a current passport he would n't be able to leave the country .
` ` he has to get out of the country right away . ''
then stenton referred me to a local witch who could help us leave the country with our false passports .
` ` no , we ' ve often dealt with gifted who have a need to leave the country in a hurry . ''
get her out of the country and keep her safe , no matter what .
` ` you did n't mind leaving the country on a fake passport and a charm , '' i pointed out .
it was a remote and wild place , but in some ways it perfectly represented my kinship with this country .
then he was going to get that soldier out of the country and safe ... before returning to his day job of going head - to - head with devina .
the barren room was as wilted and lonely as an old man , proving that poverty , like age , was a great equalizer -- she could have been in any tenement or drug house or condemned building in any city in any country : the old pine floors had all the gloss of a sheet of sandpaper , and the ceiling had water stains in the corners that were the color of urine .
sure , you can do it -- this is a big country and all -- but you got to be careful , because there are a lot of central databases .
the original plan had been to find the guy and throw him on a plane out of the country with some resources -- just to help him along his way .
instead , i want you to come with me and let me help you get out of the country safely . ''
he was hoping to be out of the country by then .
` ` i have to leave the country because i ' ve got a better shot that way .
it 's the fucking country . ''
pretty soon there were hundreds of people in this virtual world -- with all these weapons and identities in all these cities and countries .
the birth date under his name validated the age she knew him to be , and there were a couple of notes about foreign countries he 'd been to .
it was far more likely that he 'd decided to kill whoever took him into custody and bolt out of the country free and clear .
his business might well be there , with captain rankin , who after all was the senior officer of the corps in this country .
that , at least , was very true : there was commerce to and from port jackson , but there was not a man laboring in the valley who might reasonably expect to leave this country again ; where poverty and perpetual inebriation did not bar them , the law would , and they were as trapped here as laurence had thought himself and temeraire to be .
and i swear he is none the worse by it , for i am sure no rich woman would know the first thing about how to get on in a country like this . ''
` ` but having made your own home in so distant a country as china , can you be so surprised that others might wish to see more of the world than encompassed by a single parish in devonshire , and six weeks in london ?
i do not grudge my country any service , but i am not so peripatetic as that ; and surely the delights of home must call still more to a woman 's heart . ''
he spoke cautiously but hoped otherwise : the tswana had bent their wrath against even slave ports which had never shipped a single one of their own people , at great distances from their empire ; that augured for a chance of persuading them to accept the offer which laurence privately wished to make : a general liberation throughout the country , in lieu of having all their particular kindred returned .
` ` i suppose i ought to have expected you to have seized upon a fellow whose nearest relations are on the other side of the country , '' he added to iskierka , ` ` but what is he doing here , then ? ''
` ` i had not understood they practiced slavery , in this country , '' hammond said to laurence rather anxiously , after temeraire had translated his exchange , ` ` but if it is the custom - if it is their law- '' hammond might well express such anxiety , laurence thought grimly : he could hardly name anything he would less desire than to hand a man over into bondage : whether owned by another man or a dragon scarcely made any difference .
` ` i am sure i have never seen anything like the behavior of dragons in this country , '' temeraire said , ` ` it is beyond everything ; first there is palta , calling me a bunyip of some sort , and hualpa saying we are thieves ; and now you , stealing our people- '' ` ` i did not ! ''
there were people , of course : the country was not deserted .
` ` i do not know what things can be like in your country , when hatchlings your age have already an ayllu of their own .
` ` but still , you have been very kind , and behaved much better than i would have expected when you are so young and from an uncivilized country .
` ` to be fair , '' she added , ` ` those men had no dragons with them , so plainly even in your own country they were not worthy of being taken into any dragon 's ayllu : low peasants , or even thieves or murderers , i suppose . ''
is britain a very large country ? ''
perhaps the political officer for antisuyo : you wish to travel through the jungle , do you not , to this country of brazil ? ''
` ` gold mines are not a common occurrence ; from what we saw on our journey across the australian continent i should think the country might more likely have opal mines . ''
i hope , '' he added , ` ` i am sure , captain granby , that my knowledge of your character is not mistaken : you would not refuse to undertake any singular duty , for your country , which only you could perform- '' ` ` laurence , '' granby said , calm with horror after hammond had eeled off with some excuse , ` ` that damned diplomat and my thrice - damned dragon are going to marry me off to an empress if they can do it : they are both run mad . ''
` ` of course their feelings must be consulted in the matter , captain , but if there are men who wish to make their home in such luxurious circumstances , '' hammond said , ` ` -who wish to serve their country in such a fashion - i can see no real objection .
only it seemed hard that iskierka should be permitted to take granby away from temeraire in the first place , and make him wretched , and keep him forever in this far - away country , however much gold they did seem to have lying about everywhere .
dozens , and in that uncivilized country of yours , with no dragon to look after them .
the country was not unpopulated : native tribesmen looked in on them now and again , mostly from the other side of the river , but these vanished as quickly as they came if ever laurence tried to hail them , or even if temeraire called out a few words in quechua .
even if by some method we should drive the tswana out of your country , do you imagine napoleon will give you that length of time , before he falls upon you from the west ? ''
` ` i am not going to attack the tswana to help these slave - takers , '' demane said flatly , recalling to laurence that demane 's own people had suffered similar insult at the hands of the dutch settlers of capetown , if not abduction from their native country .
` ` i ' m only surprised you did n't have to flee the country with a horde of dragons on your tails . ''
if she meant to be fickle , she might have remained in her own country ; and i dare say she will be perfectly ready , in the incan style , to accept any number of suitors , and consider them all her own without letting me off : i will count myself fortunate if i can only persuade her to remain in covert , instead of romping down the strand behind me , as i suppose she would be glad to do .
laurence was rather taken aback himself at what could only be called the effrontery of the suggestion they might virtually commandeer the potentate , particularly when that suggestion came from a source so ordinarily self - effacing : although that gong su might desire to return to his own country was no surprise if one considered it ; laurence made it five years since they had left china .
a moment more , and the sound of their passage faded as well , leaving tavi suddenly alone , in the dark , in a strange part of the country filled with enemies only too glad to kill him in as painful and horrible a fashion as possible .
abandoning death and destruction and returning to the country to nurture life was the best thing he had ever done .
the computers counting aces from all over the country ... detroit steel , big mama in chicago , haymaker in kansas city .
` ` i ' m in the country illegally .
it was a real big city out there , and a bigger country beyond it .
many people believe that gregg hartmann is the only thing that stands between this country and joker genocide . ''
the chick was in the country illegally , i know that much .
` ` some of us are just grateful for a chance to serve god and our country '' jay smiled .
men sometimes went off to fight in distant countries , and came back with tales of strangely dressed folk who spoke different languages and believed in frightful gods .
his mind was still a confused , chaotic country , full of storms and whirlpools .
we do n't get many tourists in paskinston , but our artisans ( as dad calls them ) supply a lot of tourist shops around the country .
` ` this is one of the biggest fairs in the country , '' dad says .
since the day jazz had been given her first red envelope - the same day that lucia , halfway across the country , had received one - her life had begun an uphill climb , after the downhill express she 'd taken following mccarthy 's arrest .
` ` unless they 're making a hell of a lot of gold chains and pimping up the hubcaps of half of the country , i ca n't see how they could be using everything they ' ve ordered . ''
then again , i had n't been in the country for very long .
i do n't know what angeline 's angle is , other than that she wants to sleep with rock stars , but she still has a lot of sway with the french promoters , and if we want the tour in this country to go right and for us to get paid on time , we have to play nice .
there was something very unsettling about waking up in a hotel room in a foreign country in the middle of the night .
you forget this is a communist country , love . ''
` ` the fermented vul nut drink they freeze - distil in my home country .
at the very edge of the city and country of krull was a large semicircular amphitheatre , with seating for several tens of thousands of people .
changing a whole country just to make a story work !
the fortunate country .
but probably in some cold countries people say , ' hey , those eskimos !
there were countries in foreign parts , granny had heard , where they chopped off the hands of thieves so that they would n't steal again .
you can feel it in this whole country .
' you see this country ?
should n't think there 's a ton of good soil in the whole country , either . ''
this suggested that the universe had probably been put together in a bit of a rush by an underling while the supreme being was n't looking , in the same way that boy scouts ' association minutes are done on office photocopiers all over the country .
only in one small country was the ruler elected by the people , who could remove him when ? ever they wanted - and they called him the tyrant .
i do n't think omnia 's going to be a popular country when news of last night 's work gets about . ''
then after the revolution the new ruler let me out of prison and said i could leave the country if i promised not to think of anything on the way to the border .
febrius , who 'd stationed slaves with quick reactions and carrying voices all across the country at dawn , had proved that light travelled at about the same speed as sound .
` ` have you ever heard of a country called istanzia ? ''
my country , '' said simony .
you can die for your country or your people or your family , but for a god you should live fully and busily , every day of along life . ''
and what took place was a plot not unadjacent to a play about a scottish king , which ended with verence ii becoming king of the little hilly , forested country of lancre .
in terms of difficulty , playing one tune on a musical instrument and singing a totally different one [ 20 ] was a stroll in the country by comparison .
sufficiently close examination changes the thing being observed , and what was being observed was the whole country .
the whole country was under attack , and here she was , her mind unravelling ... ` ` funny thing , '' said nanny ogg , to no one in particular , ` ` while i was sitting up there at the dancers this morning i thought , funny thing ... '' ` ` what 're you going on about now ? ''
` ` entirely the wrong sort of clothes for the country ! ''
and now it held most of the little country 's population .
the intrusive country was n't having it all its own way .
it 's not just land anymore , it 's a country .
he ran up the gangplank just before it was pulled up , and became a seaman , and died three years later when an armadillo fell on his head in a far - off country , and in all that time never said what he 'd seen .
it was raining in the small , mountainous country of llamedos .
rain was the country 's main export .
' this is bandit country ! '
sapient pearwood was very rare in the countries between the ramtops and the circle sea .
his legs were blue from the cold and his nose was red from the wind , giving him overall quite a patriotic look if you were from the right country .
' strange bloody country , ' he said .
mind you , a country that 'd wipe out a whole city to teach the other cities a lesson was a mad place .
... my companion was the great wizard [ complicated pictogram , but now that rincewind studied it he realized with a plummeting heart it had a few lines that looked like the agatean for ' wind ' ] , the most prominent and powerful wizard in the entire country ... ' ' i never said that !
if he had been a rebel the emperor would have been assassinated months ago and the country would now be aflame , except for those bits too damp to burn .
' we have overrun countries .
' some want to see you enslaved and some want you to run the country , or at least to let them run the country while telling you it 's you doing it really , ' said rincewind .
' some want to see you enslaved and some want you to run the country , or at least to let them run the country while telling you it 's you doing it really , ' said rincewind .
and , as is always the case when a dam bursts , it engulfs whole countries .
the express stage went right over the ramtops and all the way through the patchwork of little countries beyond .
but you ca n't get a .decent pint for love nor money and they put olive oil on everything and tomatoes give me a rash and there is n't what i 'd call a good hard cheese in the whole country . '
well , i ' ve questioned the very bones of the country , yea , and the deep stones and the mountains thereof . '
a wild , windy country , the sort where you might expect to find - trollsh , ' said cohen , sniffing the air .
look , this is a place like gr -- - death 's country .
in the country of the sky on top , medium dave lilywhite hauled another bag of money down the stairs .
in the soul cake duck 's country ducks can lay chocolate eggs , in the same way that death 's country is black and sombre because that 's what people believe .
some humans got excited and decided to attack the tooth fairy 's country .
it 's somewhere in the tooth fairy 's country . '
this country belongs to ankh - morpork ! '
it was , after all , the neighbouring country .
' well ... indeed ... ' ' and i believe also that many of your students are , as it turns out , from klatch and its neighbouring countries ? '
' the history of the city of leshp and its surrounding country is a little obscure .
' the records relating to the lost country date back several hundred years , my lord .
a willikins has never been found wanting when his country calls .
' ahmed is a very common name in my country . '
someone set fire to someone else 's country two hundred years ago , carrot says . '
unfortunately , this means we will be following him through his own country , with which we are at war .
' it happens often in your country , where dogs turn into nak*d women ? '
still writing , he said , ' sergeant , ur is an old country rimward of the kingdom of djelibeybi , whose occupants are a byword for bucolic stupidity .
you 'd need a policeman the size of a country .
' then you 'll concede that baron mimbledrone single - handedly beat the armies of the plum pudding country and ate their sultana ? '
so you sent a force to quell the bandits , and in order to stamp them out you had to take over their country , and soon you had another restless little vassal state to rule .
was this the army that invaded your country , ma'am ?
' a man like that could inspire a handful of broken men to conquer a country . '
you surrendered most ignobly- ' ' -but i did not- ' ' -and quite illegally waived all rights to our sovereignty of the country known as leshp- ' ' -but there is no such place . '
' do we know which country ? '
for weeks a man whose ability to find water was limited to checking if his feet were wet had survived in this oven - ready country by falling into waterholes .
' according to this note in wasport 's lives of the very dull people , ' said the senior wrangler , squinting at the tiny script , ' he met an old fisherman who said in that country the bark fell off the trees in the winter and the leaves stayed on . '
but you know how it is when you 're there on business and there 's hardly any time to see the country ... death pointed to the great spiral of clouds that turned slowly around the continent , like jackals warily circling a dying lion which looked done for but which might yet be capable of one last bite .
this was the kind of country where , if you watched a large cliff for a few hundred years , you might see a rock drop off and you 'd talk about it for ages .
everything about it said that it had got over all the more energetic geological exercises a long time ago and was a nice quiet country which , in other circumstances , a man might be at home in .
' i ' m sitting in a cave in a country where everything bites you and it never rains and i ' m talking , no offence , to a herbivore that smells of a carpet in a house where there are a lot of excitable puppies , and i ' ve suddenly got this talent for finding jam sandwiches and inexplicable fairy cakes in unexpected places , and i ' ve been shown something very odd in a picture on some old cave wall , and suddenly said kangaroo tells me time and space are all wrong and wants me to be sensible ?
' oh , some people say it 's an earthquake , some say it 's the country drying up , others say it 's a giant snake rushing through the ground , ' said scrappy .
what do you do if they spit in your eye , blow up the country ? '
this country 's got everything , mate ! '
' this is a very strange country . '
what a bloody country !
' you ' ve got this nice country here , parrots and everything , and you 're going to spoil it all by stealing someone 's sheep that they ' ve worked so hard to grow .
this building was the first one made of stone he 'd seen in this country .
it was , admittedly , the death cell , but the point was that it was perhaps the one place in this country where nothing bad was going to happen for a little while .
now you 're enjoying the healthy fresh air in a god 's own country ! '
this country agrees with me .
it was n't a bad country .
in border country the border gets crossed , and sometimes things creep into the universe that have rather more on their mind than a better life for their children and a wonderful future in the fruit - picking and domestic service industries .
the world is full of countries where one thing shapes the land and the people .
very big country . '
the history of the country of ephebe was puzzling , for example .
tick susan recognized the country of lancre from the air , a little bowl of woods and fields perched like a nest on the edge of the ramtop mountains .
strange country .
' does n't look much like a country , ' he said .
' that 's witch country , ' said lu - tze .
not all gods lived there , many of them being bound to a particular country or in the case of the smaller ones , even one tree .
` ` icy wastes , freezing nights ... good saga country . ''
one minute he was a bloodthirsty little deity in some mad hot country , and then suddenly he was one of the top gods .
said leonard , ` ` it would be a useful idea to grow forests in the shape of the name of the country , or of other areas of note .
although curving lines are acceptable in broken country . ''
dangerous beans was bad enough , but he was so busy thinking stupid thoughts about how rats could actually build their own country somewhere that maurice could deal with him .
yeah , and you could say a swift stab now was the merciful solution , because every hangman knew you could go the easy way or the hard way and there was n't one in the country that 'd let something like carcer go the easy way .
it was good thunderstorm country , up here in the ramtop mountains , a country of jagged peaks , dense forests and little river valleys so deep the daylight had no sooner reached the bottom than it was time to leave again .
and then go farther up , and farther , until the track becomes a ribbon and tiffany and her brother two little dots , and there is her country .
` ` your baron bans witches in this country , you know that , and the first thing you say to me is ' are you a witch ? '
` ` the baron owns this country , '' said the servant .
' t is an ill - fared country that 's come callin ' , mistress .
aye , ye could say he bides well where he is , in the quin 's own country .
this is a fiiine fat country and this is a fiiine bonny clan my nephews have , but i would like to die in the heather where i was borrrned .
we wasna even in the country ! ''
` ` do n't come back ... or there will be a reckoning ... . '' she concentrated , and now the stones framed nothing more - or less - than the country beyond .
it was a good way to get around , because people in the chalk country did n't trust witches .
' we should have a fine view of your country from up here . '
t do n't know , ' she mumbled , ' but i did throw the queen of the fairies out of my country . '
the novelty of this new country had taken all her attention in the past few days , but now that had drained away in the storm of laughter , and homesickness rushed to fill in the empty spaces .
' one fact everyone knows is that no female lipwigzers have ever been let out of the country .
and offer stamp designs to every city and country we can think of .
let 's have summer all year round like the hot countries do .
in your country you will honor me -or there will be a reckoning ! ''
you go back to your chalk country .
this was rich country , full of silt and rolling cabbage fields and neat little kingdoms whose boundaries wriggled like snakes as small , formal wars , marriage pacts , complex alliances and the occasional bit of sloppy cartography changed the political shape of the land .
' offler rot this country of dampness , even their demons are third - rate , not a patch on the demons we had in the old country . '
' offler rot this country of dampness , even their demons are third - rate , not a patch on the demons we had in the old country . '
' we return to klatch , ' said the husband firmly , ' where our children can grow up in a proper country , true to the glorious traditions of our ancient race and men do not need to work as waiters for wicked masters but can stand tall and proud .
then have you noticed the mist dome around the country ? '
for the same reason it had built a wall around the entire country , patrolled by the heavenly guard whose main function was to tread heavily on the fingers of any inhabitants who felt they might like to step outside for five minutes for a breath of fresh air .
to my father 's country , ' shouted ysabell , above the wind of their passage .
not anywhere in any particular set of dimensions , or country , or universe , or lifetime .
it had also drunk enough orakh to poison a small country .
' he rules this country , ' said magrat .
the reason being , the country 's full of babies and they all look the same , but i do n't reckon there 's many crowns .
hwel did n't like the ramtops , which was odd because it was traditional dwarf country and he was a dwarf .
she 'd felt the mind of a whole country ... she was rather impressed .
a country was , well , was- hold on .
' but it would be better for you if you left this country .
granny weatherwax considered herself totally unsusceptible to buttering up , but the king was expertly applying the equivalent of the dairy surplus of quite a large country .
' we saw him safe out of the country , you see , ' said granny awkwardly .
in my own country ! '
pyramids had bankrupted the country , drained it drier than ever the river did .
that is , the priests do the actual running of the country .
the following night in the dormitory one of the boys from further along the coast shyly tried to put the boy in the next bed inside a wickerwork cage he made in craft and set fire to him , and the night after that snoxall , who had the bed by the door and came from a little country out in the forests somewhere , painted himself green and asked for volunteers to have their intestines wound around a tree .
it was possibly the only steel in the country ; it was n't that djelibeybi had n't heard about iron , it was just that if copper was good enough for your great - great - great - great - grandfather , it was good enough for you .
enthusiastic soldiers with no fighting to do soon get bored and start thinking dangerous thoughts , like how much better they could run the country .
' it 's a country !
he should be looking across the fertile , pyramid - speckled valley of the djel that lay between the two countries .
a whole country just more or less vanishing ?
they ' ve got something they do it with , i think it 's called a mocracy , and it means everyone in the whole country can say who the new tyrant is .
he had n't a lot of experience of these matters , but he had a very clear feeling that kings who had n't got a kingdom any more were not likely to be very popular in neighbouring countries .
' well , yes , but- ' ' of a country which technically still exists , but is n't actually reachable by mortal man ? '
whole countries , just gone .
' but the kingdom will be just another small country , ' said dios , and to their horror the ancestors saw tears in his eyes .
` ` favourite country for dragons . ''
why had she been exiled , or had she simply followed her wildflower across the country like the insect she resembled ?
to the human media he did it so i would know my country of birth , and not just be a creature of faerie .
barinthus was pressed to the other side of the flattened door , the fight forgotten , as they did what they had trained to do for longer than america had been a country .
there 's never been a sidhe in jail in this country .
` ` said , for he died before ever we came to this country .
he was one of a handful of human wizards across the country certified for high - holy - relic disposal .
you know that better than any leader we ' ve had since we landed in this country . ''
their kind 's power legendary , even in his home country .
did they even have snow in this country ?
she did n't like having to repeat herself , and just because ren was a noble in his own bloody country , did n't mean he had any more right to ignore her than one of her mother 's subjects .
the more difficult ones losing a wing to keep them trapped in the harsh lands of a foreign country with males they loathed .
but the quintilians knew many ways to get and keep the loyalty of those whose countries they invaded and eventual y conquered .
keita lies for queen and country , but the mi - runach lie for ale and p**sy . ''
i did have a bit more knowledge of cars than most teenage females , but this was the mc-12 ... who would n't know this baby hit speeds over 200kph , or that it was created so maserati could compete in the fia gt , or that this car sold for roughly 700,000 euros - translating into seven figures in the currency of the country we were standing in .
` ` you 're not in inheritor country anymore , '' she said , tucking her knees to her chin and somehow balancing her cup on one knee .
` ` of course , he ca n't work out of a hospital - the fact he 's in a twenty - two year old body that never ages makes that impossible - but he and joseph go where they can remain undetected for the most part : war zones , disaster areas , third world countries .
hector - a council member serving with charles , a country back and a lifetime ago .
everything because of the scenery that seemed transplanted from a fairy - tale , and nothing because the one i 'd envisioned sharing the country with was n't at my side .
germany was my kind of country ; best friend to wallflowers around the world .
all alone , wandering around a foreign country . ''
he fished out the device and stared at the phone number , the country code for america first .
` ` i am afraid it is only the natural consequence , '' laurence said , ` ` of the unfortunate situation prevailing in our country , which keeps dragons so isolated in their distant coverts as to make them a point of horror . ''
` ` i wish to be clear , '' wilberforce began , ` ` that no - one could be insensible of the service which his grace has rendered his country , or begrudge him the just rewards of that service , and the respect of the common man - ` ` ` ` you might better say , the blind adoration of the common man , '' lord allendale put in , with more heavy disapproval .
they were still nearly a month 's sailing from that port , however , and the country too dangerous to risk a long overland passage .
he objected vehemently nonetheless , his voice rising in high complaint , and mrs . erasmus said , ` ` he does not like to go so far , captain : he says that country belongs to the dragons , who will come and eat us . ''
she is saying , he was a founder of the village ; he brought them to a good safe country , past the desert , where the kidnappers do not come .
the king said coldly , ` ` you were taken as a thief , and a kidnapper , in our country ; you will answer , or - ` ` and mrs . erasmus paused and said , ` ` captain , you will be flogged . ''
` ` but damn them all ; you shall have the boys , and if anyone complains of their birth , you may always declare them princes in their native country , without any fear of being proven false .
we must make for the mountains on the coast near scarborough , pass there the night , and make holland our final mark across the sea : the country there is unsettled enough i hope we need not fear immediate challenge .
laurence only withstood , as a small rock in a deluge ; and the gale past said simply , ` ` your majesty , i am a soldier , not a statesman ; and i have no great philosophy but that i love my country .
borrowing words between the two would have presented in many cases small difficulty ; but learning the other speech as a language would mean adventuring into an alien country with few familiar paths .
ducking back in , reilly pulled it together , and focused on the patient , locking stares with a man who had killed at least a dozen young women across the country .
it 's like a style of clothing or an area of the country to live in or a professional pursuit .
he 'd just power - played himself out of the best damn interior designer in the country .
visit any dead mall in this country and you 'll find evidence of tengu infestation .
in the normal order of things , izzie would have had anywhere from one to seven weeks to settle into her new country and firm .
in some cases , marks were transplanted to their new firms , then found themselves back in their home countries for training if that 's the way the schedule fell .
i probably checked it at least once an hour , which probably was racking up a huge bill while i was in another country .
it was my own idea that we hang out outside of work ... although i did n't in a million years expect that we 'd go to a hockey game and a strip club in another country .
it was a hard topic to talk about in this divided country .
it would be a country of nerds . ''
of course , like most mental hospitals in the country , only one building is still operational , with funding being cut drastically over the years .
the sky was as wide as a dome with that surreal blue that contrasted with yellow fields , just like the country 's flag .
the war was going on and though sweden was a neutral country , there was a surplus of people from norway , denmark and finland hiding out in stockholm until the war was over .
karl had his own business importing caviar to other european countries and he did quite well for himself .
suddenly that was all swept under the rug as i drank in the new country , the hot dog stands , the smell of butter and sweat , the sound of a million cars honking and jackhammers firing away .
as such , i could n't leave the country for good without saying goodbye to him and perhaps imparting some of the wisdom i had gleaned from jakob and it was regine 's i was heading to on the day i fell apart .
considering i ' m heading into one of the worst neighborhoods in the city , let alone the country , with a nutso southern girl carrying a bunch of guns , who wants to hunt down some zombies , yeah i really hope i can trust her .
such geographical knowledge as he shows ( it is not his strong point ) is of that country , while of regions outside it , north or west , he is plainly ignorant .
the forest was not far off , and away west and north were the wild hills , and the dubious marches of the mountain - country .
suddenly he noticed that the sun was setting , and felt that his supper - time was drawing near ; but he discovered that he was in a part of the country that he did not know at all and had lost his way .
and this country was not yet civilised , for the blunderbuss was not superseded : it was indeed the only kind of gun that there was , and rare at that .
and they spoke of caudimordax , tailbiter , the sword that would not be sheathed , death or victory , the glory of the yeomanry , backbone of the country , and the good of one 's fellow men , until the farmer 's head was hopelessly confused .
besides , she had seen this chrysophylax before , and remembered chasing him over field and brook in her own country , till he lay down tame in the village highstreet .
after three days they were back over the borders of their own country ; and their arrival caused such wonder and uproar as had seldom been seen between the two seas before .
the patrician prodded at the plate with the air of an explorer in a strange country .
specially down in slave country .
his dream had turned into a nightmare down there in slave country , in the hot fevered south .
` ` we started losing contact with wardens all over the country about three days ago .
one of two or three places in this country where a human might be able to reach one of the oracles . ''
` ` the furyless boy from the country who stopped an invasion . ''
already the behemoths sing in the darkness off the western coast , and the wild furies of the north country are preparing a cold winter this year .
you 're in strange country , with strange furies and hostile locals .
bernard alone in that country .
getting married was like planning a military invasion of a distant foreign country , only instead of moving soldiers and guns , you were organizing bridesmaids and bouquets .
i 'd always liked the beach house ; it had been my favorite of the warden properties in this part of the country .
` ` you could leave the country . ''
` ` while you 're traveling around the country ? ''
big , sweeping staircase to the right heading down to an echoing marble lobby - a vast expanse of patterned carpeting that cost more than the gross national product of most south american countries .
you can take the girl out of the mosh pit ... no sign of erik , the third member of the team who 'd chased me halfway across the country .
whatever country it was from was n't anyplace i ever wanted to visit , or at least eat breakfast in .
patrick finished dialing a number that was too long to be to any country on earth .
` ` we freed the slaves in this country , or did you flunk history along with your sanity test ? ''
the chinese had been breeding dragons for thousands of years before the romans had ever domesticated the wild breeds of europe ; they were violently jealous of their work , and rarely permitted even grown specimens of minor breeds to leave the country .
and you would not truly like it , fighting only for greed ; it is not the same as doing one 's duty for king and country , knowing that you are protecting england . ''
they do n't think much of king and country , you know ; praecursoris never knew a damned thing about it but where choiseul told him to go . ''
` ` no , i believe she and her husband are presently touring the lake country , '' he said , and bowed himself away , deeply grateful that she had not had the opportunity of surprising him with the news .
when i was younger , i scared my mother to death , the things i would blurt out about district 12 , about the people who rule our country , panem , from the far - off city called the capitol .
that 's true for every citizen in all twelve districts in the entire country of panem .
he tells of the history of panem , the country that rose up out of the ashes of a place that was once called north america .
at homes and community halls around the country , every television set is turned on .
maybe being the least prestigious , poorest , most ridiculed district in the country has its advantages .
might possibly even be executed , slowly and painfully while the cameras broadcast it to every screen in the country .
someone counts backward and just like that , we 're being broadcast live to the entire country .
i guess this is true , but i ca n't help feeling upset about it to the extent that i ' m afraid i might cry and then i remember everyone in the country is watching me so i just bury my face in peeta 's shirt .
by proving to the country beyond any shadow of a doubt that i love peeta mellark .
i lay out how we are all in jeopardy , how the whole country is in jeopardy because of my trick with the berries .
caesar is beside himself , the capitol audience is hysterical , shots of crowds around panem show a country besotted with happiness .
` ` maybe if the whole country puts its mind to it , we can get you married before you 're thirty . ''
and maybe it 's because of that underlying goodness that he can move a crowd - no , a country - to his side with the turn of a simple sentence .
the whole country adores katniss 's little sister .
that sent the whole country of panem into chaos .
` ` actually , the whole country just sat by and watched . ''
snow congratulates the peacekeepers on a masterful job , honors them for ridding the country of the menace called the mockingjay .
praise for the girl who survived the seam and the hunger games , then turned a country of slaves into an army of freedom fighters .
it was easy to live off this country , if you knew how .
ugly or beautiful , any one of these people could lay waste to entire countries .
` ` what if the property were the central distribution center for food in a country full of starving people ?
by now , every warden in the country might be looking out for me .
but we 're far from zuni country . ''
as a fire warden , she had to be close to work her magic - not like weather wardens , who can manage things from miles or even countries distant .
i sat tensely , answering lines and connecting up wardens with each other - it was a big coordinated response , and my little cloudburst ended up as the anchor point for six other wardens to form a true stormfront , driving down temperatures and dumping nature 's fire extinguisher at volumes rarely seen in this country .
and these bunkers around the country ?
` ` in the country .
the abortion rights people are afraid the council might throw sand in the gears of their death - machine , so they ' ve summoned susan day , this country 's most notorious proabortion advocate , to try and keep the machine running .
` ` in a country where thousands of children are sucked from the wombs of their mothers by the medical equivalent of industrial vacuum cleaners , i do n't believe anyone can guarantee anything , '' ed replied .
i think this country is full of geniuses , guys and gals so bright they make your average card - carrying mensa member look like fucko the clown .
we 're worried that susan day , one of this country 's greatest unindicted criminals , will succeed in her efforts to confuse the central issue here in derry : the murder of twelve to fourteen helpless unborn children each and every day . ''
they were followed by a hoarse , rapid coughing sound ralph could easily identify from tv news stories about civil wars in third world countries and drive - by shootings in third - world american cities : an automatic weapon set to rapid - fire .
come , look , listen , be seen ... and , most important , show your city and a whole watching country beyond it that you can not be intimidated by the charlie pickerings of the world .
` ` i point out the various accomplishments of these remarkable people because there is a new mood in this country which i find fearsome .
it 's the whole country .
` ` the largest landfill in the country .
z was one of the richest men in the country .
but now frodo often met strange dwarves of far countries , seeking refuge in the west .
' well , as for the name , bilbo very foolishly told gollum himself ; and after that it would not be difficult to discover his country , once gollum came out .
' you wo n't cut straight on foot anywhere in this country . '
' the country is rough round here , and there are bogs and all kinds of difficulties down in the marish c i know the land in these parts .
he built ( and excavated ) brandy hall , changed his name to brandybuck , and settled down to become master of what was virtually a small independent country .
they began to feel that all this country was unreal , and that they were stumbling through an ominous dream that led to no awakening .
but they would do well to start early ; for weather in that country was a thing that even tom could not be sure of for long , and it would change sometimes quicker than he could change his jacket .
but either in his dreams or out of them , he could not tell which , frodo heard a sweet singing running in his mind ; a song that seemed to come like a pale light behind a grey rain - curtain , and growing stronger to turn the veil all to glass and silver , until at last it was rolled back , and a far green country opened before him under a swift sunrise .
there was no tree nor any visible water : it was a country of grass and short springy turf , silent except for the whisper of the air over the edges of the land , and high lonely cries of strange birds .
when they caught a glimpse of the country westward the distant forest seemed to be smoking , as if the fallen rain was steaming up again from leaf and root and mould .
' i ' ve got things to do , ' he said , ' my making and my singing , my talking and my walking , and my watching of the country .
tom is not master of riders from the black land far beyond his country . '
they begged him to come at least as far as the inn and drink once more with them ; but he laughed and refused , saying : tom 's country ends here : he will not pass the borders .
they spent a miserable day in this lonely and unpleasant country .
indeed , there are many birds and beasts in this country that could see us , as we stand here , from that hill - top .
the hobbits were glad to leave the cheerless lands and the perilous road behind them ; but this new country seemed threatening and unfriendly .
they had been two days in this country when the weather turned wet .
as soon as it was light , strider took merry with him and went to survey the country from the height to the east of the pass .
i have crossed many mountains and many rivers , and trodden many plains , even into the far countries of rhun and harad where the stars are strange .
the sons of elrond , elladan and elrohir , were the last to return ; they had made a great journey , passing down the silverlode into a strange country , but of their errand they would not speak to any save to elrond .
the shire , i forebode , is not free now from peril ; and these two i had thought to send back there as messengers , to do what they could , according to the fashion of their country , to warn the people of their danger .
the spies of sauron had hitherto seldom been seen in this empty country , and the paths were little known except to the people of rivendell .
' we have reached the borders of the country that men call hollin ; many elves lived here in happier days , when eregion was its name .
much evil must befall a country before it wholly forgets the elves , if once they dwelt there . '
i have been in the country of hollin in many seasons .
' well , ' said boromir , ' when heads are at a loss bodies must serve , as we say in my country .
it is not far , but our path may be winding , for here aragorn can not guide us ; he has seldom walked in this country , and only once have i been under the west wall of moria , and that was long ago .
the morning was passing towards noon , and still the company wandered and scrambled in a barren country of red stones .
' as you go down the water , ' he said , ' you will find that the trees will fail , and you will come to a barren country .
for now the kindler , varda , the queen of the stars , from mount everwhite has uplifted her hands like clouds , and all paths are drowned deep in shadow ; and out of a grey country darkness lies on the foaming waves between us , and mist covers the jewels of calacirya for ever .
' how wide and empty and mournful all this country looks ! '
but they saw little of the country , for they journeyed mostly by night and twilight , resting by day , and lying as hidden as the land allowed .
the next day the country on either side began to change rapidly .
and we 'd been a week on the way last night , when up pops a new moon as thin as a nail - paring , as if we had never stayed no time in the elvish country .
of what tree growing in the elvish country they were made not even legolas knew ; but the wood was tough and yet strangely light .
' yet that strength has long protected you far away in your little country , though you knew it not . '
you are in my country .
and if we decide to part company , i can set you down outside my country at any point you choose .
' they are falling rather behind the world in there , i guess , ' he said ' neither this country , nor anything else outside the golden wood , is what it was when celeborn was young .
there used to be some very dangerous parts in this country .
in my own land , in the country of fangorn , where the roots are long , and the years lie thicker than the leaves in tauremornalome .
' why are there so few when you have lived in this country so long ? '
but beside them bregalad spoke gently in their own tongue , almost whispering ; and they learned that he belonged to skinbark 's people , and the country where they had lived had been ravaged .
there was a beaten way , north - westward along the foot - hills of the white mountains , and this they followed , up and down in a green country , crossing small swift streams by many fords .
it was a sad country , silent now but for the stony noise of quick waters .
i have never been in isengard , but i have journeyed in this land , and i know well the empty countries that lie between rohan and the shire .
sometimes in the silence of that barren country they fancied that they heard faint sounds behind them , a stone falling , or the imagined step of flapping feet on the rock .
' maybe you remember them putting the ropes in the boats , as we started off : in the elvish country .
' and i ' m thinking that i wo n't spend a moment longer than i need stuck up on this edge with the eyes of the dark country looking over the marshes , ' said frodo .
back a little , and round a little ' c his skinny arm waved north and east c ' and you can come on hard cold roads to the very gates of his country .
cold clammy winter still held sway in this forsaken country .
far above the rot and vapours of the world the sun was riding high and golden now in a serene country with floors of dazzling foam , but only a passing ghost of her could they see below , bleared , pale , giving no colour and no warmth .
dreadful as the dead marshes had been , and the arid moors of the noman - lands , more loathsome far was the country that the crawling day now slowly unveiled to his shrinking eyes .
you see , he has conquered all the country west of the shadowy mountains down to the river , and he holds the bridges now .
no safe places in this country , ' said gollum sulkily .
i 'll bet there 's all sorts of good things running wild in this country .
on that errand i came into this country , but it is not mine to reveal to any outside the company .
' how you have increased my sorrow , you two strange wanderers from a far country , bearing the peril of men !
a light kindled in the sky , a blaze of yellow fire behind dark barriers pippin cowered back , afraid for a moment , wondering into what dreadful country gandalf was bearing him .
' it came out of the mounds that lie on the borders of my country , ' said pippin .
they ate and drank ; and they talked now of gondor and its ways and customs , now of the shire and the strange countries that pippin had seen .
' and maybe i could do the same to you : we know some wrestling tricks in my little country .
i can tell you some tales of far countries in return . '
merry looked out in wonder upon this strange country , of which he had heard many tales upon their long road .
harding and guthlaf dunhere and deorwine , doughty grimbold , herefara and herubrand , horn and fastred , fought and fell there in a far country : in the mounds of mundburg under mould they lie with their league - fellows , lords of gondor .
neither hirluin the fair to the hills by the sea , nor forlong the old to the flowering vales ever , to arnach , to his own country returned in triumph ; nor the tall bowmen , derufin and duilin , to their dark waters , meres of morthond under mountain - shadows .
he looked about , but there seemed nowhere even for an animal to crawl into in this dismal country .
' and our place under the warm bank in captain faramir 's country , the day i saw an oliphaunt ? '
' those are periain , out of the far country of the halflings , where they are princes of great fame , it is said .
why , cousin , one of them went with only his esquire into the black country and fought with the dark lord all by himself , and set fire to his tower , if you can believe it .
' for we shall ride with you far on the road , even as far as the country of rohan .
the dunlendings fled and hid themselves , for they were afraid of elvish folk , though few indeed ever came to their country ; but the travellers did not heed them , for they were still a great company and were well provided with all that they needed ; and they went on their way at their leisure , setting up their tents when they would .
next day they went on into northern dunland , where no men now dwelt , though it was a green and pleasant country .
soon celeborn and galadriel and their folk would turn eastward , and so pass by the redhorn gate and down the dimrill stair to the silverlode and to their own country .
they themselves had become so used to warfare and to riding in well - arrayed companies that they had quite forgotten that the bright mail peeping from under their cloaks , and the helms of gondor and the mark , and the fair devices on their shields , would seem outlandish in their own country .
this was frodo and sam 's own country , and they found out now that they cared about it more than any other place in the world .
' we are not used to footpads in this country , but we know how to deal with them . '
' this country wants waking up and setting to rights , ' said the ruffian , ' and sharkey 's going to do it ; and make it hard , if you drive him to it .
but that wo n't stop us living in this fat little country where you have lazed long enough .
but two have gone off west across country . '
' this is n't your country , and you 're not wanted . '
' the thain has raised all our country , ' he said , ' and the news is going like fire all ways .
' all that country is alive with our hunters now . '
frodo dropped quietly out of all the doings of the shire , and sam was pained to notice how little honour he had in his own country .
and then it seemed to him that as in his dream in the house of bombadil , the grey rain - curtain turned all to silver glass and was rolled back , and he beheld white shores and beyond them a far green country under a swift sunrise .
ah , he was from the far countries .
you are to go to the far countries while i try and sort things out here . ''
the story said hotep - ra was a powerful wizard in a far country and he had a dragon .
but they gave little thought to sally as they set off down the river , planning their voyage south to escape the big freeze and looking forward to the warmer climes of the far countries .
cities , kingdoms , countries came and went , but the golems that their priests had baked from clay and filled with holy fire tended to go on for ever .
' the past is a dangerous country , is it not ? '
' in the old country we have a thaying , ' igor volunteered .
it hath now been outlawed in motht of the old country , too , ' said igor , rummaging in a sack .
think of a country where people were admired for running away in battle , or where a man felt proud of double - crossing all the people who had been kindest to him .
you might just as well try to imagine a country where two and two made five .
there are also occasions on which a mother 's love for her own children or a man 's love for his own country have to be suppressed or they will lead to unfairness towards other people 's children or countries .
the first is , as i said in the first chapter , that though there are differences between the moral ideas of one time or country and those of another , the differences are not really very greatcnot nearly so great as most people imaginecand you can recognise the same law running through them all : whereas mere conventions , like the rule of the road or the kind of clothes people wear , may differ to any extent .
now suppose you come to a country where you could fill a theatre by simply bringing a covered plate on to the stage and then slowly lifting the cover so as to let every one see , just before the lights went out , that it contained a mutton chop or a bit of bacon , would you not think that in that country something had gone wrong with the appetite for food ?
now suppose you come to a country where you could fill a theatre by simply bringing a covered plate on to the stage and then slowly lifting the cover so as to let every one see , just before the lights went out , that it contained a mutton chop or a bit of bacon , would you not think that in that country something had gone wrong with the appetite for food ?
one critic said that if he found a country in which such strip - tease acts with food were popular , he would conclude that the people of that country were starving .
one critic said that if he found a country in which such strip - tease acts with food were popular , he would conclude that the people of that country were starving .
but the next step would be to test our hypothesis by finding out whether , in fact , much or little food was being consumed in that country .
the longings which arise in us when we first fall in love , or first think of some foreign country , or first take up some subject that excites us , are longings which no marriage , no travel , no learning , can really satisfy .
i must keep alive in myself the desire for my true country , which i shall not find till after death ; i must never let it get snowed under or turned aside ; i must make it the main object of life to press on to that other country and to help others to do the same . '
i must keep alive in myself the desire for my true country , which i shall not find till after death ; i must never let it get snowed under or turned aside ; i must make it the main object of life to press on to that other country and to help others to do the same . '
you then tell him that in your country people use salt in all their cookery .
` ` this is your country , your majesty , '' dockson said carefully .
it was n't philen 's own posterior that would sit in it , of course ; he had no interest in running a country .
now , let 's go get my damn country back ! ''
we will all be cast out of the last country that would take us in .
whatever cold and bleak country he had originated from had left him with piss in his blood forever .
and even though many of them told me the same story over and over , it was interesting to hear the tales of past generations in legend 's run or cities and countries i 'd never visited .
` ` yes , it is , except when his job takes him out of the country . ''
it was a desolate , featureless sort of country mainly devoted to cabbage and turnip , with poor hedges and few trees .
devine started to prise up the silver paper which covered the cork with the point of a corkscrew , and then stopped to ask : ` ` how do you come to be in this benighted part of the country ? ''
a minute later he had emerged from the wood altogether ; he was standing , blinking in the light of sun and water , on the shore of a broad river , and looking out on a flat landscape of intermingled river , lake , island and promontory - the same sort of country on which his eyes had first rested in malacandra .
they are like one trying to lift himself by his own hair - or one trying to see over a whole country when he is on a level with it - like a female trying to beget young on herself . ''
the sorn told him it was sand caught up from the great northern deserts by the winds of that terrible country .
` ` in our country , '' said kanakaberaka , ` ` it is not like this .
i wish you had come to our country .
you 'd come to a country of eternal twilight , getting colder and darker every mile you went .
for a long time he never reached this lower country ; what had seemed , by comparison with the seas which he had met on his first arrival , to be calm water , always turned out to be only slightly smaller waves when he rushed down into them .
he turned and looked ' inland ' - if that is the right word - and for one instant what he saw looked very like a country .
the thing had looked , in that first glance , so like a real country that he had forgotten it was floating - an island if you like , with hills and valleys , but hills and valleys which changed places every minute so that only a cinematograph could make a contour map of it .
then he sat upright for a bit with his legs dangling over the edge among the red weeds that fringed this little country .
as his country climbed the smooth mountains of dimly lustrous water he had frequent opportunity to see that many other islands were close at hand .
it was a wonder to see some edge of vivid green or velvety crimson come creeping over the top of a wave far above him and then wait till the whole country unrolled itself down the wave 's side for him to study .
three times he waited till the shore whereon he stood became a ridge , and rose , swaying to the movement of his strange country , gesticulating .
the trees might almost have been terrestrial : planted in any southern country of our own world they would not have seemed remarkable to anyone except a trained botanist .
when they were under the trees the resemblance of an earthly country was diminished , for there is so much less light in that world that the glade which should have cast only a little shadow cast a forest gloom .
next moment they were out of sight as the country heaved up between them and him .
there 's a country over there !
it was very odd , now he came to think of it , that this country should have none of those sweet night breezes which he had met everywhere else in perelandra .
they had opened the door of a magic wardrobe and found themselves in a quite different world from ours , and in that different world they had become kings and queens in a country called narnia .
once there was a white witch and she made herself queen of the whole country .
up till now , except for nurse 's stories , he had known nothing about the history of narnia , and he was very surprised to learn that the royal family were newcomers in the country .
it is the country of aslan , the country of the waking trees and visible naiads , of fauns and satyrs , of dwarfs and giants , of the gods and the centaurs , of talking beasts .
it is the country of aslan , the country of the waking trees and visible naiads , of fauns and satyrs , of dwarfs and giants , of the gods and the centaurs , of talking beasts .
he also began to see that narnia was an unhappy country .
` ` you do n't mean you want to give the country to humans ? ''
` ` it 's not men 's country ( who should know that better than me ? )
but it 's a country for a man to be king of .
` ` squirrels are best for getting through enemy country without being caught , '' said trufflehunter .
you knew this country hundreds - it may be a thousand - years ago .
and it was said afterwards ( whether truly or not ) that those particular little boys were never seen again , but that there were a lot of very fine little pigs in that part of the country which had never been there before .
next day messengers ( who were chiefly squirrels and birds ) were sent all over the country with a proclamation to the scattered telmarines - including , of course , the prisoners in beruna .
but most of the older men , especially those who had been important under miraz , were sulky and had no wish to live in a country where they could not rule the roost .
i will send you all to your own country , which i know and you do not . ''
even if the entire force was with you , sir , we could n't fight a country full of canim and win - but we do have strength enough to take and hold this port for a time , if we must .
there were strung - together noises that might have been intended to be notes , put together as one might draw a map of a country that one had never seen .
in that instant she knew what it must feel like to cross a river into a foreign country , and then set fire to the bridge behind you , and stand on the riverbank , watching and breathing deeply as your only chance of retreat went up in smoke .
they had no responsibilities , no need to work - not in this country , anyhow - all food was provided for them , plus a place to sleep , and they did n't even have to worry about heaven or hell when the ride was over .
that was where the dream had crossed the line from the merely unsettling into real nightmare country .
he 'd chased her damned near halfway across the country , and then he 'd chased her into another world , or a dream , or some damned thing , but now she was all out of running room .
the moon - dog said he had roamed all over the white side of the moon and knew it all by heart ( he was very apt to exaggerate ) , but eventually he had to admit that the country seemed a bit strange .
so you moved to another country ?
` ` i 'd rather flash my ass to the entire country than have another photographer break his arm falling off the roof . ''
` ` and if the goblins go to war on american soil , you will be cast out , not just from faerie , but from the last country that will tolerate you . ''
` ` we were not in the country when the great famine hit , but if we had still possessed the cauldron i would have strapped it to my back and swum to ireland . ''
` ` we will take another plane to another country , far from the king and his powers . ''
we 're kind of spread out around the country .
` ` this country is so in love with itself , '' he complained , sipping sake .
` ` well , unless these children are capable of breaking the rules of time and space , none of them would know there 's a santa here , in lake forest park , or in any of the other thousands of malls in this country . ''
dr . mason was a baby doctor , and one of the best in the state , maybe in the country .
i 'd known that the doors were old , but i had n't realized that they were one of the ancient relics brought here from the old country .
` ` but if the seelie dare to attack human police , it is a breach of the treaty they signed when they first came to this country .
my father once said that as a ruler shapes a country , so the people of a country shape a ruler .
my father once said that as a ruler shapes a country , so the people of a country shape a ruler .
` ` i can not change winter to summer , or transport us to a different country . ''
` ` what do you mean , ' a different country ' ? ''
it was one thing to kill in battle , fighting for one 's country , chieftain , or king .
and enough weapons to defend a small country scattered on the floor by the bed .
olivia had moved to a new country and begun a new life , simply to find parental love .
think how it is going to mobilise all the talent of the country : and not only scientific talent in the narrower sense .
` ` all you 'll do is to help to ruin this country , and perhaps the human race .
do you suppose i do n't know that you have control of every paper in the country except one ?
the country will be quite unrecognisable to him , even by daylight . ''
` ` you might find the country much changed , '' said ransom .
his novels had first raised him to fame and affluence ; later , as editor of the weekly called we want to know , he had become such a power in the country that his name was really necessary to the n.i.c.e .
there was a moment in the sixth century when something that is always trying to break through into this country nearly succeeded .
dor - cuarthol ' land of bow and helm ' , name given to the country defended by turin and beleg from their lair on amon randucirc ; dh .
but brodda took aerin as a wife and not a slave , for there were few women amongst his own following , and none to compare with the daughters of the edain ; and he hoped to make himself a lordship in that country , and have an heir to hold it after him .
and at once he led them away out of that country .
' soon the orcs will come ravening in this country in strength too great for you to withstand , ' he said .
then she would question him about the edain , of whom she had seen few and seldom , and about his country and his kin .
it was whispered among us that they were summoned by the lord turin ; for we did not doubt that he had grown great in the years , a king or a lord in some south country .
for the lands between were then free of evil for a while , because of the prowess of the blacksword of the south country , it is said ; but that is now ended .
thus it was that with the full day they set forth , and passed slowly and warily out of the country of reeds and low willows , and came to the grey woods that covered much of the southern plain before nargothrond .
that night , over dinner , she asked her mother and father if there was anyone in the country before the romans came .
the old roman 's hair was pale in the moonlight , and he wore the toga in which he had been buried , with , beneath it , a thick woolen vest and leggings because this was a cold country at the edge of the world , and the only place colder was caledonia to the north , where the men were more animal than human and covered in orange fur , and were too savage even to be conquered by the romans , so would soon be walled off in their perpetual winter .
and of course they were talking about narnia , which was the name of their own private and secret country .
most of us , i suppose , have a secret country but for most of us it is only an imaginary country .
most of us , i suppose , have a secret country but for most of us it is only an imaginary country .
` ` but do you think , '' said lucy , ` ` aslan 's country would be that sort of country - i mean , the sort you could ever sail to ? ''
` ` but do you think , '' said lucy , ` ` aslan 's country would be that sort of country - i mean , the sort you could ever sail to ? ''
` ` in a civilized country like where i come from , '' said eustace , ` ` the ships are so big that when you 're inside you would n't know you were at sea at all . ''
he would n't like to be left behind in this country .
and it may be aslan 's country we are sailing to . ''
they thought that either it had been made for a child or else that the people of that country had been dwarfs .
` ` by your leave , sire , '' said drinian , ` ` we will try to get under the lee of that country by rowing and lie in harbour , maybe till this is over . ''
in the morning they found themselves in the green bay of a rugged , lonely - looking country which sloped up to a rocky summit .
it was a very different country from any they had yet seen .
` ` i do believe we ' ve come to a civilized country at last . ''
for it had taken everyone just that halfminute to remember certain dreams they had had - dreams that make you afraid of going to sleep again - and to realize what it would mean to land on a country where dreams come true .
it came slowly nearer and the light behind them made it look as if the capes and headlands of this new country were all on fire .
but presently they were sailing along its coast and its western cape now rose up astern of them , black against the red sky and sharp as if it was cut out of cardboard , and then they could see better what this country was like .
all the time that they remained in this country the sound of the long breakers was in their ears .
and when i can swim no longer , if i have not reached aslan 's country , or shot over the edge of the world in some vast cataract , i shall sink with my nose to the sunrise and peepiceek will be head of the talking mice in narnia . ''
chapter fifteen the wonders of the last sea very soon after they had left ramandu 's country they began to feel that they had already sailed beyond the world .
they were sailing above an open park - like country , dotted with little groves of brightlycoloured vegetation .
` ` we 'll have men falling in love with a seawoman , or falling in love with the under - sea country itself , and jumping overboard .
` ` aslan 's country perhaps , '' said the mouse , its eyes shining .
no one in that boat doubted chat they were seeing beyond the end of the world into aslan 's country .
but my belief is that he came safe to aslan 's country and is alive there to this day .
` ` please , lamb , '' said lucy , ` ` is this the way to aslan 's country ? ''
` ` for you the door into aslan 's country is from your own world . ''
` ` is there a way into aslan 's country from our world too ? ''
` ` there is a way into my country from all the worlds , '' said the lamb ; but as he spoke his snowy white flushed into tawny gold and his size changed and he was aslan himself , towering above them and scattering light from his mane .
* ( 17 ) but melian laughed not , nor said aught thereto ; for in many things was she wise and forewise -- yet nonetheless it was a thing unthought in a mad dream that any elf , still less a maiden , the daughter of that king who had longest defied melko , should fare alone even to the borders of that sorrowful country amid which lies angband and the hells of iron .
the name luthany , of a country , occurs five times in francis thompson 's poem the mistress of vision .
everything she knew verified that her people , on her mother 's side in any case , had sprung from this gorgeous part of the world , this magical part of this magical country .
likely the wrong country . ''
15 it was the country of her blood , and as she watched it rise and fall and spread outside the truck window , iona understood it was the country of her heart .
15 it was the country of her blood , and as she watched it rise and fall and spread outside the truck window , iona understood it was the country of her heart .
the rope by which the great blocks of taxes are attached to any citizenry is simple loyalty - loyalty to king , to country , to government .
at first they had passed through hobbit - lands , a wild respectable country inhabited by decent folk , with good roads , an inn or two , and now and then a dwarf or a farmer ambling by on business .
far , far away in the west , where things were blue and faint , bilbo knew there lay his own country of safe and comfortable things , and his little hobbit - hole .
but we are not at the point to which our pass would have brought us ; we are too far to the north , and have some awkward country ahead .
we were crossing by the high pass that should have brought us to the road that lies to the south of your country , when we were attacked by the evil goblins - as i was about to tell you . ''
as all things come to an end , even this story , a day came at last when they were in sight of the country where bilbo had been born and bred , where the shapes of the land and of the trees were as well known to him as his hands and toes .
at length after long debate feanor prevailed , and the greater part of the noldor there assembled he set aflame with the desire of new things and strange countries .
now in his wide realm many elves wandered free in the wild , or dwelt at peace in small kindreds far sundered ; and only about menegroth in the midst of the land , and along the falas in the country of the mariners , were there numerous peoples .
but the noldor being again united set a watch upon the borders of dor daedeloth , and angband was beleaguered from west , and south , and east ; and they sent forth messengers far and wide to explore the countries of beleriand , and to treat with the people that dwelt there .
they were clad in green in spring and summer , and the sound of their singing could be heard even across the waters of gelion ; wherefore the noldor named that country lindon , the land of music , and the mountains beyond they named ered lindon , for they first saw them from ossiriand .
but when after a year had passed felagund wished to return to his own country , beor begged leave to come with him ; and he remained in the service of the king of nargothrond while his life lasted .
first came the haladin ; but meeting the unfriendship of the green - elves they turned north and dwelt in thargelion , in the country of caranthir son of feanor ; there for a time they had peace , and the people of caranthir paid little heed to them .
but in dorthonion the lordship of the people of beor and the country of ladros was given to boromir , son of boron , who was the grandson of beor the old .
the eldar afterwards called that country dor firn - i - guinar , the land of the dead that live ; and there was born dior aranel the beautiful , who was after known as dior eluchil , which is thingol 's heir .
then the dwarves raised up the body of azaghal and bore it away ; and with slow steps they walked behind singing a dirge in deep voices , as it were a funeral pomp in their country , and gave no heed more to their foes ; and none dared to stay them .
then they went up out of the sea and found a country fair and fruitful , and they were glad .
that country had of old been named lindon by the noldor , and this name it bore thereafter ; and many of the eldar still dwelt there , lingering , unwilling yet to forsake beleriand where they had fought and laboured long .
he came in secret , as has been told , to his ancient kingdom of mordor beyond the ephel duath , the mountains of shadow , and that country marched with gondor upon the east .
there it dwelt , until even in the year of the assault upon dol guldur it was found again , by a wayfarer , fleeing into the depths of the earth from the pursuit of the orcs , and passed into a far distant country , even to the land of the periannath , the little people , the halflings , who dwelt in the west of eriador .
pin had occasionally wondered what had happened to the man to make him as angry as that , but to tulip the past was another country with very , very well - guarded borders .
roland knew a lot of shamans , all around the country .
` ` by god , laurence ; if you imagine you can stand here in the middle of whitehall and mutiny , you are wrong ; i think perhaps you are forgetting that your first duty is to your country and your king , not to this dragon of yours . ''
` ` we can not be turning up our noses at foreign customs when we are coming to their country , hat in hand , '' hammond said , earnestly , leaning forward .
that they could speak so casually of the seizure of british ships and property - the forced servitude of british seamen to a foreign throne - for a moment almost he convinced himself he had misunderstood : every newspaper in the country would have been shrieking of such an incident ; government would surely have made a formal protest .
his loss must grieve all those who shared in the privilege of his acquaintance , and none more so than those honoured to serve alongside him , and to see in him already formed the noble character of a wise and courageous officer and a loyal servant of his country and king .
` ` only in the desert can one find so desolate and uninteresting a view , '' yongxing said abruptly ; as laurence had been on the point of offering a polite remark about the beauty of the scene , he was left dumb and baffled , and still more so when yongxing added , ` ` you british are forever sailing off to some new place ; are you so discontented with your own country ? ''
riley 's father had plantations in the west indies , and several hundred slaves to work them , while laurence 's own father was a firm supporter of wilberforce and clarkson , and had made several very cutting speeches in the lords against the trade , on one occasion even mentioning riley 's father by name in a list of slave - holding gentlemen who , as he had mildly put it , ` ` disgrace the name of christian , and blight the character and reputation of their country . ''
yet in your country , he is treated like an animal , exposed to all the dangers of war .
` ` sir , '' he said , after a moment , ` ` your accusations of ill - treatment i must dispute ; and the dangers of war are the common hazard of those who take service for their country .
perhaps the hopes of your family will be disappointed ; and you were given a great reward for bringing him to your country , which may now be confiscated .
` ` that you may separate us by force , in your own country , i have no doubt , '' laurence said .
` ` for which i might consider myself as owing you some apology , sir , if you yourself had not so often insulted myself and my own country , or shown respect for any customs other than your own , '' laurence said .
` ` from your small island you come to our country , and out of kindness you are allowed to buy our tea and silk and porcelain , which you so passionately desire .
` ` my first care is for our country , and not for any one man or dragon , as yours ought to be if you had any proper sense of duty - ` ` ` ` that is quite enough , gentlemen , '' laurence cut in .
` ` there are some two hundred millions of people in the country , by our latest intelligence , '' hammond said absently , himself busy taking down notes in a journal ; laurence shook his head at the appalling number , more than ten times the size of england 's population .
and of course the real immensity of the country : they traveled from morning to night , with only an hour 's pause for dinner each day at noon , and the days were long .
` ` i begin to think hammond was right , john ; and it was all old - maid flutters and imagination , '' he said , unhappily ; it seemed to him , after the long day 's tour , that the prince hardly needed to stoop to murder , with the many advantages of his country to serve as gentler and no less persuasive arguments .
` ` if we were to kill one , it could easily be used as a pretext for taking offense , and casting us out of the country ; you must see we ought to leave at once . ''
but i never heard him complain ; and i never heard him boast ( as all the other foreign slaves did ) about the great man he had been in his own country .
he wanted to know everything about our country and language and ancestors and gods , and even our plants and flowers .
and your counsel is that i should throw my crown over the roof , sell my country to phars , and get my throat cut .
- my country , the place where i ought to have been born .
i found my mood changed as soon as we had left ungit behind , partly because we were now going into country i had never known , and partly because i felt as if the air were sweeter as we got away from all that holiness .
beyond the tree , it 's all gods ' country , they say . ''
so things went on till the midwinter , which is a great feast in our country .
i supposed ( and indeed one or two confessed as much to me afterwards when i came to know them ) they thought argan would soon have me disarmed , but that my mad challenge was as good a way as any of getting him and trunia both out of our country .
this was a country of forests greater than i had yet seen and rushing rivers , with great plenty of birds , deer , and other game .
the air of that country was sweet as music . )
and i longed for the water of death ; for however bitter it was , it must surely be cold , coming from the sunless country .
i looked up at the sky and was nearly blinded , for the sun was still straight above my head ; i had come , it seemed , into that country where the day never passes .
i stood up then ; all wet with a kind of tears that do not flow in this country .
` ` this is a large country , and it stands to reason there ought to be something more worth eating if we looked .
` ` laurence does not want any other dragon , as he has me , '' temeraire had said , ` ` and as for kidnapping , i would like to know whose notion it was to take the eggs halfway across the world on the ocean , with storms and sea - serpents everywhere , and to this odd place that is not even a proper country , with no dragons ; it was certainly not mine . ''
so riley did not order out the boats for rowing , or even try to spread a little more sail ; he let the men mostly hang along the rail , looking at the new country before them while the allegiance stately glided among the smaller shipping like a great finwhale among clouds of bait - fish .
but the first sight of the colony had already shocked him very much : in this beautiful and lush country , to find such a general sense of malaise and disorder , women and men staggering - drunk in the streets even before the sun had set , and for most of the inhabitants thin ramshackle huts and tents the only shelters .
laurence had understood that the convicts were generally given sentences of labor , which being accomplished without further instance of disorder yielded their emancipation and the right to a grant of land : a thoughtful design envisioned by the first governor , intended to render them and the country both settled .
without prospects or connections to make them either interested in their future or ashamed of their behavior , and trapped in a country that was a prison which needed no walls , the convicts were easily bribed to both labor and their own pacification with cheap rum , brought in at a handsome profit by the soldiers , and in such a way those who ought to have enforced order instead contributed to its decay , with no care for the disorder and self - destruction they thus engendered .
this is a country for a determined man , mr . laurence .
this is a fine country . ''
` ` i would have been glad of a wombat or a dozen often enough , myself , '' macarthur said , ` ` but it is true we do not have proper game in this country , i am sorry to say i know from experience : too lean by half ; you can not keep up to fighting - weight on it , and there is not enough grazing yet for cattle .
but it seems as though this would be perfectly good country for them : it is certainly as hot as ever it was in africa , where they raised them .
` ` i was speaking last night , i think , '' he said , ` ` of what a man can make of himself , in this country ; it is a subject dear to my heart , and i hope i did not ramble on it too long .
it is a hard thing , you will understand , mr . laurence , to see a country like this : begging for hands , for the plowshare and the till , and no - one to work it but an army of the worst slackabouts born of woman lying about , complaining if they are given less than their day 's half - gallon of rum , and they would take it at ten in the morning , if they could get it .
whatever has been built in this country , we ha'e built it , and to have a - perhaps i had better hold my tongue ; i think you have been shipmates with governor bligh ? ''
we might even build some roads as wide as in china , and put the pavilions directly in the town ; just like a properly civilized country . ''
he was conscious that macarthur 's establishment made a powerful argument in support of his claim to have made something of himself , and in an isolate and difficult country to have carried forward the banner of civilization : uniting all the taste and respectability which was absent from the sad and rackety condition of the town .
` ` dead , of the plague and of the pox , '' o'dea said , when laurence had observed as much to tharkay , wondering why the country should have been abandoned : o'dea was an older convict , and a man grown grizzled and sodden through hard years , though not uneducated .
but few in number , and here stood the markings for evidence that this country had once been peopled , enough to bring men to this isolate place - not only once but often , for the most recent marks were layered upon older - and now was deserted .
` ` it 's cursed country , '' jack telly announced loud and sourly , over the disheartened groans and objections of the other convicts as lieutenant blincoln made a desultory effort to marshal them for loading , ` ` and i do n't see why there is any call for a road into it ; if we ai n't all to be found like dried - up husks ten years hence we had better be going back to town .
his condition silenced the noisiest complaints , from respect , but a low muttering grew as they went back aboard : it seemed fresh proof of the hostility of the country which surrounded them .
laurence did not care for superstition ; he did not yield to it now , but he felt it not unreasonable to be conscious of how ill - fitted they were to be in this country , a lack of understanding and of place .
part ii chapter 7 ` ` my dear , '' laurence said , keeping his hand on temeraire 's forearm by way of both comfort and urging restraint , ` ` we can not be haring into the countryside unguided : aloft you can not follow a trail , and with the quantity of timber in this country even the most unhandy thief can evade you for the price of hiding concealed the day , and traveling at night . ''
` ` i do not care to be discouraging , '' tharkay said to laurence , ` ` but they seem to know this country uncommonly well .
this is not a kind country , and i can not think very much of abandoning a man in it . ''
while they ate , to temeraire 's great dismay o'dea said , quite loudly , ` ` i expect we wo n't find them at all , now we ' ve left jack telly behind to starve and die , food for dogs in a strange country .
` ` there you have it , '' o'dea said to the others with ghoulish relish , ` ` a godforsaken place : we will see a horde of them fly out of the west , any morning now , coming to devour us ; and then we will go down to old nick 's country in the end . ''
` ` it is a godforsaken country ; i do n't suppose anyone can live here comfortably .
a smugglers ' trail , which should by necessity come to a definite conclusion in some fixed harbor , was one thing ; but the natives might go anywhere at all in their own country , and in circles if they wished .
` ` i do n't say they have any reason to love us , but they ca n't ever have seen a dragon before we landed in this country , and if you should tell me that a first glimpse of temeraire , or iskierka , or even caesar , should make a man want to hatch a beast out for himself , i call it mad . ''
although this was not a country , he rather thought , looking around the barren landscape , which should easily sustain and conceal an empire so large as the lush heart of africa had concealed that of the tswana ; still he was not inclined to again make so dangerous an assumption .
` ` with as little game as this country looks likely to hold , from this day 's flight , '' laurence said , ` ` if we must penetrate into it for any distance , that must argue rather for her departure , than her remaining : the two of you can not as easily be fed as one in covering the same ground .
the egg is only bait to lure us on deeper into their country , so they can kill us all .
` ` this is a strange country , '' laurence said , low and puzzled , and came to swing himself aboard .
no , i ca n't tell you exactly where ; this country all looks the same to me .
temeraire thought perhaps laurence had fallen asleep , but then he said , softly , ` ` i had not quite felt the vastness of this country , until we had come into it all this way , nor its strangeness . ''
` ` i must be anxious for the sake of our country , '' laurence said , ` ` and our friends left behind ; it is difficult to know them in dire straits , and feel we might be of more use elsewhere , and yet remain helpless to assist .
` ` you may consider , '' dorset said , peering over , ` ` that it is in their nature to hunt from their burrows , and the consequence of our own venturing into a country we do not know ; and after all , you are eating the game on which they depend for sustenance .
that is no feral beast ; that 's breeding , if you please , and i should like to know what they have bred her out of , when we have n't seen a single other dragon anywhere in this country . ''
` ` i do n't know how much of the country we have claimed ; or where we are , for that matter . ''
however , in one respect temeraire did have to blush for laurence , and for himself : there was no possible consolation for the appearance which laurence would have to present at the coming dinner , the most particular and notable occasion they had met in this whole country since arriving .
to cap his satisfaction and his feelings of deepest good - will , tharunka said , when it was nearly ready , ` ` temeraire , the larrakia have considered the circumstances , and believe that according to the law , it was not quite proper for the wiradjuri to take my egg from you , even though you were in their country , as i am not anything which one would hunt .
` ` i wonder how this gentleman will like it , '' robaldo said , having gathered that wright did not perhaps feel the full degree of sympathy which he felt appropriate , ` ` when these african monsters have worked their way up the coast , and begun to pillage his cities : there is no shortage of slaves in his country . ''
they were crowded , though , and at first they were distracted by a little squabbling among the little dragons : caesar was still the largest of those three , but kulingile had eaten nearly four times as much last night , with all that caesar had been able to do , and was not so very far off ; and tharunka , who of course was still very small , had the very reasonable contention that as this was in her country , the pavilion was more nearly hers than anyone else 's , and so she ought have the best place .
` ` perhaps i ought to have one made for granby , '' iskierka said - showing away , temeraire thought with some superiority , out of jealousy over laurence 's robes ; it certainly could not compare in beauty , although as a practical matter , it might not be a bad notion ; but it did not seem as though it was ever cold in this country .
` ` it is ours : it is part of the payment for using larrakia country , '' tharunka explained , looking up .
temeraire privately felt that it seemed a little unreasonable for a country as small as britain to want to rule an ocean halfway around the world , and to complain if china , which was much larger and nearer anyway , wished to only have some sea - serpents coming by , with splendid things which people wanted to buy .
i am all the more happy to hear of your safe arrival in this part of the world , as i have suffered great consternation upon hearing of the recent upheaval in the country of england , from your friend mr . hammond .
this was a wholesale misunderstanding of the original intention of the chinese in sending temeraire 's egg to napoleon , which had been done for purely interior purposes and merely to avert a question of succession ; and even more so lien 's presence amongst the french : she had fled the country an exile , suspected in treachery against the crown prince , and had gone to napoleon seeking only revenge .
jia zhen might of course have felt a similar sense of outrage when rankin presented to him the demands for surrender , through temeraire 's dubious translation , to which temeraire added as commentary , ` ` i do not see how this is reasonable : after all , it is stuff for the regent to say we have claimed the country , when the larrakia are right here and have been for ages and ages .
iskierka snorted , disdainful , ` ` as if anyone would wish to stay in this wretched country , where there is nothing fine to eat , and the only battles one can get , one is covered in stinking fish .
tell him your country fought a war so you would n't have to answer to kings and queens . ''
' uberwald is a wild country for a man to travel in , ' he said , ' even a holy man .
she would find a way to send food , perhaps use her troops to secure a safe area for them to homestead - and in doing so , acquire a piece of this country for herself .
` ` this country boils like water spilled on a hearthstone .
her group , from caem - lyn , had met up with rhuarc as he was traveling from bandar eban to meet with rand al'thor in the western part of the country .
this country is like an entire kingdom of children , and we are too few adults to bring them to obedience .
that was where he had last seen rand , though his visions of the man made it seem he was n't in either country .
he wanted out of this hangman 's noose of a country .
rand certainly was effective at subduing countries , but his kingdoms needed more than just handouts of grain .
` ` too many of the domani bloodborn are hiding , scattered through the country .
this was true even when those outlanders were from another country he had conquered .
the slender taraboner woman seemed to take no thought for the fact that she was delivering a potentially world - changing weapon to the queen of a foreign country ; all aludra seemed to want was a way to get back at the seanchan , or so mat had explained .
i could lose the two rivers to another country that way . ''
the estates she 'd seized from the three prisoners were among the most enviable in her country .
one could sooner take away an aiel 's spears than cut the craftiness out of the cairhienin , but perhaps she could teach them a greater loyalty to country and throne .
the entire country was said to be aflame .
even elayne had gobbled up another country when the opportunity presented itself .
` ` it forbids country from attacking country , and it requires the opening of a great school in each capital - fully funded and with doors open to those who wish to learn '' .
` ` it forbids country from attacking country , and it requires the opening of a great school in each capital - fully funded and with doors open to those who wish to learn '' .
` ` attack another land , or enter into a minor armed border dispute , and the other nations of the world have an obligation to defend the country attacked .
` ` or what if some people from our country do be living across the border ? ''
` ` as i understand , it 's not your country , gregorin .
i will try to persuade them to release the lands they hold and return to their own country '' .
` ` my mother fights for our country '' , he said , ` ` but it is a fight of vengeance and redemption .
` ` the prince is right that the country is beyond rescue , but we can not simply let the trollocs pour out into other lands '' .
though they lacked greenery - like most places in the world now - their peaceful serenity gave no hint that the country beyond them burned .
being driven from country after country , suffering starvation as the land died , then finally coming to rest in the lands of the seanchan ... such had been their life .
being driven from country after country , suffering starvation as the land died , then finally coming to rest in the lands of the seanchan ... such had been their life .
` ` i 'd feel like i needed to bloody move to another country '' , birgitte snapped , loosing another arrow , ` ` one where the monarchs do n't have pudding for brains '' .
from there , they 'd spread out across the country , splitting , creating new packs as the old ones grew too large or fighting led a group to strike out on their own .
jax and bec 's pack had been in the philadelphia area for well over two hundred years , before this country even existed .
we had n't bonded , back when she had been chasing me across the country .
it could be shirl and erik , who had come after me during my first hellride across the country , when i 'd been heading for what i thought was a safe haven , and star .
i was seriously considering grabbing david 's bottle and my sister , and fleeing the country .
the women and the children were all gathered around bruria and riba , and they talked on and on of the many things that had happened in the country .
' when i was in my own country !
or is this country lawless as the brigands who live in the hills ?
the fires gave the word that the men were returning to their homes all over the country .
` ` the whole country round came to the balls here .
` ` i think they , ve been in every rehab in the country , '' she said , ` ` and a few overseas as well .
the next sentence read , ` ` you know nideck , the finest baronial castle in the country , a grand monument of the glory of our forefathers . ''
he thought of vast cities like cairo and bangkok and bogota , and of vast countries with endless tracts of land and forest .
i suspect the police will discover their sausalito rehabilitation center was a front , that they had a plane waiting to take stuart and reuben out of the country . ''
` ` then you never left the country after our meeting at the law offices , '' said reuben .
we may finally have a real chance to cripple the covens across the country . ''
problem was , it took time to collect and process dna samples from all the arcane criminals in the country .
the lot sat next to some abandoned train rails that used to carry steel from babylon 's mills to the rest of the country .
the guy was smuggling weapons , young girls , and rare rain - forest flowers into the country .
all the illegals who 'd survived the accident had run , and disappearing in a new country would have been harder with a newborn .
all the way across the country ?
or south african diamond mines , where laborers are regularly worked to death , or all the countries with unchecked human trafficking , and of course , the countless sweat shops around the world . ''
allie had taken the revelation really well , but the girl owen told flipped and moved across the country to get away from him .
` ` flying halfway across the country takes a while . ''
i 'd contented myself with the idea that casey was halfway across the country .
how is it possible to lose contact with an entire country ? ''
` ` because surely , surely , marcus , you would n't offhandedly dismiss a potential juror - particularly one sent by one of the more powerful archdemons in the country .
ed liked to talk in front of company about the architecture of our country , and the way it was written in railroads and highways : pistons moving forward , spokes and wheels rolling over a landscape of natural obstacles , chugging headfirst into the future .
he had dragged her across the country and installed her in a vast , dark , drafty house , plagued by mice and termites , erratically heated , prone to leaks and pipe freezes and toilets backing up onto the floor .
he d expected that she might not recall her visit to his sick bed , but what sort of dunderhead crosses the entire country without an alternate plan ?
half the country is , gwendolyn added , but in a tone that indicated she really did nt understand why .
a few minutes ago the brown derby was buzzing with the most famous people in the country , and now it looked like any other joint on a slow night .
now she wondered if it was just a delusion dreamed up by a nave little girl from a two - horse backwater that nobody would ve heard of except that it shared its name with the most famous town in the country .
to fall foul of louella parsons was to square off with the most powerful media tycoon in the country .
how would you like to serve your country by enlisting today ?
you know , walter , i ai nt been off of this ranch in years , and before that , when we got married , we did nt even go on a honeymoon and after all this time , the only trip you can think of to take me on is to go visit a damned ranch up in indian country ?
if we waited for the sun in this country , we should never leave the house .
perhaps in your wild country , it is acceptable to steal a mans daughter from him .
your country loves you , and his majesty king george the third loves you .
we have a tradition in our country , madam , that is performed before the wedding .
i do not hold with many of the old pagan traditions of my country , but this one i approve of , since our lord jesus christ saw fit to wash the feet of his followers in the holy book .
as you can well imagine , she does not wish to travel so far from her native country to leave her family and friends behind .
the other children were separated and taken across the country .
every one is so nice and think about how many have come to us wanting to know more of the gods of our country , some have even came to believe in them strongly .
we were born in hungary but have traveled all of our lives to romania , poland and other countries that we do not remember because we were so young .
the tests were given in german , so many of the children could not even begin , simply because they were from poland , or other surrounding countries now occupied by the third reich .
that night in france and italy and other countries as well , ballads were being song in there own languages .
* * * * * this book is dedicated to the men and women in uniform who risk their lives every day to keep our country safe and to anyone who has ever had courage in the face of discrimination and fear .
all i know is that now , more than ever , all of us must have faith in our country .
we are watching as our country and the rest of the world is slowly falling apart .
fighting for my country .
he is fighting to protect my country and my people .
for his country , danny had said .
fighting to defend their country ... these people ... with no souls .
she who had lost everything for her country .
wow , so are you from another country or something ?
it is an exquisite country , safiah buzzed .
it was not general knowledge that in virginia upon completing ones term , that one may or may not receive land as part of the freedom dues even though servants bound for virginia were promised land according to the custom of the country , or fifty acres according to custom , but in reality , it all depended on the generosity of the master and most indented servants received nothing but ten bushels of corn , thirty shillings and one musket worth twenty shillings and maybe a new set of clothing .
so that is how they came to find themselves in this backwards , nowhere country , and that is how elizabeth came to find herself in this practically furnished room , with old velvet curtains on the windows and an equally aged velvet comforter on the tester bed , their father having committed suicide five months and four days ago .
i thought ... . with morton i thought that , with richmond behind me , the country would rise .
must i drop everything to squire you around the country , having you mewling at my heels ?
soon the country changed ; and changed again as we left england and rode through the marches .
i looked around it with the same idle curiosity i had for all this strange country .
little hire of labour in the country is just for money .
the attacker against the armed but helpless force was the sweating sickness it made its first appearance here among henrys soldiers after the battle which won him the kingdom and spread so rapidly all over the country that it delayed his coronation .
there is danger here , in this country that none of us know , but my men have firm hearts and i have duke henrys sword at my side .
i ve heard the kings servants say all peasants revolt , but that s the jest of the court , not the country .
you may think it strange that she must request permission at her age , but things may start to unravel here soon as they already have in your country .
czechoslovakia is a sovereign country , erich replied , glancing again at the burning candle , which he now enjoyed , knowing its meaning .
continuing for the next forty minutes , he meticulously demonstrated the staggering growth in the ranks of the mentally insane and disabled and those suffering from incurable diseases in all of europe and the threat this carried to every countrys wellbeing , not just germanys .
how could i not be for my country ?
still , hitler now ruled all of europe , including the balkan countries , and had launched a massive invasion of russia .
like her soldier husband , martin , maria believed herself to be a good german , placing duty to the country above all else , and now she was frightened by erichs obsession with trying to heal brigitte .
the duty to tell the truth , or tend to your neighbor , or fight for your country were all one and the same , christian virtues to the core , so it seemed to her .
it was a new kind of country they were entering , the dark green of the forests and the gray of rocks that lay ahead .
you could have at least fought as a soldier for your country .
* * * after years and years of war with england , many of the french royals and common people , tired of the persistent wars and constant chaos within their country , are ready to give up and become part of england .
edward iii , king of england , has organized his government and rules with an iron hand bringing law and order to his country .
during this time , france has had a king who , because he is mentally incapacitated , ( what some would call mad ) , has lost control of his country , and can not protect his people .
it is because of this belief that they have lost sight of their own individual strength ; they have forgotten how their country began , their royal history and the greatness that their wonderful country once showed to the entire world .
it is because of this belief that they have lost sight of their own individual strength ; they have forgotten how their country began , their royal history and the greatness that their wonderful country once showed to the entire world .
the name of our country is france .
because of marauding forces constantly roaming their country , all animals are kept close to home during the evening and night , so that they can be protected from becoming someone elses dinner .
as pierre gets their horse ready to leave , all of the people staying in the forest come to introduce themselves and with renewed courage about the future of their country they thank jehanne and pierre for their courage and willingness to fight against the english .
try to live your lives in peace , but if you have to defend your life , your home , your family , your land or your country from enemy forces , fight to the death for these things .
he has been trained by the finest horse trainers in this country , and has been in our family for the last three years .
throughout the evening , jehanne and pierre talk with jean about the condition in which they find their country .
the very condition of our country tells you it is so .
and they fight for the right to live in a free country , where they can determine their own path in life .
the english , have their own country ; all we ask is for your help to regain the land that was taken from us .
galloping toward the english with a new sense of identity the soldiers find courage in their hearts , as they battle through their own fear , willing to fight for the freedom of their country .
pierre , you have helped me prepare our battle plans at the war table many times now ; you now know the layout of our country .
she quickly gets on her horse and riding throughout the lines of her soldiers , holding her standard with her left hand and guiding her horse with her knees , she yells , i am still alivefight on my brothers , i am still alivetake our country back from the english !
and what country is this ?
if you go with us , we will be able to find him quicker since you know this country better than we do , julia states .
this is really beautiful country , jehanne .
within their hearts the nobles know that for the sake of their country , they should be commanders like , jehanne .
but their greed keeps shouting so loudly in their ears that the words of truth , honesty , loyalty to their soldiers , and patriotism to their country , coming from their hearts can not be heard .
i will be glad to see both of you when our country is free of the english .
and why had it been jehannes mission , a nineteen year old , to lead her country and show that it could be done , for god whispers the ideas of freedom into the hearts of all the oppressed .
* * * with the courageous example that jehanne had set , along with the teachings that her family is now spreading , throughout their country , many french soldiers and nobles begin to fight with renewed patriotism .
pronounce ( vi - countess ) the day of her death , may 30 , 1431 , is a day that france continues to mark in remembrance of jehanne darc and what she did for their country .
the drive along the autostrada in the contessa 's alfa romeo brought back a plethora of memories for paul - so many adventures in his beloved adopted country over the years .
she exclaimed emphatically , and i m in charge while were in my country !
i presume that , based on what you have previously told me , there is no safe safe deposit box in the entire country of italia .
all italians claim to be from some special portion of the country that makes them superior to all others . ''
` ` you have no idea how deflating it is to be an italian citizen being lectured in your own country by an alien ! ''
it 's just that , in the united states the word ' alien ' means from another planet instead of from another country .
now , please come over here to the east side , he commanded , obviously enjoying his superior knowledge of her country , look out toward the lido again .
rest assured that in my country your achievements are greatly revered , and your unfair treatment reviled universally . ''
fictional characters contessa antonietta floridiana da vinci wrote a travelogue for italian tourists using her new - found knowledge of her country .
but i would never have done them if i did nt care , care deeply , passionately , with all my heart , about this country and its people , all of its people .
oppressive bloodsucking arrogant moslem alien go back to your country show me your mexican flag ill shove it up your ass go trash your fathers crappy country 40,000,000 illegal mexicans violate us texas laws gee a whole lot of white people here today were not racest your illegal but where the tea parties had an almost whimsical sense of delusion , with protesters often dressed like american revolution characters , the secessionist uniform of choice was , well , uniform .
oppressive bloodsucking arrogant moslem alien go back to your country show me your mexican flag ill shove it up your ass go trash your fathers crappy country 40,000,000 illegal mexicans violate us texas laws gee a whole lot of white people here today were not racest your illegal but where the tea parties had an almost whimsical sense of delusion , with protesters often dressed like american revolution characters , the secessionist uniform of choice was , well , uniform .
the three states had some of the fastest growing unions in the country , austin especially .
such a country way back in the 1840s would have been amazingly modern , opposed to slavery , favoring equal rights regardless of race , engendering respect for blacks and mexicans within its territory , and seeking to always deal with american indians by treaty , avoiding violence whenever possible .
germans in the hill country suffered massive persecution from the confederacy , including several mass executions for refusing to be drafted into the confederate military .
appendix vi charts texas indian tribes before european invasions aiys ( aix ) akokisa alabama anandarko aranama atakapan bidai ( quismigos ) biloxi caddo cherokee choctaw coahuiltecans comanche concho coushatta deadose eyeish ( aix , haish ) hanai hasinai huacos ( wacos ) jicarilla apache jumano ( shuman ) kadohadacho karankawa kichai ( kitsai ) kickapoo kiowa koasati lipan apache mescalero apache nacachau nacanish nanatsoho ( nadsoo , natsoho , natsvto ) nasoni ( assony , nassonite , nisohone ) natchitoches nebedache neches pakana muscogee pascagoula patiri pushme quapaw seminole shawnee tawakoni tigua ( ysleta pueblo ) tonkawa wichita xacatin ( soacatino ) texas indian tribes today alabama coushatta- north of houston cherokee communities in north texas kickapoo- near eagle pass lipan apache communities in south texas tigua ( ysleta pueblo ) in el paso urban indians of many tribes appendix vii republic of texas quotes quotes from republic of texas members 1836 - 45 mirabeau lamar , president of the republic of texas- ` ` the proper policy to be pursued towards the barbarian race is absolute expulsion from the country .
back in her own country , she was prepared to find husbands for her girls .
on the stand , he had dramatically exposed lady chessington 's lover as the murderer , and the news had swept the country .
if i do n't fight , i shall never live this down , never be able to hold my head up again , because everyone will think i ' m a coward why , we 'll have to leave the country , for god 's sake ! ''
he was an asset to this army , to his country , and a beloved friend to all who knew and served under and with him .
the country scotland is named after them although they originated in ireland ] from the north of ireland invaded what is now the west coast of scotland .
the date of easter therefore varies between march 22 and april 25 ] ` ` when i travelled through the countries of tuscany , lombard , the empire of the franks , aquitania and burgundy for pilgrimage and prayer , i found easter celebrated at one and the same time .
` ` but that 's pict country . ''
` ` that 's my country . ''
this was certainly different country to what he had seen before .
` ` well welcome to our country good sirs . ''
if you had harmed me you know you would never have escaped from my country alive . ` `
gille dhu said they were now in scotti country .
and as for the travelers that made their way through that part of the country ?
since mardonius occupies his country , alexander must support him but , being hellene , wishes us well tomorrow and asks that we remember the great risk he 's taken coming here .
she 'd never been with men going off in defense of country and felt the yoke of comradeship , the call to glory .
you 're devoted to others and country .
how gentle she was with children , her willingness to give , her devotion to country .
she remembered that death and sleep are twin brothers who dwell in the country of dreams .
however , ... here he gave julia a sharp look , mr hamilton would nt be the only gentleman in this part of the country who has received calls from those men .
she gave a mischievous smile and added , the cognac in this part of your country is always very good .
i have never visited your country .
the elizabethan house proved interesting with its large panelled hall , intricate carvings , a priests hole , and a bedchamber especially built for the virgin queen on one of her many progresses around the country , as the custodian explained .
i am aware that it has been a scourge for the whole country while we have been at war with france , but now we are at peace , surely my dear miss farraday , he interrupted .
it has been going on for centuries and has cost the country millions of pounds , not to mention thousands of lives .
they continued walking on as he added , another problem is that since our great victory at waterloo , there has been a huge influx of over two hundred thousand soldiers and seamen back into the country , and for whom there is no chance of employment .
but not for long ; in february 1965 connie was still living in england when he received an invitation from olaf to meet with him and visit samlesbury airfield in the north of the country .
from where i sit , this country is become irrelevant .
all the noise that this country is free with abundant opportunities , but that s just a big lie .
since the end of world war ii , containment was the foreign policy of the united states to prevent the spread of communism not in our country but abroad .
somewhere along the line , i discovered that our country does nt belong to us .
with your help we can get back our country .
unfolding it , i smile at her and read : since the end of world war ii , containment was the foreign policy of the united states to prevent the spread of communism not in our country by abroad .
and there was a time in this country when you knew that if you worked hard and went to school , and if you learned the values of america in your home , that you could count on having a secure future and a prosperous life .
and that is as you -- as you look at this country , i ' m a guy who has lived in the world of business .
and i did that not representing one of the most conservative districts in the state of texas but in the state of pennsylvania , with the second largest per capita population of seniors in the country .
the more and more i am exposed to the underbelly , the less i believe in my country .
today , i said , enough is enough ... after the noise subsides , i presented my case to redefine the america character and in the process return our great country to the people , not the special interests group that have manipulated policy since world war ii .
i love our country and wish the very best .
we are all part of a great country , created from high ideals with a fierce and competitive spirit , yet with the will to support , protect and defend our neighbors .
smuggling rings had sprung up all along the coast , for the enormous margin of profit luxury goods could bring was enough to tempt men all over the country to risk imprisonment and hanging for the crime .
you remember my saying that there d been a sharp rise in the amount of smuggled goods being brought into the country in these parts of late ?
and otherwise , she decided with a faint smile , there was nothing to show she had spent the greater part of the night being chased through the forest by a regiment of excisemen and in the company of the countrys most notorious smuggler .
turning against their country for the sake of a few quick gold pieces .
information about our troop movements is pouring out of this country as fast as french brandy is pouring in .
and the one person who might have told her , the only one she might have trusted , was now exposed as a liar and a traitor to his country .
i ve been able to ferry messages back and forth from france to napoleons agents in this country .
and , he added , i ve helped smuggle quite a number of french spies in and out of the country .
and then the spies i helped to smuggle into the country began to be rounded up and captured almost as soon as i d settled them in their positions .
she would be doomed to a pathetic , undistinguished existence in a foreign country , scraping for every penny for the rest of her life .
king idamante has just defeated troy , your country , mademoiselle !
idomeneo is idamantes son , so ilia does nt want to admit that she loves him because he s just conquered her country !
i have nt met one person in this country that knew anything about mythat is , the norse religion !
with the princes supposedly safely tucked up , richard and buckingham set out on a royal progress round the country , leaving from windsor , not london , on 20th july .
it was a long time before anyone told richard what was being said ; out on his royal progress round the country he was still received as a hero .
the illegitimate princes in the tower presented no threat to the legitimate richard iii , the whole of the nobility , the church , parliament , london and the country had unanimously proclaimed richard above the princes .
that edward , i hate him , i destroyed him , and soon i shall take his country .
and then we go to the different provinces of our country .
can we just stay in our community and country and preach christ here ?
especially in the preaching of your gospel , here in our country , and to other countries in the world .
especially in the preaching of your gospel , here in our country , and to other countries in the world .
aside from that , many filipinos are working in japan , singapore , malaysia , south korea and other countries in asia .
each one of us overseas workers paid us $ 125 in order to be allowed to leave our country .
lord , save our country !
your country !
looking at the islands across aberdeen , she could nt help thinking about the sad state of the people living in more than seven thousand islands called the philippines her country .
in a related development , stock markets in other asian oil - consuming countries like singapore , thailand , south korea , taiwan , the philippines , and including hong kong , suffered a nose - dive after todays invasion of kuwait .
again , she thought of her country , the philippines .
since no historian will ever dare to mention the names of overseas workers in their accounts , let me proudly pen in this book some of the names of the millions of filipinos who have sacrificed safety and comfort for their loved ones , and for their country .
back to table of contents a historical novelist for peace dr . norberto l. mercado , dd , yearns to help bring peace to his war - torn country , the philippines , through a unique ` ` water for fire '' strategy .
in line with japanese yasunari kabawatas writings about the japanese way of life , most of norberts novels focus mostly on the current situation in his country .
` ` i will use the prize for establishing a peace foundation that will assist in the formulation of policies which will resolve the current shooting conflicts in the country .
` ` let us work for peace in our country , in any way we can , '' norbert stressed .
remarkably , my mother got the date right , though in fact none of my direct ancestors had actually ever lived in an independent poland and that was not the country they had left behind .
moreover , none of her ancestors had lived in that country or arrived to america in 1909 but had come from austria - hungary two decades earlier .
the jews were every bit as much of a nationality as were the other two , and indeed if israel did not exist in the nineteenth century as a country , neither did poland .
it is amazing how much red blood has been absorbed by a country whose name means white russia , though innocent or pure might be a better translation .
one can not find a place in the country not affected by wars .
since time immemorial belarus has been the arena of military actions ; armades from different states used to cross the country in all directions .
it is considered europes worst dictatorship , a backward country , a sort of fossil left over from communism .
the russian tide had receded and left belarus as an independent country for the first time in history .
at the same time , no place suffered more from world war two in europe than did the lands which now constitute that country .
once while experiencing a particularly bad bit of bureaucracy in algeria , i remarked quietly to a fellow journalistbut hopefully not fellow travelerstanding next to me , its one thing to model yourself on a communist country but why did they pick albania ?
it has gone from being the breadbasket of russia or poland to being the appalachia of a country already poor and less developed .
those who can leave do , usually as construction workers in other countries or minsk .
there is no doubt that the soviets treated the country terribly , executing hundreds and deporting tens of thousands .
seven were in the first independent lithuanian parliament , several dozen died fighting for the country 's freedom during world war one , and so on .
when that pursuit relates to that far - off country from which traveler never returnsthe land of the deadwe call it history .
a continent , civilization , country , history is not all heroic men and powerful suprahuman forces .
and so my ancestors loaded up their wagons and headed east , excited at getting in on the ground floor of a promising new country , not realizing this decision would shape their descendants fates for 500 years , until another cataclysm intervened .
jews , however , had neither really lost a country nor found another one in russia .
to avoid the draft was a major incentive for jews in dolhinov and elsewhere to migrate to america or other countries .
after all , it was easy for the russian masses , and european christians in other countries to read leftist revolutionary activities by individual jews as a malevolent , collective jewish attempt to destroy christianity , their country , and their culture .
after all , it was easy for the russian masses , and european christians in other countries to read leftist revolutionary activities by individual jews as a malevolent , collective jewish attempt to destroy christianity , their country , and their culture .
napoleon had led a massive force , product of the new patriotic nationalism that mobilized an entire country for war .
meanwhile , though , no one knew where the ussrs borders began and those of poland ended or even whether there would be a country called poland .
they could create and maintain communal institutions , educate their children , and leave the country if they so chose .
at first , only the individual jews choosing join the revolutionary cause voluntarily made those sacrifices but later , with the communists in power , these same demands were imposed by force on all jews in the country , often by the jewish communists themselves .
in the words morgenthau reports words : it is ... often asserted that the chiefs of the bolshevik movement in russia are jews of poland or lithuania and there is no doubt that they played a prominent part in the bolshevik government of such cities as vilna , lida , and minsk before the capture of these cities by the polish army.xxxvii this concept of judeo - communism was applied in the 1930s and even more so in the post-1945 period when jews were associated with unpopular communist regimes in their countries .
but no pole had to be paranoid to perceive their country was surrounded by them : russians to the east ; germans to the west .
by pushing the jews out of business or out of the country altogether , space would be cleared for a stronger polish middle class .
this would be the outcome not only in poland and large parts of russia and belarus but also in czechoslovakia , romania , hungary , the ukraine , and lithuania , among other countries .
after all , it was their country and how else could a polish middle class develop ?
it was in the poorest part of a poor country , the neglected east , called kresy , borderland , in polish or , revealingly , poland - b , the second - class region .
since it was right up against the dead end of the soviet border , the historic trade between the two countries , so important in earlier centuries for the towns existence , was legally non - existent .
a tremendous sense of self - consciousness and self - discipline was instilled , characteristics that would later serve their descendants well once they left dolhinov for other countries .
during those first days of soviet occupation , amiable but well - armed russian soldiers milled around everywhere in the town , confused to find themselves outside their own hermetically sealed country for the first time .
they know the soviets were there to destroy their country , language , and religion .
of all europes countries , poland has the most and largest proportion of jews .
as one jew in a neighboring town recalled : soviet propaganda always depicted the working classes of other countries as hungry , deprived , and exploited .
their deeds helped to destroy their own communitydirectly in communist lands , indirectly in those where the identification of jews with communism fomented antisemitism -- the persecution of the whole population , dire damage to their countries , violence , death , and economic stagnation .
stalins basic goal was to destroy the polish elite to such an extent that the country could never rise again .
and the same phenomenon happened in latvia , lithuania , and other eastern european countries .
never for a moment did she think of fleeing the country .
lxvii almost none of the dolhinov jews had ever been far away or to another country .
most of his fellow soldiers had called him the ` ` zoska of estonia , '' the jew from estonia , a rarity in a country that has few jews and in a red army that has few estonians .
the soviets had seized the country where he lived in june 1940 , then forced him into their army to be dispatched to occupied poland in early 1941 .
some dolhinov jews were able to follow this same route to the newly independent country .
as a polish army veteran , he was repatriated to that country .
but the passion from the field was too intense and the poles lack of resources too great , at least in the eastern part of the country .
no one bothered to inform the poles themselves , who continued to fight heroically believing they were liberating their country .
dolhinov was back in the ussr or , more specifically , in the bssrthe byelorussia soviet socialist republic.most of the jews who had survived in the dolhinov area wanted to sail away from europe altogether , tired of fighting other peoples battles while being unwelcome guests in others peoples countries .
one day he was called into headquarters and fired on the grounds that he had relatives living outside the country , a rule often used to get rid of jews .
in 1956 , the soviets felt so confident of their domination over poland that they agreed to allow pre - war polish citizens to leave the ussr and return there , even if their hometowns were no longer located in that country .
it would be very difficult for me to express the deep emotions i had when i arrived in the country .
by 2003 , now part of the independent country of dolhinov , there were fewer than 1200 .
and when that distance was permanently sealed by the wartime massacres the guilt became too painful to speak again of the old country .
as to those who went to the land of israel , theymainly as farmers , small businesspeople , and when necessary as soldiers -- just built up a country , the one their ancestors had dreamed of for two millennia .
how could this country boy from dolhinov , married only at age 30 , owning almost no possessions and losing all of those , imagine that his grand - daughter would grow up to marry the son of israels parliament speaker , work for the foreign ministry in mauretania , and then be employed by the tourism office , trying to convince people to visit the country which was his first real and final home and refuge .
at 20 he was drafted into the soviet army , which had only recently annexed his home country .
he referred to his expert on that country , a man named yakov kaplan , who lives twenty minutes from me .
it is a soviet war memorial , an island of russia in anunderstandably -- unfriendly country .
` ` a fruit of our country , captain .
surely your england is an advanced country where women have the same freedom . ''
` ` this whole damned country is mad . ''
instead he has asked me to bring certain common products of our country , not as gifts , for they are too unworthy , but as samples of english workmanship that your majesty may examine personally the goods he offers your merchants in trade .
` ` may it please his majesty , the ambassador of a king must show his gratitude after the custom of his own country , '' hawksworth replied to nadir sharif , then bowed lightly to arangbar .
jadar was marching into the heart of ancient rajput country , and the movement of his army suddenly came to resemble a triumphant victory procession .
yet i maintain great hope that we are like to discover profitable trade with the country of india .
i write now to advise you the hollanders have late brought news of a new king of that country .
england had the spare people to settle the americas , which the low countries never had , but we ' ve had the bottoms to ship them what they need .
therefore , we declare that whereas we would not be wanting to use all honest means for obtaining a continuance of commerce , trade , and good correspondence with our country , so we will not alienate ourselves from those old heroic virtues of true englishmen , to prostitute our freedom and privileges , to which we are born , to the will and opinion of anyone ; we can not think that there are any amongst us who are so simple , or so unworthily minded , that they would not rather choose a noble death , than forsake their liberties .
excused in the name of abstractions like ` ` liberty '' and ` ` country '' and ` ` dignity . ''
` ` my lordi have formerly sent you many invitations to persuade you to a fair compliance with that new power which governs your native country , thereby preserving yourself and all the gent , of this island from certain ruin , and this island from that desolation which your , and their , obstinacy may bring upon it .
when an honest tar borrows a brass watch fob , he 's hang 'd for theft ; when the generals steal a whole country , it 's called the spoils of war .
trees were so scarce in this part of the country that she and wade were using dried cow and horse droppings with what little dead brush they could find for their campfires at night .
damn you , wade haden , for bringin me to this godforsaken country and impregnatin me !
as i said , were from the selective service and the selective service act of 1917 requires all young men from the ages of twenty - one to thirty to register with our office for possible induction into the armed forces of our country .
` ` he scoured the country for any and all watterly cousins . ''
` ` so how long have you been in this country , mick ?
tell me , do you ever miss your old country , ireland ?
bridie felt the country was at a tipping point and still too shaken by kennedy 's death and subsequent martyrdom to trust a big leap to the right .
had found six anna harpers in the country but none of them were his annie .
when the country emerged into prosperity in the fifties bridie emerged as a beautiful , intelligent and talented young lady .
i did n't carry these things clear across the country to hear that .
the thought of eadric the grasper seemed to transport her to another time and place , through a maze of lies and treacheries , into the miserable years of her role as king ethelreds wife , to the moment that eadric changed the fate of the country forever weighed down by the burden of her memories , emma hunched into the embrace of her linen robes .
he was finally going to make this sorry country into a proper home for his family .
i hear they are actually building castles there like they do in their country .
this reeve was a greedy man who seized lands and riches wherever he could , and when he ran out of opportunities in his local country , he decided to venture into wales for some plundering .
based on the stories his father told him , he felt amazed that a country plagued for centuries by vikings and only recently freed from the reign of a viking king could go on pretending from day to day that war was a far and distant thing .
cuz no way anyone would give a crap about the germans wanting to have one united country with one race if the americans had already proven it could be done .
if all went well , he could be in his native country by 1858 .
besides , too many mexicans are loyal to their ranch more than to their country .
he started doubting his decision to not bank it all and have the bank transfer the money across the country .
the studios are taking tax breaks in other states and countries and setting up shop in places as far away as new zealand , vancouver and new england .
that country which has singly reshaped the entire look and destiny of all cultures in the world has only seven places recognized by the un as cultural heritage sites .
the computer was telling him the names of european countries , their landmasses and capital cities .
because even though we live in america and ca nt actually see the other countries , what goes on in those other countries affects our lives .
because even though we live in america and ca nt actually see the other countries , what goes on in those other countries affects our lives .
she went back to sams room and rejoined him in learning europes countries .
perhaps in a country as new as scotia , people could change .
for a man to lose his feet in this country was a fate close to death .
although he was still new to this country , he felt confident in his ability to direct men .
we do n't need another tacksman , not in this country .
this is a harsh country , and you 're new to it .
this farm -- this land -- the reason we moved to this forsaken country -- do you think it was for us , allan ?
and there s more opportunity for him here in this new country , as well as for us .
instead , she travelled alone , save rupert , going towards an unknown country ... and an unknown welcome .
the years in this new country must have been hard , she realized .
in her spare moments she often took walks along the river , enjoying the wild beauty of this young country .
after all she 'd been through to come to this country , to find allan , and now to start a new life ... she was n't willing to give up yet .
you can read more about allan , harriet , margaret , henry , ian , rupert , eleanor , and even little caroline reid in the second book of the emigrants trilogy , another country , set ten years later and taking place mostly in boston .
another country : orphaned , widowed , and in desperate need of a change , eleanor campbell sets off for boston in 1832 to join her estranged brother ian -- and attempt to find some small happiness for herself .
set five years after the events of another country , a distant shore follows the lives and adventures of the macdougall , moore , and campbell families into a new generation .
ill choose someone who i know is out of the country , so she wo nt be able to check up on me .
back in the war , boys of seventeen were conscripted to go and fight for our country .
lord and lady ashley thought an education in a different country would benefit him .
americas such a curious country , peter said .
for myron lawless had friends who had friends , who in turn had friends , and so , that autumncolin had now finished secondary schoolhe moved north to london to attend kings college on the strand , best bloody law school in the country , claimed his father , who himself had gone to kings college , though not in london .
i can see you as one of the great men of our country , given time , said mrs . croft .
it 's the most disgraceful country that i have ever seen , they 're hanging men and women for the wearing of the green .
catholics could nt vote , could nt become lawyers or join the police or hold any other public office , or buy freehold land , or send their children to the only university in the country ( trinity college ) or abroad to be educated , nor could they run their own schools , or own a horse worth more than 5 or a hundred and one other things .
i was an outlaw in my own country , which saddened me greatly .
there was no realistic way of avoiding it , and it was a free port , in effect an independent country .
i certainly have no wish to waste his time said tandy , i merely wish to assure him of my total loyalty to him and to my adopted country , and to express my thanks for his intervention .
but i had to flee the country after my joining the defenders came to light , and went eventually to america where i made a number of influential friends which is why i m here this evening , and thence to paris .
its a free country , you can do whatever you like , she answered and trotted up to the commonplace - looking house that was situated on a grassy ( well , dead grassy at that time of year ) knob .
i probably would have been able to sleep without the ether considering i had been hopping around the country for the past few days like some sort of deranged travelling salesman , but what the hell , i was on vacation .
i even thought of going on journeys to far away places , but inertia ruled me , and also , i did not want to get far from the source of news of my people and my country .
( there were not yet hens in the country at that time , according to archeologists , so we have to use piegeons as a symbol ) .
by that - the bleeding country earned stillness , if not full peace for a few years .
they were waiting for condolers from remote parts of the country , also from judea .
large troops of hazael , the aramean king , had invaded northern israel , and penetrated deeply into the country .
the baal worshippers on the other hand- accused god beleivers , that they had caused arams disaster : they treacherously told arams troops secrets about the high - ways and water sources of the country .
many foes had gathered around little judea kingdom , among them kush tribes ( perhapes they had come from an african country like ethipia ) egyptians , adomites- and also arams king hazael , who succeeded to conquer the coast of northern israel and arrived in the western border of judea .
she wanted him to meet boys and girls from the neighboring countries , and let him know her remote family from tsydon .
said the maid meekly , and i fear that my spirit is too weak , to satisfy such a vigorous mans demands from a woman but if his love to me develops , you will be the happiest in the country , smiled athaliah .
she had been jealous to and decisive to uproot gods prophets and their followers from the country , and wondered how they re - emerged from as from underground , after many of them had been slaughtered by her husband ahab .
he persuaded his battalion quite easily- to gallop with him toward the center of the country : the town of jezre - el was the lounge of the royal family for automn and winter seasons .
she had made jezre - el a second capital of the country , by confiscating a vineyard from the man navot , in elijas time .
he was killed by a murderer called jehu , a rebel who now threatens also our own country , judea- and holy jerusalem !
but they had failed to do that : in recent time - poverty prevailed on many people , in addition to the general decrease of gods believers in the country .
you wanted to incite judea , to make our country fall as a ripe fruit in our enemys hands !
she was now very encouraged , sure in her ability to win the rule over the country .
you will see jehus cunning , said the priest , he had called youngsters from all over the country - to participate in baal festivities there .
bat gad decided to escape from the country , and get back to her homeland in judea .
in addition to the fact that now they have their scribes , who do nt need to copy the scripts so accurately as in my country , judea .
i had not been in the country for more than seven years .
i could be today a respectable woman , a wife of a most vigorous men in this country .
i would even neglect my throne , if not the memory of my family and respect to them would stick me to rule in this fuckened country !
the country of israel then- according to the bible and also based on archeology , was split into two separate kingdoms : northern israel - and southern judea .
* * * * * * * canada and the united states have a neighborly dispute as to which country first celebrated labor day in 1882 .
this legacy evolved from the horrific slave trade from french - speaking haiti and countries in west africa into louisiana and from the slaves proximity to cajun french .
jack kant stop da klan from a foreign country .
her stepfathers reminiscences about his time in africa had filled her with a longing to travel to foreign countries , and she saw her move to acton bishop as the first step in learning how to cope away from home .
even though he had lived in england for most of his life there was still something about his accent which suggested that it was not the country of his birth .
it was such a struggle at first to persuade the corporation to go ahead , but soon our city will have good clean water for all to drink the young man put down his copy of borrows wild wales , which he had purchased when he knew that he would be accompanying his father on this first visit to that country , and asked with some vehemence , but what of the people who lived in this valley ?
you know that my parents brought me to this country when i was a boy .
my resentment as you call it , philip , is because i live in a conquered country .
i 'd probably leave the country .
my country ' t is of thee , amber said .
during his administration , peace was restored in the country , and the only disturbance was created by one theudas , who came forward with the claim of being a prophet .
publius c. thrasea father in law of priscus , senator , publius petronius governor of roman syria publius petronius was appointed by caligula , as governor ( legate ) of syria in ad 39 , probably arriving in the country late in the year .
elsewhere , he stated : nicolaus of damascus , in the fourth book of his history , says thus : ` ` abraham reigned at damascus , being a foreigner , who came with an army out of the land above babylon , called the land of the chaldeans : but , after a long time , he got him up , and removed from that country also , with his people , and went into the land then called the land of canaan , but now the land of judea , and this when his posterity were become a multitude ; as to which posterity of his , we relate their history in another work .
galilee region in palestine ( part of israel ) galilee is a large region in northern israel which overlaps with much of the administrative north district and haifa district of the country .
it was bounded on the north by pisidia and was therefore a country of small extent , having a coast - line of only about 75 miles with a breadth of about 30 miles .
perea territory east of the jordan river ( jordan ) perea ( ` ` the country beyond '' in greek ) , a portion of the kingdom of herod the great occupying the eastern side of the jordan river valley , from about one third the way down from the sea of galilee to about one third the way down the eastern shore of the dead sea ; it did not extend too far inland .
and we were young , and from different countries .
one day the war ended , the curtain closing finally on those images of ignominious defeat , old newsreel clichs today , a communist tank crashing through palace gates , helicopters pushed off the sides of aircraft carriers like redundant junk , and people scrambling to get away from their own country .
its an assignment that any digger should be proud to participate in because hell be representing his country .
the americans had thousands of their own vehicles and drivers in this country and in any case helicopters were used for emergencies .
any woman comes to this country to work must be crazy .
until now the women of our host country had been for me distant figures bending at their work in rice paddies .
with her knowledge of language , the country and the people .
he s the geologist in charge of the exploratory section of the company and he has big plans in this country , when the war is finally over .
i would never have lasted as long as i did in this country without her .
immediately beyond us an unknown rainforest loomed , just beyond that a country in chaos and beyond that a world in confusion .
it had to do with her relationship with her father , who had been coming to this country on business trips for as long as she could remember .
the country was at war and you served .
until that day the physical difference between the people of this country and soldiers like me never bothered me .
my understanding of this country had been as limited as my interest , and i was about to be given a glimpse of the sort of commitment that some , like abbies father , jake klein , were trying to make to its present and its future , at present the man was in trouble .
he said my need to go traipsing off to the worlds most dangerous country , in search of my father , was the result of my broken family .
with all emphasis on getting troops out of the country as expeditiously as possible , there would be no more one - off , out - of - the - blue , special deliveries to saigon or anywhere else .
he seemed to want an army , perhaps a country , a world , where the al stanleys were eliminated and he took any acceptance of the misfit as an affront to everyone else in the unit .
in the following weeks of the withdrawal he tried on several occasions to leave with an earlier flight than his time in- country allowed .
never popular with the officers and ncos , in the end he would leave with the final flight of national servicemen out of the country .
i decided she would be put onto a plane out of the country before i was .
and soon enough , out of the whole campaign , the whole country .
that were fighting for our country .
were not fighting for our country .
i was here to march , for my army , my country , for the whole free world .
my best friend in this country , present company excepted of course , was a communist agent .
abbie added that this man was mais father and if lins commitment to an independent , communist government of her country could have intensified it did when he mysteriously disappeared .
in 1965 , as the american military presence in her country was building massively , she returned and was immediately recruited by the hanoi government .
this country is full of kooks .
just for coming to this country in the first place .
nothing ever runs smoothly in this country .
i m from a sunburnt country .
the country was in a mess but you did your best .
and this girl had problems , was from a country far from mine .
across the country , other raiders had demonstrated in a more traditional nonviolent manner .
who 'd have thought so much nonviolent resistance would just pop up here and there around the country ?
do you think nixon 's going to read about your arrest and say to kissinger , oh , dear , let 's stop the war , henry , they 're rioting in the north country !
to the people of america : we live in a country built upon violence .
it 's not too late to leave the country .
and here in this country , now , it means destroying the military system .
sure there are problems but do you know of another country where the opportunities so outweigh the problems ?
he s never been in this part of the country .
three times he has been over the mountains , looking to expand his colony , and ultimately his country , and three times he loses .
these people led their country , and on several occasions had saved their country .
these people led their country , and on several occasions had saved their country .
if washington could cross mountains for his country , i could learn to distinguish between forty eight kinds of cheese , and recall the names of fifteen or sixteen lacrosse players .
surely there is plenty of history for a young historian to explore in your own country .
who knows , you might even have linked up with the english - speaking countries of california and oregon .
many people recognize him as the discoverer of the mighty mississippi , but few understand that he was responsible for much of how our country actually took shape .
he describes country after country and where gods word is being shared .
he describes country after country and where gods word is being shared .
i have never traveled in the u.s . and so do not understand your country .
but my dissertation advisor is out of the country and i promised to lead his seminar tomorrow morning .
the country was so vast , we were visible in just a small corner of it .
then mazarin conveniently died and louis was able to take command of his country .
how could you be embarrassed by a man who explored so much of your country ?
murphy , maybe i should delay my description of louis explorations and explain why every third grammar school in this country is named jolliet , yet you will travel forever and not find even a bus terminal named for lasalle .
they left his body out to be eaten by wild animals , but i always thought it would have been more just to create yet another cemetery for this man who had already created so many cemeteries in our country .
yet his concept of an empire along the mississippi was the central concept of your country .
his belongings were a bit odd , but the jesuits had traveled over so much of the country that they knew how to pack all his spiritual necessities so that they would both stay dry and be easy to portage .
lasalle divided his force and left cemeteries all over our country .
martin ( absolutely the worst first name for a salesman in a catholic country ) got on the topic of weekends , and wanted to know what i had planned .
they also guarded this end of our country from the spanish , and from you .
they had plenty of women when they arrived , and there are fewer tribes in this part of the country .
it allowed them to keep their religious traditions alive in a catholic country , but now it allows them to think of themselves as a separate race .
tonight i had the company of a beautiful woman and a man who cares for the history of my country .
you see every time the missionaries went into a new country they had decisions to make about which local practices to allow and which to ban .
the portuguese jesuits , who were first into the country , decided that ancestor worship would be allowed , and they modified their service , defining the new service as the chinese rite .
the legislative act , now the law of our land , reads as follows : whereas elise marie dupry has now performed all the duties required to be named doctor of philosophy , and whereas this degree has now been granted by the national university of canada , and whereas this esteemed woman of canada will soon be taking a leadership role in the interior ministry of her nation , and whereas doctor dupry is known to be a woman of fine character and a credit to her country , we the legislature of canada and the president of canada , do this day , april 10 , 2004 , declare to be doctor elise marie dupry day , and do enjoin the leading citizens of canada to celebrate this day in the appropriate manner .
yes , that was a key battle , and one that is almost unknown in my own country .
one of two things will happen : either god will punish me for my crimes and cowardice , or else he will give me a share of his cross , which i have yet carried since my arrival in this country .
he gave thanks for dying in the society of jesus , for dying a missionary , and for dying in the country .
catholic women cried , catholic men demanded swift justice , while the one huguenot they could find on the street ended his interview with now maybe you will get out of my country .
get out of my country .
of course she had lots to think about too her new job , the developing conflict in her country , and the trip she was about to take to the united states to meet the family of a man who had asked her to marry him .
we are in green bay , in the middle of a country that has been at peace for nearly a century .
elises country was on the verge of breakup .
i ' ve also heard fathers in these parts of the country are not the least bit understanding when a daughter comes home knocked - up , especially when the donor happens to be a newly minted army ninety day wonder . ''
history tell us about noble character who fought great battles , explored unknown countries and performed other virtuous feats .
all i ' ve see growing above ground in this great sand blown country are cactus or is it cacti ?
many books have been written about gold rushes and bush pilots , but very little ink has been spilled telling stories of early white men and women who mushed and walked through vast unexplored region in that part of the country .
would it be fair to refer to them as little people who played large , yet unrecognized roles , in pushing back the frontiers in this country and canada ?
i traveled some while my lawyer was settin up a bunch of blind corporations around the country to handle the money harry left me .
` ` in answer to your question , yes , i ' m pretty well in the know about business deals going on around this part of the country .
she must have more looks than brains wanting to buy land in that god forsakin ' part of country . ''
i appreciate and enjoy the quietness and privacy afforded by that section of the country .
` ` there is n't an auction house in this part of the country specializing in selling widows .
my granddaddy thorn was one of the first sodbusters in my part of the country .
` ` and where was or is this , ' part of the country ' ? ''
it tends to be a two - season country .
there are times when i wish i 'd never come down here to this crazy country .
someone said something stupid , someone else claimed no huguenots were being allowed out of the country , and the next thing they knew fists were flying and the building was on fire .
we may be a protestant country , but we do have some fine cathedrals .
why did they suddenly object to sharing their country ?
the jolliet name was magic all over the country , except in louisiana .
it made a kind of sense , except for one obvious problem the country was on the verge of going to war and i would be driving right into the midst of it .
we have attacked your country four times , and four times you have won .
a country about to be split up by protestants had actually been founded by a protestant .
today was my day to put the history of this country in a new perspective .
he forms the catholic league and begins raising supporters all around the country , but especially in paris .
his edict of nantes declared that france was a catholic country , but that protestantism could be practiced without fear .
mazarin runs the country until louis is in his teens , and then mazarin dies and leaves louis to run one of the largest and most populous countries in europe .
mazarin runs the country until louis is in his teens , and then mazarin dies and leaves louis to run one of the largest and most populous countries in europe .
i might dislike the representatives my country sent to new orleans , but i am still an american .
you could be of great use to your country .
one evening next month some young americans , some of whom you have met , will be risking their lives on behalf of their country .
king since the death of louis xiv in 1715 , the country was being run by the duc dorleans .
a million strong , most had managed to escape to neighboring countries where they happily fought in every war against france , and even started a few .
why break up the country ?
i am convinced that canada has always been two countries louisiana and the north , and there were always just two forces holding the country together the jolliet clan and england .
louis jolliet has found a route through the interior of the country , and it is a good route , but compare that route to the ocean routes .
i sometimes think this country is held together by the will of the jolliets alone .
he said the jolliets have been holding this country together for centuries .
they took covered wagons from cape town to johannesburg , roughly a thousand miles , and by the time they were done , their candidates were able to beat the british candidates and run the country for nearly two generations .
the current divisions in the country were not new , but had been there for centuries .
huguenot refugees in the u.s . will want to fight for louisiana , and there will be border skirmishes as they try to get back into the country .
my hope is that with your name now known across the country , people who might wish to harm you will be more cautious .
for an overcrowded country like the u.s . , the ohio would provide land for millions .
the fact that you have to tell a guest in your country that he is safe tells you just how screwed up your crowd is .
after depopulating much of the country through the thirty year 's war , germany needed people , and they attracted tens of thousands of huguenots with very attractive offers .
lincoln was a man , maybe even the man , whom the country needed to survive the trials ahead .
her grandparents were german , only recently from the old country .
by tomorrow morning , his name would be plastered all over the newspapers and telegraphed across the country .
long went so far as to quote the doctor , who said he had been advised to leave the country and was doing so .
ca nt be that way , sis , not in our country .
am grateful for you giving my girl a tour of the country but well be leaving now .
then , at least , she understood his wanting to bring order and safety to the country and , mostly , was able to overlook gunplay that involved .
habits , whether wearing a hat or riding so much that foot paths were overlooked , were comfortable in easy surroundings but turned fatal when the country was hostile .
in that respect , he held in high regard near legendary stories of pikes extensive knowledge and memory of country covered or heard .
part of this country as much as animals and birds , anton would track marshal unseen , reveal himself at the last moment then end pikes life in final proof of his dominance .
germans wife accompanied him from europe , trading persecution brought by principles her husband vowed to uphold for frontier country where few existed and lived almost long enough to see her dreams fulfilled .
on the wall , he pictured a map of his country .
when the citizens learn that a strange woman from a strange country attacked your exalted throne and horribly wounded the second prince , they will thunder down the gods own retribution upon her neck .
his noise saps me as much as this tem country .
for king and country ( by oliver ma ) to my parents , who helped me walk the first steps of creative writing , and to dr.robert bowman , who gave me endless suggestions and inspirations , and proof read my work without pay , simply because of the goodness in his heart .
for the next month , father locked himself in his room , forcing mother to attempt to run the palace and the country at once .
hoptons sworn brother waller has refused to flee with the king and betray his country , and has instead defected to parliament .
rupert had told him the foolishness of riding a horse at the charge , but cary insisted upon it , saying he was weary of the times and foresaw much misery to his own country and did believe in victory for either side .
of course , the northern country was not all for betraying the king .
nether the less , sentiments still persists all over france , and the country was a lot weaker than it otherwise would have been .
the next few days reports began to pour in from all over the country , and i must admit much of it was depressing .
almost every single country in europe was devastated by the horrifying thirty years war .
most countries lost much of their youth to battles and much of its senile population to famines .
the dutch support all men fighting to free themselves or their country from oppression .
let me tell you , that the generous council of the united province of the netherlands has granted you permission to recruit and train royalists troops in the hague for the eventual goal of retaking england and allying the country with the dutch republic !
he was determined to be a good king , but he was too trusting , too stubborn , to effectively lead the country .
within months the country has broken up into little states , much like the holy roman empire had after the thirty years war .
as a result , against my own wishes i listened to them and held back , ignoring even the wishes of the soldiers i led , all of whom begged to be sent to england to conquer the country for me .
the corpses of cromwell and the other regicides were whipped and cut up into little pieces , then scattered all over the country .
and so , here he was at the start of his sentence , more a victim of the harsh and implacable justice system that ruled the british isles than many other men who had sailed with him on that distant day some two months previously , part of a population his home country no longer wished to accommodate .
some o tha snakes in this bloody country is deadly .
he was not concerned that they might attempt retribution during the night the natives in this new country seemed to have a fear of the night , and remained in their encampments until dawn .
i can only imagine what it would be like to live in another country , and learn another language and culture .
i must conquer one country at a time and amass a great and powerful army behind myself .
but if i quietly take a country here and another there and every small battle is a victory and i can use that success to rally more people to my flag .
the whole country will see it and will call it the burning candle of saint peter , said jack .
it is as if the angels had lived in your country , benedict and you are seeking god outside your heart , said verena .
each person had a guardian angel ; each country a patron saint protecting its people from evil .
he ca n't go gallivanting around the country . ''
every piece of england was like a foreign country to me , having seen nothing further than the windamere estate boundary , but in truth , there probably was n't much of the exotic about derbyshire or hampshire , cornwall or yorkshire .
i surely do hope that this entire part of the country is nt like that .
this ledger book has within it , a listing of all the homestead lands that became available after the mexicans gave up this part of the country .
what with it already getting late in the day , i m thinking our best option right now would be to make an early camp so you boys can properly tend them horses and those indians have time enough to ride off to wherever it is that heathens in this part of the country like to ride off to .
so , with that in mind i would say that we need to keep our eyes and ears open in case those mexican hombres have decided to make this part of the country their stomping grounds .
a fella outside said you d be the most likely person to ask whenever a fella needed some answers about the ways of this part of the country .
we do nt have much in common ... other than having the same set of parents , enjoy the same type of work , and have a driving desire to see folks settle this part of the country .
the only thing around this part of the country , that s worth the sweat off a fellas brow , is coal ... and lots of it .
you brought us here to what , judging from the looks of things , is surely your country .
in this part of the country , metallic usually meant a gun and he immediately spurred the mare into a ground - eating gallop .
in case he ca nt see the forest for the trees , he might want to have someone besides me remind him again that winters coming and its going to get about as cold as a well diggers tail feathers before it gets any warmer around this part of the country .
good friends are hard to come by in this part of the country .
they grew silent while they marveled at what had finally come to fruition as a result of their willingness to chuck what had been a meager but secure existence out on the kansas plains , and brave the unknown to what was truly gods country .
the duke arranged for the government to build this fort and pay for a garrison on the pretext that dangerous outlaws and jacobites infested the whole country .
the presbyterians in scotland were very pleased james had been deposed because they took over all the churches and manses in the country and threw out the episcopal ministers .
as you are familiar with this country we would count it an honour if you would take over the van of the army from lochiel .
there are none who know this country better than i. i am greatly honoured by your request and will gladly take the van .
why do you support a cruel tyranny , careless of your country and honour ? ''
he spoke of his intentions , to meddle in nothing , no further than to wait upon certain gentlemen in this country . ''
the life of a country at war had become as much a monotony as it could be .
` ` there are those in the army here with better knowledge of this country than us .
the tears flowed down their cheeks when they realised that their country duthaich nan gaidheal was now at the discretion of the duke of cumberland , and on the point of being plundered , while they and their children would be reduced to slavery and plunged without resource into a state of remediless distress .
glengyle had airily affirmed that his intentions were to ' midle in nothing noe furtheir than to wait upon certain gentlemen in this country ' , but jack campbell anticipated that civility .
and that as he lives in the neighbourhood of that country , he knows that none of them went with him to the north country .
and that as he lives in the neighbourhood of that country , he knows that none of them went with him to the north country .
the declarant afterward was engaged in the argyleshire militia and so had not occasion to be an eye - witness to any more in that country .
( declares he can not write ) eo : diejohn mcfarlan in inversnait declares that as to duncan blair in wester rouchoish he was never present to hear any threats or force us 'd against him but heard that all the country said so .
distinguishing , 1 ) , such as never were accessory to the rebellion ; 2 ) , such as by constraint were accessory to some act of rebellion and have since submitted to the kings mercy ; 3 ) , such as join 'd and marched out of the country with the army of the rebells or were present in any battle , but have since submitted ; 4 ) , such as joined and marched as aforesaid and have not submitted .
1 these who were never accessory to the rebellion john graham , younger of glengyle robert graham , his brother alex mcgregor a cottar in ruskenoch john mcgregor a cottar in ruskenoch gregor mcgreor a cottar in clachbuy pat mcgregor a subtenant in innerald robt mcgregor cottar in corriearclet malcolm mcgregor herd in ashlan duncan mcgregor subtenant in wester portnellan gregor mcgregor a cottar in comer 2 these who by constraint were accessory to some acts of the rebellion and have since submitted gregor mcgregor tenant in ruchoish alexr mcgregor tenant in caillness james mcgregor subtenant in ashlane dougal mcgregor tenant in letteray duncan mcgregor cottar in corriearclet john mcgregor cottar in easter portnellan alexr mcgregor cottar in cloichvraik 3 these who joined and march 'd out of the country with the rebell army and have since submitted hugh mcgregor subtenant in rouchoish malcolm mcgregor in corriearclet donald mcgregor subtenant in easter portnellan 4 these who joined the rebell army and have not submitted robert mcgregor subtenant in corriearclet john mcgregor in corriearclet james graham elder of glengyle james drummond subtenant in corriearclet we do nt remember of above five more of that name in all the rest of the duke of montrose 's estate .
you re a girl sam replied scornfully tilly pulled her arm away and said angrily i can shoot as well as any man and this is my country .
she just know that someone she would help him escape , maybe not back to his country but at least out of the area so that he would just be locked up as a pow .
meanwhile brenda , a nurse in london , has no idea ted has even left the country until she begins treating wounded wearing the same regimental insignia as ted .
it must have been very difficult for a german living in this country straight after the war finished .
the country was built for defence , not attack and she now understood why there were so many casualties .
the country was designed for defence and the germans made the most of it .
if asked by one of the germans he was as patriotic as the rest , but inside he knew he hated them for what they had done to his country .
the junior officer was new so he explained the cage is one of the most feared interrogation centres in the country .
by sundown , they had entered the valley that led up to the slopes of the first appalachian mountain range that divides the eastern coastal plains from the interior of the country .
they had joined the colonial militia , as had most of the young men in the area , out of a feeling of patriotism for their new country and because they hated the british .
he in turn billed the british at greatly marked up prices because , even at those inflated prices , the food and supplies were less expensive than importing them from england or other countries .
that way the british army could receive them at the dock as if they had arrived from england or another foreign country .
molly spoke german , but she preferred to speak english in her new country .
but your country is at stake , your wives , your houses and all that you hold dear .
if you will consent to stay only one month longer , you will render that service to the cause of liberty and to your country , which you probably never can do under any other circumstances , '' pleaded general washington , who paused and waited for any men to step forward .
the victory at trenton a few days ago has given our entire country heart , and to our fighting spirit ; it has provided a rallying cry to all the rebels in the colonies .
however , my message is that if the so called overmountain men do nt lay down their arms , i will march my army over the mountains , hang their leaders , and lay waste their country with fire and sword .
captain mackenzie , lets get this over with and rid the country of these vermin , said colonel sevier .
he went to serve our country two years ago , and he did nt come back , osprey smiled with a heavy weight upon his chest .
when you sign up , its for king and country .
he knows he s a coward , stealing a mans wife as he fights for their country .
it is with heavy yet proud heart that we come to tell you that your brother , he says to me , like he s singing a bach fugue , and your husband has made the ultimate sacrifice for his king and his country .
the ships passengers are mostly canadian soldiers , but from all over the country .
the war is over , and i will not have you gallivanting around the country trying to get yourself killed for some noble cause that made no sense in the first place .
such things were not necessary in the country where they did nt see people , and were considered luxuries which could not be afforded .
what brings you to this part of the country ?
wade was glad that as he had traveled to this country , he had no idea of the dangers that had surrounded him and had somehow avoided .
i have instigated a confrontation with my father , caused you to leave your family , quit school , and ride halfway around the country in search of me , when quite truthfully , i am not worthy of you nor your devotion .
i just rode halfway across the country to save her .
the house was uneasily quiet when he entered , but immediately , shouts of excitement could be heard across the country as his sister , cousins , his aunt , and his uncle rushed to meet him .
he loved this country where the trees sang and danced as the wind passed through them , coloring their leaves and laying soft beds around their trunks .
men across the country had suffered great blows at the hand of women , and he had to wonder if love , marriage , and passion were worth the prolonged agony that accompanied such devotion .
they arrived in charleston much later than he had imagined , and though louise had visited this city , he had never been in this large city that had been such a stronghold during the civil war , but had since become a major trading port in the country .
the irish celtic missionaries expanded their evangelism to neighbouring countries and eventually into what is now europe .
fergus thought for a moment and replied it is on the far side of the country sir , by the sea .
ah , but brother culann was a fianna warrior in the country they call eire ( ireland ) before he became a monk .
its not very good country .
i understood they came from a country across the sea , north of caledonia .
as abbot of lios mr i will determine , in consultation with you , brothers and sisters , the manner in which we conduct church affairs and spread the word of our lord to our parishioners throughout this country .
` ` i also would like to make a study of other non - greek countries -- thrace and macedonia , the cities of asia , egypt , and persia .
of course , the history of greece and other countries enlightens us about the character and motives of men .
it is the comparison of politics and government in the various cities and countries of the world and at various times .
his name is hermeias , and he s king of a small country in upper asia not far from the hellespont .
` ` why would i leave athens , '' exclaimed phidias , ` ` especially for a barbarian country in asia ?
besides , it was the country of his birth .
its a wonderful opportunity to mold the mind of a future king of a powerful country .
the macedonian army was composed of the nobles and free men of the country and in effect was its governing body .
the leaders of the country put aside his young nephew , and crowned philip king .
while his army was engaged that far north , the illyrians to the west of macedon seized the diversion and invaded that country .
` ` true , but i ' m afraid that you and some of your half - brothers would continue to plague me and my country if i spared you .
this is a vast country . ''
` ` egypt is a very ancient country .
part of that country on the other side of the indus river was ruled two centuries ago by the first darius .
we have campaigned in many strange countries and crossed mountains , deserts , and rivers .
this will not only relieve the pressure of feeding excess population , but diffuse some of the class warfare in our home country .
` ` yeah , '' added someone else , '' he should govern this barbarian country like he did macedon and thrace . ''
he had obtained a magnificently run country , that was rich in food and natural resources .
there are families all over the country that have loved ones in the fighting .
after all , they had no idea what part of the country joe might be in anyway .
she took a moment before answering , and then spat out in a fury that he had never suspected she could muster , the very idea that they permit that french maggot to live amongst decent people has always filled me with despair for our fair country .
he had long since decided to be forthright in explaining himself if the need arose , so he continued , my dear mother prevailed upon me to avoid your company , as her own father was slain in the conflict with your country when she was but a girl .
my country , hmm ?
but i think that she needs to see the man and not the country .
kato - sensei says that it is the duty of all boys to train hard so that they can perform at their highest level in support of their country and the emperor .
the photograph was a familiar one , as seen in most houses across the country since the start of the great war : a young man sitting bolt upright in his new , khaki uniform , well - shined brass buttons and soft cloth cap sporting the regimental badge , fresh from training and ready to make his way to the front lines of france and belgium .
south america , mrs hutchinson , a neutral country a long , long way from the war , here , there , or frankly anywhere .
but these young troopers were armed with nothing more sinister than notebooks , which they held at the ready with pencils sharpened to write down the numbers of the midland railway 's finest steam engines as they passed through derby midland railway station , en route to all corners of the country , ferrying those whose journeys were truly necessary .
all were clad in long overcoats in their standard shades of dull grey and brown , sported by all on the platform and perhaps the entire country on that day .
it 's my country , my home , and i have to play my part .
ah , flattery will get you nearly everywhere , ben - san , but your good hosts are native spanish speakers and this is a spanish speaking country .
the fact that you are from japan is not an issue for me though i know that it would be if anyone in our native countries were to find out .
we can get the references sorted out between us and then send word home through the proper channels that you are signed up for king and country .
it had taken just a few minutes in the company of the mother country 's elite and he was now back in his pigeonhole .
alright , conceded ben , perhaps i do n't sound like leslie howard , and i might well have grown up in d h lawrence country , but i ' ve proved my worth as an engineer and i 'll prove my worth as a pilot , too .
gave me a bit of a talking to for that , but i could hardly help but enjoy the sights this really is the most beautiful country that i have ever seen .
he would fight for japan and show the western bullies that his country was strong .
they found a quiet bistro and settled in , fully aware that they were strangers in town and had a responsibility to behave and not disgrace their ship or their country .
these young people will need to fight for their country , soon , and if you can not give them the skill and discipline that they need for the coming battle , then i shall do it myself !
the emperor , it said , was ' a living god who rules our country with the benevolent wishes of his imperial founder and his other imperial ancestors . '
he had found a peace and serenity in this country that possibly eclipsed that of the pampas , perhaps because the british cultural heritage allowed him to assimilate himself so easily , whilst both countries shared a farming heritage , plenty of space in which to relax and a wonderfully calm state of mind .
he had found a peace and serenity in this country that possibly eclipsed that of the pampas , perhaps because the british cultural heritage allowed him to assimilate himself so easily , whilst both countries shared a farming heritage , plenty of space in which to relax and a wonderfully calm state of mind .
this upbringing and education , which are very thorough and consistent , tend to make him obedient , loyal , ready to endure and if necessary to die , with great love for his country and very strong sense of duty .
so there you are , hutch , both our fathers went out to fight for king and country , to ' do their bit ' , and for what ?
each flight over japan was a chance to find that spec , but this was a large country and there were so many other places to search .
levin shrugged and steered the truck out of the docks as just one of a long train of vehicles that were en route to setting up new bases as japan prepared to become an occupied country for the first time in its history .
did she know , therefore , that he had spent three days searching the west country for her ?
* * * * * * * * * judith hummed the tune , the joys of the country .
i did not have the bottom to cross to greece since there is so much civil unrest in that country .
it would be the king 's desire to steady the country as well as defeat our nemesis , but we can not decide who we must turn against and whom we must befriend .
if this war endures between england and france you may have to fight for your life and your country .
i say that we have the evidence before us that england knows how to raise its men and to broaden , not only their shoulders , but their heart so that they might bear the burden of our country .
this man is from france , am i to understand that you are a native to that country also ?
england is my land , my country , now .
the stalwart sir chavelle de chaumont of the house of cousteau of the country of france .
he came from a country near germany .
what is your name and country ?
no , why should i leave my country to follow you ?
has to go all over north america to make deals with other big shots and then he goes overseas because the big shots here need to make sure big shots in other countries are n't gon na prevent them from making buckets full of money .
being that japan was basically a buddhist country , there were hundreds of sects , and everyone was a member of one or another .
after all , if buddhism were true , why would there be such disorder in a buddhist country ?
helping the people and the country was nt their priority .
at the end of world war ii , japan was a totally devastated country .
one day in 1960 , after daisaku ikeda had been inaugurated as the third president of the sokagakkai , he decided to fly to america and start to spread nichiren buddhism outside the little island country of japan .
are nt you leaving the country tomorrow and have errands to do ?
he d sampled the pleasures of many high profile courtesans and opera singers in the country , some even from other countries .
he d sampled the pleasures of many high profile courtesans and opera singers in the country , some even from other countries .
her first taste of romance and she had to go and find the most unattainable bachelor in the country .
originally from norfolk , the girls had been begging to see the city of bath , one of the largest in the country .
the attendant told them that there is a country called portugal far away towards the west .
there was a sovereign ruler who was controlling a country which was claimed to be full of gold .
the ships would go up to kanyakumari , the southernmost point of the country .
sometimes valuable news took months to reach another part of the country .
in the past rulers like genghis khan , mahmud of ghazni have killed thousands innocent people in our country .
the ship would reach the southernmost part of the country , cape comorin ( modern day kanya kumari ) , where bay of bengal , indian ocean and the arabian sea meet one another .
they were aware of his capabilities and surajs support could have helped them to grow their territory beyond few places of the western coast of the country .
for suraj , getting communications from various parts of the country was easy because of the shipping business .
you ca nt get justice as long as emperor jahangir is the ruler of the country , sher khan started to unveil his plan as suraj looked at him with surprise , and you know there is no power in the country which can dislodge the mighty mughals .
you ca nt get justice as long as emperor jahangir is the ruler of the country , sher khan started to unveil his plan as suraj looked at him with surprise , and you know there is no power in the country which can dislodge the mighty mughals .
they also know the geography of the country exceptionally well , and the language is on their side .
they want to make the whole country their territory .
one thing i do nt understand , suraj continued again , if portuguese is so powerful and want to colonise the entire country , why are nt they attacking the mughals and occupying their empire ?
but mughals have adopted our country as their motherland and have virtually no relationship with the land of their origin .
were you so impressed by them that you thought they might one day rule over the country ?
you do nt know , there are other players as well who are dreaming to establish colonies in this country .
portugal is just one european country , satyanand explained , obviously there are other european countries there , and some of them are planning to come to india for trade .
so i guess they all will aim to colonise this country , partially or wholly .
that s good , suraj said with a bright smile , they will spend all their energy fighting with one another and ca nt conquer this country .
afghan and mughal rulers could conquer our country because there was no unity among our rulers .
one thing you should try to observe , satyanand brought another compelling point , never remain in the impression that afghans conquered our country because of great unity among them .
if possible use your ships to transport goods to other european countries like england , holland and france .
his last advice to him was still ringing in his ears , go to european countries and understand their system .
we visited the capitol and fredericksburg , depicting the darkest days of our country .
i fought for freedom for you and the children and other slaves all over this country .
hopefully our fight will win freedom for every black man woman and child in this great country .
it was an accent that told him shed probably been in the new country since she was a girl , the scots of home being almost foreign in her ear .
when archie left ballarat he had been aware of a groundswell of industrial revolution , as there was in every industrialised country , but in new zealand the federation of labour had taken the argument to a more regimented level with their links to the industrial workers of the world .
unions up and down the country do nt know which way is up at the moment .
miss bell , there are many things i ve overlooked and perhaps come to live with in the transition from one country to another but i simply do not like fanny playing outside without her shoes .
in this country , mary continued , we do nt have snakes or spiders or scorpions .
in this country we let our children go to school without shoes in defiance of old country impositions .
she made sense , explained the ways of this new country .
this was nt surprising given that mine owners , indeed , miners had not long come out from the home country .
we are already forty days into our strike , he said , and we have the backing of unions up and down the country .
as we speak the federation is organising public meetings up and down the country .
when we win industrial relations in this country will change forever .
waihi is either the most protected or the most fearful town in the whole country .
isabelle and i , we can speak all over the country .
the waihi strikers have the support of the whole country .
if i ca nt join you ill be writing for the maoriland worker and writing letters to the editor to every newspaper in the country .
he echoed the position of the federation of labour that had been trumpeted all over the country in the last few days : that the strikers who had been brought by the police before a class biased magistrate had done right in preferring imprisonment to a gag .
you have the support of three thousand stood here before you and a hundred times that number up and down the country .
my men , on your behalf , have tirelessly traipsed the country from the cape to the bluff putting across your plight and seeking financial support .
you have witnessed history , for never before in this country has a man had to pay with his life for the chance to better his working conditions .
i can tell you now however , that he stated yesterday to the press that most of our wives and children have made it out and that the federation is committed to seeing justice done for those who have been outlawed from this country and belted out of our homes .
he started thinking that the girl might find the law or some other men and they had best be clearing out of the country .
there are bands of men all over this country , trying to get home , and most of them are good men but not all .
yes , maam , but i m sorry to say there s still some really bad folks running around.this part of the country and believe it or not , its not yankee soldiers .
the war had not touched this part of the country as it had arkansas and louisiana , and some of the people looked sullenly at dans union uniform .
paul continued smiling , i m looking for five men that have been looting , raping , and killing all across the country .
he was twenty two years old and had endured four years of the most brutal civil war the country had ever known .
even though the actual fighting had not touched this part of the country , the war had left its mark on the land .
what could she have been thinking to leave her home and move to this country she knew nothing about ?
beth was a little embarrassed that she had ridden sixty miles with the gentleman and she had not even gotten his name or asked what he was doing in this part of the country .
what part of the country are you from ?
believe i would enjoy that , johnny , maybe you could give me some information about this country , sam replied .
but since that time he had been made a prisoner of his own country for refusing to take an order , and his political views and loyalties had faded and finally disappeared in the more immediate struggle to stay alive .
since the time parkman had saved ben 's life and taken him under his wing , they had lived off parkman 's dwindling bankroll because ben had no money , and parkman had taught ben many things that he would need to know to live in this western country that they were entering .
in the thick forests and swamps back home , ben thought , it might have been different , but ridge obviously knew more about getting around in this sort of country , and ben was satisfied with following .
he never had the chance to become the kind of man that this country takes .
this country 's filled with people who never had anything in their lives but hardship and suffering and disappointments , but the best of them have just learned to be more determined to make good lives for themselves because of it . ''
there 's a lot of opportunities for a man out in this part of the country if he 's got the stuff to get it .
they built a massive tower , as high as any minaret in the country .
he did not address the fact that he fled the country in fear of his life due to political infighting .
berengaria was a princess of navarre , a country he fought with many times , but now he must time put those differences aside .
it started in my home country of castile .
its good to see other parts of the country .
women all over the country do this sort of thing all the time .
did his country still exist ?
shed never been beyond brussels and now shed have to travel to another country .
luc and mille would return to the belgian army and chase the germans from her country .
just roust the germans from our country by christmas .
i can keep them both safe under my roof , and they will be of service to both king and country .
his country was relatively new on the world stage .
the country we just left .
such a lovely country !
were off to the northwest part of the country .
immigrating is when you go to another country , moving is when you move to the other side of town .
then its still called moving because you re still in your own country .
were in a foreign country , you do nt speak the language ... okay ?
they d better have left the country ...
the rugged mountains were also a natural haven for the wildest collection of bandits , back - shooters , renegades , and runaways in the country .
this is gold country . ''
i had to get a man from somewhere , and they have this mail - order matrimony service going on , matching people up all over the country .
how many women in this country got married like this ?
if that s what this country is coming to , then were all in big , big trouble .
that tiny country had collapsed almost without a fight , and the duchies of schleswig and holstein had been added to the growing territories controlled by prussia .
he found the perfect opportunity bullying a small country .
he saw to it that prussia and austria spoke out for the interests of the german citizens of these duchies , and launched a quick , successful , war against the unfortunate and ill prepared country of denmark .
south of avallon , in the city of lyons the griondins who still had heads on their shoulders , finally gained control of the town and began to impose a degree of regional autonomy that the jacobins felt would break the country apart .
` ` nothing , '' he was told , ` ` the saint was visiting the country of his birth , which is only right , but one day he must return to where god sent him .
austrians were incensed by their russian ` ` allies '' who treated them with disrespect , sneered at their losses and looted their country .
i am now part of the great british army , ready to do my part for the country .
at around half past midday on saturday the 6th october 1914 we left for calais , where we would fight for our country , for the protection of our allies and our people .
now go out there and fight for your country .
` ` one day the texas rangers got on our trail , an ' when we got to the rio grande river , they jus ' kept comin ' like they did n't know they was crossin ' into another country .
` ` by then i 'd seen them rangers was out after my hide , an ' i decided there was n't nothin ' to do but get the hell clean outa that part of the country .
wealthier than the other regions of the country , conscious of its sophistication and proud of its higher level of educationall of these factors encouraged the people of orifinre to regard themselves as a cut above their fellow kerinians .
years later , someone who knew about these things told jina that the style of the belt showed that it was made in bakuel , a country that lay on the great plains somewhere far to the south of upper kerina .
vaxili had enough sense to see that he had to put his stamp on the country as soon as possible so he began his reign by visiting the major towns of kerina to introduce himself and his programmes .
the village elders told them that the attack took place about half an hours travel to the west at a place where the country became more broken and rugged before the escarpment tumbled down to the great river .
more importantly , from gandonda the roads fanned out towards the rich wheat fields , mines , and forests of the distant countries to the south - west of kerina .
but now the country beyond it seemed to be shrouded and threatening , requiring ever more effort and ever more wariness as they picked their way across it chapter twenty - one : time to settle down jina recognised him immediately , the moment he entered the room .
the congress of the united states granted you public land as a token of americas appreciation to you as an american veteran for your service to your country , is this correct ?
the one next - door quarters the rebel officers or officers country as the inmates refer to it , and the third is north of the prison compound ; this facility houses the galvanized rebels .
we have but one slender railroad to bring us supplies , and i fear the supplies are not in the country to be had .
no , it ca nt be the boys , but again she looks , that has to be kentucky lead , there has never been a dog in this country that looks like him !
ill tell you what shell say : shell say , why luke scarburg , you ve done gone and married the prettiest girl in this whole country !
sam had the fear they were now in this part of the country .
she said she knew the country has been heatedly divided over the past four years between those of the north and those of the south .
it will take time before it is over in our hearts and minds , but we must now work together to heal not only the south , but also the country as a whole .
the united states of america is our country now , both north and south must work as one .
with the whole country growing and building all over the place , and with the railroads scattering out new tracks every whiehaway , our days as a rail's - end boomtown have to be numbered .
elise is a brilliant woman and she has traveled extensively for a canadian ( meaning she had seen at least two countries other than france ) , so in the end , she just seemed to accept that i had a strange cultural need to get dirty .
at this point i was about seven weeks into a course on u.s . history that had been designed by a canadian whose knowledge of the u.s . consisted of having once flown over the country on his way to france .
for better , they protect the western flank of the country .
when i had first arrived in the country , the reaction was generally , who invited the foreigner ?
for more than a year part of the country had gone off in a direction that surprised and scared people .
it hurts to see our country divided .
most other people were unhappy since the country was in the midst of a crisis .
there was a huge void in my understanding of this country , and that void was due west .
how do you declare a part of your country safe or unsafe ?
neither country having ever invaded , the road mostly supplied ski resorts , but at least it served some purpose .
people in other parts of the country were referring to it as the sioux massacre and the social media universe was alive with messages about the martyrs .
in exchange for talking with you and leaving the country , we agreed there would be no charges .
i am not ready to die for my country , and i certainly will not die in this sad little town .
good i just want to make the legal issues clear to you , since you are from a foreign country .
i doubt i will ever understand genetic engineering , but i had fun imagining elise walking through the crops , listening to scientists , making friends for her country .
in any case , my graduate students were doing pretty good work , and were getting used to the idea that maybe the u.s . was not the worst country in the world and had a history worth studying .
this was one of the largest and most well - provisioned and well - staffed bases in the country .
if it had been louisiana , the problem might have been seen as just one more provocation from an extreme corner of the country .
he was my first priority as with him , i at least had transportation , and he had saved me from the hot deserts in comanche country .
i was truly on my own for the time being , but safer than i had been back in comanche country , and at least i had a fresh water resource with the rio grande river near by .
he was a salesman formerly from of all places , new york city across the country .
turns out she had come here from new york on the eastern coast of the country and was working in town at a general store doing cleanup work .
some of the pinups were signed by the models themselves for our brave boys fighting for our country .
in my country , we do nt often have such quakes but have tornadoes instead .
back in the 20s , as my uncle told me , we had prohibition in my country .
i love my country but i m not blind to its faults and shortcomings .
i owe it to my country , my family .
its an honor to die for your country and the emperor .
instead , the whole world is in shambles and my poor country will not recover from it .
he himself had a travel permit that allowed him limited travel in the district but it startled him that hideki had such wide ranging authorization even to leave the country .
at least in the country they do ; i have no idea what goes on in the cities .
hideki was pleased with himself : he had talked his way across an occupied country .
this is gods country , made to be white and christian .
they re saying that in twenty years every second home in the country will have one .
in the name of progress and modernization , our president porfirio diaz , actually a dictator , had sold my country out to the highest bidder because mestizos and indios no longer owned the land that had been in their families for ages but often without paperwork to prove it .
so much was happening in my country that i could nt help but expect explosions from all around me .
my father wants the family to leave the country .
tina , well be in another country , he explained .
what would we do in another country with no money ?
ill be away from my family , in a foreign country , and with people who have always mistreated me while my own country is in the middle of change and needs me .
ill be away from my family , in a foreign country , and with people who have always mistreated me while my own country is in the middle of change and needs me .
i could nt abandon my country when it needed me the most .
my country was in the throes of a necessary chaos .
its my country too .
i wish there was another way to get our country back , he stated after a particular brutal battle .
that philandering , slick skunk who had tried to sweet talk me so long ago arrived at camp declaring he was ready to fight for his country and be a hero .
weel , hen , if you ve forgotten aboot it , ye must be the only one in the whole country .
well have to see about getting the children away back to the safety of the country .
since the evacuees return from the country one thing puzzled becky and it finally got to the point where she felt she had to discuss it with ewan .
apart from the evacuation upset right at the beginning and the odd broken window , they and their children had been spared the heartache and the utter horror which had blighted so many lives in different countries over the course of the conflict .
` ` is your country named after the huge fish ? ''
mrs . jenney , tired of the tears , and desperate for a solution , suddenly remembered that miss vivian hartwell , the postmaster 's daughter , had traveled to france , and was well versed in the language and customs of that country .
savannah pomroy , who did n't open her mouth to utter a trained word , suddenly is an entire country , all on her own , and an important one at that .
the child , perhaps three or four years old , put out his little hand to me and said , general lafayette , i thank you for the freedom that you have won for my father , my mother , for me , and for my country .
the common cause , of which you have been a zealous supporter , would , i knew , be benefitted by general greene 's presence at rhode island , as he is a native of that state , has an interest with the people , and a thorough knowledge of the country , and , therefore , i accepted his proffered services ; but i was a little uneasy , lest you should conceive that it was intended to lessen your command .
i wanted to get into the growth of green bay and its gradual assumption as capital of a united country , i wanted to do some history of westward exploration by the jolliets , and i wanted to include some early trading between the colony of canada ( new france ) and the louisiana colony .
i love you and my country .
my own country was playing a role in this , or at least some people in the country were playing a role .
my own country was playing a role in this , or at least some people in the country were playing a role .
he did say that there were good things you could do for your country while in green bay , and he would make sure you were recognized later for your efforts .
dad , i love my country , but i do nt trust dodson , and i certainly do nt trust his lackey david starr .
i hope you appreciate the situation your country is in .
i really do like having one very big country .
with luck , and with your help , we will find the key that holds this country together .
these are challenging times for our country , and the burden on our leaders is great .
as kaskaskia grew , claude thought it should be the capital , since it was about in the middle of the country .
whatever might be going on in the rest of the country , here people strolled among the shops and lingered over meals .
let them argue the future of the country where i lived .
trade in corn and squash had become trade in so many things that two colonies had become one country .
elise thanked everyone for their hard work and diligence and for their contributions to their country .
and to her country .
basically , the country was broken in the middle .
they needed to block traffic or reroute traffic all over the country .
the country ran fine on that number before , and it will run fine after this mess is cleaned up .
would calling up the reserves precipitate the war the country had been avoiding for the past two years ?
st . denis knew that the past two summers , including this one , had been harsh all around this part of the country .
this part of the country was no longer a secret .
we would only do this if you grant us the permission to do so and allow us into your country once again .
it is not my country anymore , natchitos replied .
natchitos lit a fire on the banks of the cane and spoke to the tribe , these are the waters of our country .
she thought about her new job in the library at salem state collegehumanities i liaison , go - to person for english studies , well worth the move across the country .
he abandoned everything and everyone he knew in london for a precarious journey across a dangerous ocean to an undiscovered country .
` ` the talk is that the oregon trail is none too safe these days , what with all the indian country it passes through .
` ` the territory is being taken over by outsiders from the east whose only true interest in this part of the country has to do with the particular misguided and radical point they are trying to make .
it was hard to imagine any man living in this part of the country not owning at least one firearm , and few if any would hesitate a second to use their guns in defense of themselves , their families , their homes , or their beliefs .
` ` and i also ' member finding out later that charles ai n't the only brother you got in this part of the country .
half the rumors we ' ve tried to run down have disappeared like smoke , and it 's been months since we ' ve come across any real evidence that he 's in this part of the country or even that he 's still alive .
` ` my advice is to haul your worthless hides off to some other part of the country where nobody knows what sorry curs you are . ''
such cellars were common in this part of the country , serving double duty as storm shelters and root cellars for food storage .
over time my interest in the tumultuous history of this area grew , and when i began to sell my westerns to various publishers , i set a new goal of writing a series set on my home turf , featuring a family like mine might have been back in the tumultuous times when this part of the country was first being settled .
this was a country that needed a few more bridges , and maybe some more miles of highway .
the country was just two months past a national disaster when the river got dammed up at kaskaskia , so i knew i should have been pleased to get any food , and pleased that traffic was moving at all .
the point was to get them out of the country because they had been complaining about the oil rig they were working on - no safety , no permits , no inspections .
i could see why that town would be attractive to you as you studied the early trading patterns of the country .
why would you blame your countrymen rather than a bunch of pretend warriors from a pretend country ?
did the government even have an obligation to pay pensions to people who now felt they lived in a different country ?
presumably there would be a third and fourth if the country lasted more than a few days .
something is happening in your country , and we have nt figured it out yet .
i would suggest you come home to philadelphia , but something odd is going on over here , and you might actually be safer in a foreign country , although it hurts me badly to say that .
he really wants to sail to france , to see the home country .
but how was it one party , and a minority party at that , could be drafting a constitution for a new country ?
essentially they had a line across the country from the appalachians to the rockies .
it was one thing to know people were sitting in a room and talking about creating a new country .
lastly , he asked me to read these words to you : citizens of southland , pray for your country .
should people who had voted for other parties the majority of louisianans be huddling some place plotting to retake their country ?
she was out on the plaza and ... well , now i need to leave the country .
maybe he will use the time to get out of the country .
` ` we are here to celebrate the lives of eighteen heroes -- eighteen men and women who thought of their country first , and spent their final hours pursuing the dreams of their countrymen .
there were some obligatory comments about how the lna was still guarding the border to ensure no terrorists used this opportunity to get into the country , but it was hard to imagine how you spotted terrorists going by at one hundred kilometers an hour .
we will have a general meeting of people from around the country , and we will talk .
you just move along the river , and ultimately most of the country is yours .
andrees did nt want louisiana to be part of the u.s . , he wanted it to be part of his own country southland .
the thought was they would sell the arms and use the money to leave the country .
is my country going to be hurt ?
before we talk about the people we want to be and the country we want to have , let us begin as gatherings have begun for centuries .
he loved you all , and he loved his country .
the assistants had put labels over each of the requirements , and we discovered that at least according to them , twenty seven different things had to be done for the country to be saved .
table of contents chapter one : an unexpected meeting chapter two : truth in a tea shop chapter three : a choice of suitors chapter four : families have their say chapter five : news from abroad chapter six : a visit to the country chapter seven : a proposal and a proposition chapter eight : a christmas present say it with flowers free sample of farewell to kindness other books by jude knight connect with jude knight chapter one : an unexpected meeting tha wants to talk to min about they chairs , said the man in the office , and directed candle avery to the far corner of the carriage - makers yard .
and finding her again may mean choosing between his country and his woman .
the country was not even twenty years old when she was born .
there were robbers throughout tennessee , and , heck , throughout the entire young country .
during those early years , there was often a sense of were all in this together as colonists struggled to survive in a wild , new country .
2 every country has at least one city that serves as a doorway for the rest of the world .
there is a strong nationalist movement in my country , especially among the military .
his greatest insult of all was when he said , my country is no longer in africa , and we are now a part of europe .
because i live in a country where most of the people are moslem .
although khedive tewfiq sided with the british he would not flee his country as his benefactors pleaded with him to do so .
meanwhile , his daughter would be safely removed from the many temptations that surrounded her in egypt and could grow accustomed to the strange land that she had only heard of and read about , turkey , the country necat believed to be the best on earth .
i would nt be at all surprised if coffee has surpassed tea as the refreshment of choice in your country .
in less than two years he transformed the country by organizing the soldiers into strategically located garrisons , breaking up the slave trade , and setting up relations with the neighboring ugandan king .
he trumpeted his utopia as a prototype that would rapidly spread throughout america and transform the young country .
his speech to the new residents of the town that he owned contained platitudes for the idealistic : i am come to this country to introduce an entire new state of society , to change it from an ignorant , selfish system to an enlightened social system which shall gradually unite all interests into one , and remove all cause for contests between individuals .
once again it was not european countries armies that he must deal with .
its a free country , right ?
you can take the girl out of the country but you ca nt take the country out of her .
i am blaming the government of australia who sent us there without protection and most of all i blame those american bastards who dropped spray all over the country to poison the trees and did not give a damn if they poisoned all the people and animals who lived there as well .
they were living in a country racked with suspicion as elizabeth restored the protestant views of her father , henry viii .
and that is why the good citizens of this area , and indeed , people all across this wonderful country of ours can go about their duties knowing full well that men such as you are providing protection from our mortal enemies .
i am intrigued about the country and its people , the influence and impact catholicism has on it , and its involvement with england , said kyd , as if he had been asked this question many times before and was tired of answering it , perhaps even defending it .
it required taking lurching ships across rough and dangerous seas , and slugging it out on primitive overland travel through strange countries , just to get there .
certainly not from the melancholy moment in time when she was just twelve and her career - soldier father was killed while doing his duty for queen and country , and church and god , on a foreign battlefield .
samuel , i am but a simple showman who has plied his trade around the villages of this fine country of ours in order to bring a little joy into the hearts of the good citizens of its far - flung rural corners .
the cry was picked up by dock - workers and sailors as the mighty entourage , minus the big fellow who waved from the gate , wended its way down to a resplendent barque once used by raleigh to sail to the new country and recently bought and re - fitted by walsingham .
good morning , gentlemen , here i am yet again , right on time , as requested , presenting my good self in the best of health , to reassure the agents of the privy council , her gracious majesty and all that she surveys that i have not left the country , or worse still , decamped to scotland , where it is so cold , how they wear those little kilts and nothing warming their crown jewels i will never know , and how are you today , sir , the keeper of the report book , my god , you call that a wig , it looks like a dead stoat fixed to your scalp shakespeare began to smile at the image .
it wintered in the warmer climates and is returning to the northern country to start a new family .
the czar believes russia needs a city that is equal to , or better than , the other great european cities ; russia is a backward country , and people refer to it as a peasant land .
they both knew that it was a necessary fight ; after all the country was at war .
the islanders continued to live together peacefully while the rest of the country was falling apart around them .
do n't you know anything of the rest of the country ?
this was a long time to be sitting , without action , exposed in this empty country .
he 'd force the pace , and change horses at clevsin and curtun , and at the waystations if he could ; vipienas ' golden token was good over the whole country , for everyone knew the wealth of velx .
a dog somewhere barked , far past the agora , perhaps in the country beyond , and went unanswered .
tarquinius ' wars had stirred up the neighbouring countries ; but all - conquering rome was bankrupt .
a new etruria perhaps it was the old one , the country that her mother 's tales had woven for her , or perhaps the old great etruria had never existed , was only a dream , even for the rulers of its greatest city and their daughter .
it was a magic that always worked from the high places , like looking down from a pass to the plains ahead , the new country that spread out in front like a promise , even though no country ever had lived up to , or could live up to , the promise of that moment .
it was a magic that always worked from the high places , like looking down from a pass to the plains ahead , the new country that spread out in front like a promise , even though no country ever had lived up to , or could live up to , the promise of that moment .
he thought about it , and asked phoenicians about the rocks in their country , and started splitting rocks and looking at them , and then a few months later off he set , and found a dried up waterfall , and flakes of gold in the dust .
the vestal saw men as if they lived in a foreign country , from a great distance ; but tanaquil lived in their world , and in tarchna , at least , and velzna , the world of men and women had n't been a world of iron and treachery , their relations defined by rape and murder .
a copy of the universal history against the pagans , such as i need , can not be procured in this book - poor country , because with my failing eyesight it is impossible for me to read small , abbreviated script .
` ` is nubia a rich country ? ''
there s no mercy in the boys running the country now .
the yankees had already won the war , ravaging the country in the process .
in time the word angles mutated via such words as anglii , englisc to english and the country became england .
other stories were told of how our people had come from a country across the sea to conquer this land and make it our own .
i never expected to leave the valley , you know , cuthbert said , and here we are attacking another country .
much good it will do him : i will burn his little country and make him pay .
my country !
i ' ve never felt deira was my country .
not aedann , as i had thought , but hussa : hussa who carried some of the amber treasure as reward for the betrayal of his country .
he asked , what has my country done for me ?
large parts of the country passed from the domination of one race to a completely different one .
then why oh , why will a once flourishing people not arise , phoenix - like over the cinders of martin van burens power , and over the sinking fragments of smoking ruins of other catamount politicians , and over the windfalls of benton , calhoun , clay , wright , and a caravan of other equally unfortunate law doctors , and cheerfully help to spread a plaster and bind up the burnt , bleeding wounds , of a sore but blessed country ?
come , together we will rid this country of cronyism , pettifoggery , and slavery !
i tell you , this campaign of brother josephs is taking fire across the length and breadth of the country , lorenzo said excitedly .
your legion could enforce your will on this country by force of arms , if ye but spake the word .
the whigs operate pretty much the same way , only they mostly run the western half of the country , while we works the east .
we ve run the country this way , from this very room since aaron burr was here , an were not about to pitch it all an bow an scrape before some self - styled prophet from illinois !
i do it out of necessity , for my people and my country .
or are you truly motivated by love for your country , as you claim ?
another which no doubt will be very congenial to the candidates nervous system , is to open all the prison doors in the country , and set the captive free .
just three years ago , my brother hyrum wrote to you , commanding you to come away , to pay out no moneys , nor properties for houses , nor lands in this country , for if you did you would lose them .
marr continued his plea : the said plaintiff , chism , is not a citizen o the state of missouri , as alleged in his declaration , because he is a negro of african descent ; his ancestors were of pure african blood , an were brought into this country an sold as negro slaves , an this the said benton is ready to verify .
no sir , they were born free in africa , then impressed into slavery and brought to this country against their will .
captain smith , we are peaceable citizens of this state and country , and we have a perfect right to vote for whomever we please .
there must be at least a thousand town - square armies across this country , of fifty or a hundred minutemen , most of whom do nt know which end of a musket to hold onto !
gentlemen , try to see past mr . smiths pculiar religious views , an look rather at what he could do for our cause , and how he could heal this country plitically !
he s left the country , gone back to sweden i presume , said stockton .
i would equally as soon go to that country without an act of congress as with , and in five years a noble state might be formed ; and then if they would not receive us into the union , we would have a government of our own .
it has accordingly been again argued by counsel , and considered by the court ; and i now proceed to deliver its opinion : a free negro of the african race , whose ancestors were brought to this country and sold as slaves , is not a citizen within the meaning of the constitution of the united states .
he led the assembled sailors in admiral nelsons prayer , given at trafalgar just 40 years previous : may the great god , whom i worship , grant to my country and for the benefit of europe in general , a great and glorious victory : and may no misconduct , in any one , tarnish it : and may humanity after victory be the predominant feature in the british fleet .
for myself individually , i commit my life to him who made me and may his blessing light upon my endeavours for serving my country faithfully .
` ` i ' m sure you have many beautiful women back in your country , marco teased .
ill never get used to the beauty of this country .
who ever would ve thought that it would take five months to cross this country .
i ve traveled this whole country believing in the power of love to protect and guide me .
i miss my country .
they realized they had to get to nagasaki , the only port in japan where foreigners were permitted to live , much less come and go , and so they began their epic journey down the length of the country , in heavy disguise under the protection of a hired warrior with a name audley found unpronounceable .
out in the middle of nowhere in a foreign country ?
i will say that we my cousin and i utterly failed to convince him to open the country of japan to foreigners , obviously .
he had nt missed the country so much when he moved to paris from valgones to pursue his career , but he d been running towards , not away .
he reasoned that if the templars had had prior knowledge of the arrests , they would at least have gotten the grand master out of the country .
hell not care for philips ranting or the popes for that matter , he has his country to think of and we have our race .
de floyran knows that with templars incarcerated here and there all over the country , he can not maintain fail - safe security and what happened at montlhry will have pointed that out to him like a lance through the balls .
you are all welcome in my country .
some other templars , who were mere servants and not of the supernatural race , remained in various prisons throughout the country .
the papacy has no idea what has been going on within walled baileys across the country .
taunton guards the way from cornwall to the middle of the country , and bridgwater does the same .
reports from other parts of the country were depressing .
after all , in spite of its position astride the roads , dorchester was hardly important enough in the country as a whole to warrant the time and expense of a long siege .
though i suppose , he said , things can yet turn around , and the whole country swing to parliament again .
but as i mentioned earlier , there were not supposed to be any such in our part of the country at present .
if you have nt noticed , this country is at war .
the loyalists defending the country ( who included geoffrey plantagenet , henrys second bastard son ) , were able to hold their own in most of the midlands but when the count of flanders made public his plan to personally invade england in retaliation for his brothers death , they sent messengers to the king , begging him to return .
and being part of a small group of foreigners living in a formerly hostile country made him feel all the more keenly his obligation to them .
were hardly in the middle of civilized country , richard ; if a man ca nt do his job , it could mean death for all of us !
wales is a beautiful country , but my daughter has been running wild since her birth and needs to learn the language and customs of her native culture .
not a farm , not a village , not a fishers cot in sight ; what a vast , empty country this must be .
many of the southerners left for california , some to other countries , so discouraged were they after the fall of charleston .
she shut her eyes , remembering her mother and fathers visions of the country they were born in and how they stumbled over the rocky green wavy hills , as water came down from the rocks , causing their eyes to blink at its brightness .
it is a beautiful country .
she wondered if going back to her home country would produce a worthy husband and father for her child .
i hear bricklayers and builders are coming in from all parts of the country to work .
this would be her country now and she must acquaint herself with their language and customsmany of them she already knew .
workers from parts all around the country had come to help charlestonians rebuild and the timing was perfect .
she was gazing at the stars and wondering how many people had crossed this vast body of water and how amazing it was that one could visit countries back and forth .
where are you going , and why are you , foreigners , in our country ? ''
substantially constructed , the houses indicated a degree of wealth here that had not been evident in the interior areas of the country that the little party had traversed .
with his not inconsiderable knowledge gleaned from his early studies , and life spent in countries from asia to scandinavia , polonius knew more than any of the varangians about the science of combat , although he was the first to admit that he was no fan of war , nor even very personally proficient in its practise .
i just feel a little guilty that my homeland may be in danger while i travel the length and breadth of far - away lands ; helping the cousins of my country 's foe .
we will cross in peace , and be out of your country in less than a week . ''
` ` the great khan will agree to a peace treaty , guaranteeing that we will not again invade your country . ''
we have something great of our own to talk about , an opportunity to be a part of the expansion of this growing country , to make our own place in history .
trains travel much faster than the stages which used to come through this part of the country before either of us was born .
he left john the parricide , slack - legged and hunched in front of the age - blackened shack , a man with no country and no god .
unlike the hard - packed desert ground in outremer , the grassy slopes in this country muffled the sounds of approaching footsteps .
it was mostly natural vampires attacking men as they fought for the fate of the country .
maybe , once he found toby , the two of them could manage to get passage out of the country and find asylum in another land .
the bradfords loved to entertain , and important folks from all over the country would come to visit .
torn between duty to country and responsibility to the future of humankind , they leaked certain information to the general public using the fictional character method .
i called in this morning and leblanc told me that its all across the country .
well , when my parents left korea when i was ten to come to your messed up country , of course no one could say my name .
he would ask the other vampire to use jacksons credit cards around the area , making it appear as if jackson had fled to this part of the country .
luke knew that guy could n't be trusted ( even if he did successfully transport the wright 's belongings across the country ) .
my dad 's family has been there since before america was a country .
if luke had known and had been in charge of the padres ' defense , he would have procured enough guns to supply the army of a small country .
i saw your family move across the country , and i saw you meet jan first . ''
first , all over the country , then all over the world , searching for something .
from the carolina 's to california , it was like all the country was taking a turn straight to hell .
there is no news from north korea , there is never any news from that country so it 's not surprising .
some of the main arteries for the lifeblood of the country are our roads .
refugees from the country are pouring into the cities , overwhelming the already stressed support systems .
this is true for most of the country and around the world , except for areas like the pacific northwest .
power went out in a lot of places around the country , mainly due to various everyday reasons .
her relatives all lived in california but with the animal madness , quickly followed by the scarlet , no one in their right mind would come across the country just to box her things up .
forensics was a two - dollar word in that part of the country and unless state police were brought into the mix it was likely nothing would happen .
by god , john , i tell you , this country is headed to hell in a hand basket .
for the next hour , they sat on the couch watching strange tales from around the country .
there d be mass murders all over the country , probably the whole damn planet .
as far as he knew , they did nt have any family in that part of the country .
when i came to this country , i thought i was safe , but now he trailed off .
tomas held up his hand to keep her quiet and continued , you can still leave the country tonight .
this belief was compounded by the malaysian governments refusal to sanction who s presence in their country , claiming the international organization was attempting to control the world and would assault the countrys sovereignty .
no matter where you live or which country you hail from you d probably recognize me if you saw me in person , thanks to the infamy brought about by ceras amazing rally showdown , cars for short , and the subsequent brouhaha over the vaccine running through my veins .
most vampires in this part of the country are very young .
they killed one of the most powerful werewolves in the country .
your town died to keep those things out of this part of the country .
costa rica : zz occultation - z place - 3.0 a country in central america .
places costa rica a country in central america .
barbados : z place - zz the lagerstatte - 3.0 country in the carribean .
congo : z place - zz the lagerstatte - 3.0 an african country .
congo an african country .
costa rica : zz six six six - z place - 3.0 central american country .
haiti : zz six six six - z place - 3.0 carribean country .
places costa rica central american country .
willem declines , and heads for the other side of the country , and starts living with burt .
malta : z place - 3.5 - zz strappado an island country .
places malta an island country .
hallucigenia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 1435 the 845 and 759 a 524 of 442 he 432 to 423 his 397 in 392 was 257 i 238 it 228 wallace 192 that 192 on 189 you 172 with 167 had 141 as 137 at 125 were 124 for 121 him 121 from 107 said 104 not 96 like 95 they 95 my 92 her 90 me 83 into 80 delaney 78 what 75 or 74 but 73 is 68 this 68 there 66 an 65 she 62 by 60 if 60 been 58 no 58 out 57 some 56 helen 55 be 55 about 54 did 54 over 53 when 52 up 52 got 51 all 48 one 47 too 43 wallace 's 42 we 42 so 41 do n't 41 your 41 choate 40 i ' m 40 more 40 around 39 back 38 them 37 old 37 face 37 then 36 mr 36 it 's 35 right 35 skip 34 could 34 something 34 man 34 their 33 have 32 hand 31 eyes 31 down 31 are 30 way 30 those 30 its 30 after 30 do 29 barn 29 went 29 where 29 made 29 black 28 going 28 who 28 know 28 off 28 maybe 28 through 27 did n't 27 see 27 door 26 just 26 another 26 here 26 tyler 25 big 25 house 24 would 24 why 24 how 23 time 23 took 23 head 23 before 23 saw 22 smith 22 want 22 pride 22 yeah 22 randy 21 that 's 21 get 21 any 21 again 21 only 21 now 21 nothing 21 oh 21 mouth 21 choates 21 anything 20 say 20 came 20 come 20 think 20 long 20 thought 20 called 20 which 19 never 19 much 19 well 19 things 19 dead 19 helen 's 19 two 18 near 18 dark 18 than 18 josh 18 okay 18 few 18 hell 18 might 18 i 'll 18 ever 18 while 18 these 18 night 18 thing 17 people 17 go 17 voice 17 left 17 kids 17 other 17 home 17 three 17 across 17 cigarette 16 gave 16 sure 16 horse 16 light 16 still 16 very 16 looked 16 always 16 tell 16 years 15 can 15 em 15 real 15 was n't 15 under 15 you 're 15 there 's 15 make 15 told 15 day 15 detective 14 hair 14 little 14 away 14 adams 14 glass 14 against 14 every 14 own 14 hands 14 started 14 between 14 since 13 good 13 property 13 inside 13 field 13 car 13 fingers 13 salter 13 though 13 himself 13 used 12 even 12 he 'd 12 he 's 12 smiled 12 whole 12 pylons 12 look 12 such 12 began 12 guard 12 certain 12 couple 12 sat 12 boss 12 savage 12 because 12 garden 12 asked 12 window 11 dropped 11 really 11 white 11 doing 11 neck 11 end 11 heard 11 uh 11 mind 11 except 11 hard 11 bruenig 11 turned 11 until 11 place 11 everything 11 call 11 each 11 hey 11 hole 11 shoulder 11 once 11 us 10 woman 10 dee 10 new 10 nose 10 most 10 fact 10 seen 10 i ' ve 10 road 10 best 10 phone 10 bottle 10 mean 10 bit 10 knew 10 men 10 kaleb 10 feet 10 happened 10 smile 10 find 10 became 10 put 10 guy 10 school 10 enough 9 better 9 deal 9 green 9 bad 9 dad 9 rolled 9 wrong 9 kept 9 past 9 our 9 bed 9 without 9 delaney 's 9 kind 9 pretty 9 wall 9 upon 9 decided 9 skull 9 almost 9 hanging 9 boys 9 wanted 9 office 9 stood 9 air 9 walls 9 far 9 eye 9 should 9 hip 9 earth 9 red 9 mostly 9 talk 9 beth 9 ago 9 cold 9 farm 9 love 9 trees 9 dunno 9 says 9 wife 9 yes 9 laughed 9 found 9 take 9 tried 9 looking 9 bout 9 along 9 room 8 job 8 behind 8 college 8 man 's 8 shit 8 onto 8 state 8 last 8 everywhere 8 cecil 8 seemed 8 strange 8 world 8 figure 8 number 8 would n't 8 lamp 8 brain 8 lay 8 need 8 young 8 business 8 during 8 drink 8 open 8 family 8 shoe 8 crack 8 security 8 had n't 8 opened 8 let 8 among 8 i 'd 8 rich 8 pulled 8 she 's 8 idea 8 small 8 ask 8 nearly 8 ca n't 8 huh 7 gone 7 matter 7 rocks 7 keep 7 grounds 7 table 7 nest 7 concrete 7 stuff 7 kinda 7 metal 7 department 7 chest 7 shadows 7 s 7 ceiling 7 sounds 7 probably 7 least 7 stuck 7 toward 7 else 7 woods 7 kate 7 somebody 7 is n't 7 hospital 7 cane 7 easy 7 guess 7 afraid 7 closed 7 days 7 guys 7 lights 7 olympia 7 lighted 7 girl 7 details 7 whatever 7 grass 7 life 7 care 7 thick 7 run 7 getting 7 wally 7 several 7 heart 7 legs 7 water 7 quite 7 suit 7 blood 7 same 7 gon na 7 am 7 must 7 weird 7 friend 7 got ta 7 are n't 7 does n't 7 click 7 drank 7 former 7 floor 7 heavy 7 desk 7 shirt 7 sister 7 live 7 high 6 gray 6 wild 6 set 6 hot 6 area 6 many 6 damn 6 gate 6 damned 6 bloody 6 they 'd 6 months 6 poured 6 where 's 6 great 6 choate 's 6 piece 6 creek 6 father 6 money 6 tom 6 liquor 6 playing 6 alley 6 course 6 sounded 6 soft 6 washington 6 cops 6 remember 6 charlie 6 sound 6 shot 6 cut 6 coming 6 camera 6 chinese 6 cell 6 throat 6 week 6 therapy 6 lot 6 nodded 6 moved 6 thin 6 land 6 guts 6 check 6 lucky 6 giant 6 wiped 6 although 6 kaleb 's 6 pressed 6 skip 's 6 caught 6 according 6 blue 6 drive 6 pushed 6 arm 6 station 6 answer 6 please 6 sense 6 bones 6 silence 6 attention 6 kid 6 will 6 problem 6 stars 6 handle 6 often 6 worms 6 parts 6 county 6 pills 6 shook 6 believe 6 sold 6 sort 6 wore 6 either 6 walked 6 noticed 6 side 6 brought 6 noises 6 first 5 taken 5 farther 5 trouble 5 fish 5 figured 5 yours 5 evening 5 building 5 reflection 5 expression 5 dragged 5 eventually 5 drinking 5 eating 5 tree 5 folks 5 foreign 5 we 'll 5 plastic 5 god 5 lips 5 cheek 5 crap 5 letters 5 move 5 brother 5 chair 5 sorry 5 they 're 5 d 5 someone 5 changed 5 beat 5 stop 5 3 5 flat 5 fly 5 tall 5 hi 5 next 5 shoulders 5 middle 5 music 5 tomorrow 5 flickered 5 hurt 5 nobody 5 have n't 5 worse 5 screwed 5 ferguson 5 being 5 different 5 jesus 5 waited 5 also 5 cancer 5 mess 5 pay 5 round 5 flies 5 dirt 5 filled 5 daddy 5 mud 5 mentioned 5 slapped 5 fellow 5 belly 5 above 5 elevator 5 flesh 5 nature 5 front 5 bunch 5 fine 5 waiting 5 doors 5 outside 5 graffiti 5 speak 5 darkness 5 anybody 5 cards 5 mass 5 smoked 5 cheap 5 lived 5 collection 5 large 5 built 5 history 5 guards 5 outta 5 janice 5 finished 5 close 5 shadow 5 private 5 nice 5 tight 5 dry 5 ring 5 cop 5 remembered 5 ya 5 branches 5 spread 5 smelled 5 taking 5 cameras 5 pocket 5 shoes 5 appeared 5 watched 5 dressed 5 track 5 done 5 loveless 5 story 5 fella 5 dozen 5 low 5 read 5 drove 5 supposed 5 accident 5 leave 5 town 5 name 5 glasses 5 bought 5 picture 4 seeing 4 warden 4 dalton 4 interesting 4 ran 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 breath 4 return 4 p 4 drunk 4 rose 4 anymore 4 cracks 4 happy 4 recognize 4 yellow 4 country 4 met 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 boy 4 estate 4 bottom 4 distorted 4 foot 4 knife 4 today 4 fire 4 smoking 4 patrons 4 talking 4 strands 4 how 's 4 quick 4 running 4 dirty 4 later 4 understand 4 ai n't 4 notice 4 soon 4 pictures 4 woo 4 smoke 4 shack 4 send 4 needed 4 rattled 4 rubbed 4 actually 4 roof 4 desert 4 doctor 4 meet 4 plenty 4 received 4 died 4 company 4 m 4 palm 4 slept 4 upstairs 4 physics 4 glanced 4 worried 4 deputy 4 what 's 4 sit 4 broken 4 doctors 4 worth 4 arizona 4 pool 4 leaned 4 meant 4 early 4 give 4 windows 4 veins 4 hesitated 4 nurse 4 tape 4 papers 4 suite 4 poetry 4 ancient 4 decades 4 floated 4 teeth 4 bridge 4 has 4 muffled 4 use 4 ice 4 pointed 4 bet 4 perhaps 4 forget 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 breast 4 worked 4 afternoon 4 somethin ' 4 heads 4 meanwhile 4 known 4 person 4 hated 4 line 4 slipped 4 working 4 wondered 4 let 's 4 itself 4 pants 4 wood 4 hate 4 anyway 4 tick 4 war 4 climbed 4 bag 4 main 4 morning 4 odd 4 loomed 4 wrecker 4 spoke 4 visit 4 case 4 walla 4 together 4 east 4 stared 4 wound 4 truly 4 balls 4 wedge 4 aside 4 grab 4 brothers 4 seems 4 rest 4 aware 4 thinking 4 second 4 images 4 thanks 4 otter 4 full 4 aliens 4 loves 4 drawn 4 noodles 4 considered 4 filthy 4 skin 4 mistuh 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 stopped 4 blunt 4 bear 4 raw 4 chavez 4 prison 4 hour 4 sent 4 crawl 4 raised 4 spot 4 ass 4 friends 4 yet 4 lives 4 book 4 dinner 4 anyhow 4 faces 4 morgan 4 television 4 wooden 4 lost 4 tesla 4 grinning 4 alive 4 ready 4 bull 4 blew 4 spring 4 1971 4 slightly 4 empty 4 grandfather 4 steps 4 ground 4 beneath 4 coast 4 could n't 4 shall 4 base 4 unknown 4 machine 4 familiar 4 forehead 4 shaking 4 game 4 exposed 4 staring 4 paul 4 clear 4 claimed 4 finally 4 scattered 4 photographs 4 wherever 4 joined 4 glance 4 gotten 4 short 4 paid 4 simply 4 buried 4 crossed 4 drop 4 lyle 4 bothered 3 counted 3 trust 3 arden 3 interview 3 favor 3 cool 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 resembled 3 owned 3 wo n't 3 sink 3 hear 3 truck 3 serious 3 hardwood 3 feeding 3 already 3 dripped 3 square 3 stains 3 arms 3 pride 's 3 hissed 3 whenever 3 bay - el 3 pulse 3 seconds 3 wire 3 burly 3 counting 3 freeman 3 cabinet 3 birth 3 both 3 dug 3 intercom 3 shut 3 sloshed 3 wet 3 huge 3 universe 3 chased 3 planning 3 restaurant 3 grateful 3 closely 3 late 3 appear 3 replaced 3 tail 3 card 3 sick 3 thursday 3 four 3 entire 3 sea 3 pneumonia 3 melted 3 hill 3 dream 3 temple 3 fat 3 watching 3 sitting 3 cigarettes 3 mounds 3 account 3 refused 3 hire 3 beyond 3 unlucky 3 picked 3 pit 3 fortune 3 turn 3 great - granddaddy 3 passed 3 conversation 3 joshua 3 goes 3 records 3 origin 3 beautiful 3 butt 3 following 3 fed 3 highway 3 usher 3 interested 3 birthday 3 fissure 3 screamed 3 fields 3 busted 3 plaster 3 antique 3 awful 3 hoped 3 welcome 3 ten 3 sweet 3 regarding 3 report 3 weekend 3 parked 3 hat 3 survived 3 part 3 sometimes 3 drag 3 master 3 west 3 screen 3 convinced 3 file 3 less 3 vodka 3 collapsed 3 fixed 3 accent 3 devil 3 lately 3 welded 3 hit 3 crowd 3 odor 3 grew 3 mima 3 liked 3 somehow 3 ones 3 recorder 3 wax 3 kitchen 3 clothes 3 carefully 3 kinds 3 barely 3 struck 3 pits 3 shone 3 funny 3 shattered 3 gun 3 crackled 3 tendrils 3 sucked 3 forest 3 hung 3 manner 3 stabbed 3 honest 3 besides 3 kate 's 3 dated 3 write 3 sucker 3 laid 3 holes 3 bedroom 3 ball 3 slippery 3 none 3 peered 3 divided 3 rough 3 possibly 3 hall 3 gravel 3 pleasure 3 seattle 3 ah 3 eel 3 surely 3 starts 3 slowly 3 shoebox 3 carried 3 required 3 animals 3 marlin 3 asphalt 3 pink 3 evidence 3 peacocks 3 realized 3 caused 3 french 3 pain 3 chuckled 3 played 3 edge 3 ruby 3 forth 3 son 3 you 'll 3 hills 3 angry 3 cry 3 wasp 3 dying 3 reason 3 dozens 3 suddenly 3 christmas 3 clouds 3 40s 3 spent 3 greasy 3 help 3 consciousness 3 feebly 3 matters 3 slack 3 senator 3 lots 3 birds 3 placed 3 rumors 3 premus 3 south 3 video 3 top 3 asking 3 professional 3 china 3 jagged 3 promised 3 puzzle 3 bar 3 interest 3 boot 3 poor 3 word 3 city 3 wrinkled 3 sagan 3 sonofabitch 3 houses 3 swear 3 per 3 performed 3 rendered 3 coulda 3 lance 3 swiftly 3 mine 3 wrapped 3 villa 3 hours 3 deeper 3 recently 3 stirred 3 comment 3 contained 3 dog 3 nam 3 designed 3 gestured 3 comes 3 ears 3 honey 3 sour 3 radiation 3 constantly 3 roots 3 cage 3 somewhere 3 concerned 3 moment 3 month 3 static 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 brand 3 heat 3 yanked 3 beside 3 artifacts 3 we 're 3 surface 3 normal 3 circles 3 crawled 3 art 3 grin 3 thoughts 3 viet 3 distance 3 paperwork 3 force 3 trembling 3 breeze 3 talked 3 itched 3 service 3 emerged 3 feeling 3 nothin ' 3 geologist 3 mixed 3 weight 3 tough 3 half 3 heck 3 drowned 3 bounced 3 moist 3 knocked 3 wrist 3 cause 3 were n't 3 stairs 3 equipment 3 blanket 3 hunting 3 slick 3 tired 3 deep 3 vacation 3 named 3 tracks 3 others 3 den 3 broke 3 feed 3 space 3 weeds 3 slid 3 collar 3 women 3 body 3 lobster 3 style 3 gap 3 dogs 3 tone 3 within 3 led 3 flushed 3 trip 3 travel 3 70s 3 attended 3 bored 3 covered 3 sideways 3 harold 3 knees 3 cake 3 joy 3 broad 3 dust 3 true 3 creepy 3 newspaper 3 hushed 3 ginger 3 names 3 point 3 hallucigenia 3 pipes 3 locked 3 should n't 3 glow 3 swallow 3 plant 3 held 3 try 3 milky 3 knob 3 flipped 3 present 3 version 3 driving 3 club 3 list 3 size 3 bentley 3 completely 3 sleeping 3 oozed 3 hang 3 shop 3 shake 3 party 3 counter 3 checked 3 woulda 2 unexpectedly 2 sodium 2 issue 2 load 2 strained 2 married 2 rigid 2 twenty 2 sluggish 2 fuck 2 bruenigs 2 nasa 2 screws 2 favorite 2 share 2 claustrophobic 2 tables 2 guest 2 source 2 local 2 depths 2 sweating 2 suspicion 2 show 2 wheel 2 limped 2 fresh 2 surprise 2 mimis 2 drugs 2 latter 2 devices 2 personal 2 trauma 2 vast 2 partner 2 radical 2 horns 2 huey 2 blink 2 wonder 2 missed 2 torso 2 research 2 brow 2 bring 2 perfect 2 drifted 2 appreciate 2 flew 2 offered 2 shelves 2 abruptly 2 squinted 2 nasty 2 twisted 2 holland 2 cor 2 reflections 2 ourselves 2 cocked 2 clamped 2 scotch 2 bein ' 2 rather 2 bleeding 2 plain 2 recommended 2 volume 2 plan 2 monstrous 2 rectangular 2 funnel 2 squid 2 postcards 2 necessary 2 pappy 2 fix 2 booze 2 nope 2 cult 2 crystal 2 hurts 2 chinamen 2 primordial 2 morbid 2 mixing 2 tools 2 handkerchief 2 furniture 2 splattered 2 pharaoh 2 listened 2 tie 2 routine 2 funky 2 inevitably 2 bean 2 shoot 2 yesterday 2 silent 2 player 2 humongous 2 action 2 coffee 2 orange 2 tyler 's 2 wearing 2 turning 2 recovery 2 wheels 2 thrown 2 dusk 2 aluminum 2 clutched 2 billy 2 fast 2 ripped 2 emanated 2 mister 2 series 2 climb 2 alone 2 switch 2 reservation 2 phantom 2 escaped 2 swept 2 carl 2 messing 2 begun 2 thinkin ' 2 lashes 2 craved 2 covets 2 frank 2 dear 2 traps 2 iron 2 convulsively 2 kicked 2 button 2 regained 2 rocker 2 eggheads 2 postcard 2 clippings 2 gulper 2 accepted 2 granny 2 sending 2 particular 2 violence 2 squirrel 2 radioactive 2 follow 2 continued 2 sticky 2 cells 2 shaded 2 narrow 2 order 2 prints 2 friday 2 gleamed 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 stoned 2 slumped 2 ghastly 2 wave 2 agency 2 child 2 slogging 2 grown 2 skeletal 2 hooves 2 cooled 2 flung 2 batted 2 curved 2 pal 2 skinned 2 wide 2 finger 2 lying 2 bone 2 motel 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 anyone 2 eight 2 forward 2 floors 2 stung 2 blown 2 pallid 2 wednesday 2 eager 2 curious 2 fence 2 authorities 2 monster 2 fuzzy 2 driveway 2 passenger 2 carson 2 randy 's 2 grease 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 shapes 2 n ' 2 dusted 2 miraculously 2 settle 2 stayed 2 fucked 2 basket 2 sloppy 2 screaming 2 blind 2 confused 2 caked 2 remainder 2 making 2 cleared 2 pipe 2 cologne 2 rode 2 bell 2 numerous 2 elbow 2 senior 2 chairs 2 awoke 2 degrees 2 pen 2 insects 2 dance 2 cargo 2 rainier 2 creaked 2 wig 2 unfortunately 2 paper 2 stadium 2 roaring 2 deserted 2 circle 2 washed 2 cast 2 coronary 2 cheeks 2 worry 2 carcass 2 iranian 2 handed 2 impression 2 ahead 2 whale 2 regarded 2 cables 2 engine 2 label 2 busy 2 wives 2 forced 2 needs 2 missing 2 brush 2 peculiar 2 detected 2 selling 2 squids 2 apes 2 aspirin 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 hopes 2 salt 2 rugs 2 bronze 2 older 2 tribe 2 hundred 2 blue - black 2 posts 2 break 2 hallway 2 oversized 2 demons 2 package 2 american 2 diligence 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 muttered 2 parents 2 term 2 friendly 2 quit 2 casino 2 honking 2 view 2 dwindling 2 discovered 2 cottage 2 loved 2 lone 2 crazy 2 drooling 2 fill 2 sex 2 news 2 sharp 2 followed 2 fascination 2 sank 2 straight 2 abandoned 2 hose 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 scare 2 gibberish 2 examined 2 pried 2 automatic 2 sneaking 2 acoustics 2 lurched 2 steiner 2 depression 2 forearm 2 lion 2 littered 2 chef 2 walk 2 wires 2 myriad 2 korean 2 heels 2 having 2 king 2 question 2 retreated 2 capitol 2 admit 2 makes 2 bled 2 pyramids 2 sheriff 's 2 loafers 2 fallen 2 coat 2 spiders 2 prevent 2 damp 2 pad 2 mating 2 throbbed 2 yup 2 standing 2 rush 2 europe 2 projects 2 blindness 2 sir 2 dialed 2 packed 2 rolling 2 scratchy 2 potatoes 2 device 2 shape 2 degree 2 butler 2 current 2 yard 2 cruised 2 overgrown 2 catch 2 mrs 2 gaps 2 christ 2 human 2 handsome 2 dripping 2 twice 2 sanity 2 cabinets 2 grinding 2 complex 2 reflex 2 nine 2 choke 2 pulp 2 grunted 2 auction 2 boiled 2 tottered 2 useful 2 clarity 2 library 2 occupants 2 words 2 infinitely 2 pinched 2 shallow 2 files 2 drawer 2 box 2 hired 2 dried 2 con 2 alien 2 distant 2 bruno 2 thrust 2 you 'd 2 safe 2 star 2 woozy 2 fool 2 notion 2 message 2 sunlight 2 stick 2 scope 2 sox 2 softly 2 taste 2 nearby 2 returned 2 grinned 2 burns 2 pop 2 sudden 2 kiss 2 major 2 adjoining 2 bastard 2 porter 2 fearful 2 noise 2 eldest 2 obviously 2 imagine 2 figures 2 cracked 2 curses 2 god 's 2 skeleton 2 setting 2 drummond 2 cordial 2 thank 2 girth 2 type 2 warped 2 ended 2 laundry 2 note 2 keeping 2 vomit 2 tub 2 partially 2 artwork 2 thurston 2 amount 2 police 2 knelt 2 occasionally 2 blowing 2 killing 2 holy 2 martinis 2 sorta 2 artist 2 selected 2 necessity 2 fingerprints 2 river 2 paxton 2 utterly 2 watch 2 johnny 2 quantum 2 index 2 peek 2 kissed 2 antiquity 2 sports 2 detail 2 does 2 process 2 maggots 2 families 2 lunch 2 physical 2 trunk 2 cleaning 2 difficult 2 dwell 2 print 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 indian 2 bizarre 2 plopped 2 development 2 bye 2 downstairs 2 unless 2 mired 2 flowers 2 mates 2 wrote 2 buses 2 goddamn 2 whoever 2 pounds 2 mystery 2 lady 2 painted 2 whispered 2 faint 2 droned 2 punched 2 nailed 2 symbols 2 cramped 2 items 2 60s 2 steel 2 kurt 2 forty 2 rogers 2 howled 2 disappear 2 biggest 2 factories 2 payton 2 fairly 2 pig 2 wished 2 arrival 2 aiming 2 rambling 2 weak 2 language 2 bowl 2 vacant 2 matched 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 busting 2 interior 2 advice 2 32 2 rubber 2 buy 2 hillbilly 2 marble 2 energy 2 system 2 mirror 2 nowhere 2 oak 2 avenue 2 spotted 2 assortment 2 calling 2 brains 2 switchblade 2 cattle 2 sky 2 doin ' 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 squirming 2 unidentified 2 study 2 recollections 2 dull 2 buzzed 2 sittin ' 2 california 2 ages 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 silver 2 coveralls 2 battered 2 changing 2 hood 2 photo 2 chill 2 rope 2 english 2 operation 2 shuffled 2 monoliths 2 returns 2 wonky 2 remnants 2 disappearances 2 rearview 2 oil 2 nah 2 jenson 2 frame 2 provided 2 strap 2 prescription 2 belt 2 gazed 2 gulped 2 rock 2 legend 2 grand 2 reek 2 memory 2 wilson 2 experiments 2 initial 2 awake 2 careful 2 pretended 2 stops 2 plate 2 record 2 shined 2 forgot 2 hollow 2 feel 2 cousin 2 scandal 2 juice 2 answering 2 mechanical 2 brawl 2 unstamped 2 work 2 stories 2 downtown 2 lock 2 portions 2 landing 2 miles 2 wool 2 shrill 2 wan na 2 whether 2 6 2 brutal 2 count 2 promise 2 screw 2 goin ' 2 indistinct 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 woo 's 2 melancholy 2 dreamt 2 pieces 2 keys 2 hidden 2 greased 2 however 2 bird 2 gallery 2 recalcitrant 2 year 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 entangled 2 citadel 2 jumped 2 hello 2 happen 2 electromagnetic 2 wind 2 warning 2 seeped 2 grim 2 rain 2 status 2 signed 2 warm 2 strip 2 smashed 2 vapor 2 miniature 2 groaned 2 partition 2 indeed 2 till 2 grandpa 2 artificial 2 satisfaction 2 de 2 disturbing 2 stunts 2 interference 2 manny 2 ets 2 darling 2 tacoma 2 dimensions 2 lunatic 2 losing 2 collected 2 sun 2 six 2 quality 2 daily 2 similar 2 guns 2 nails 2 hold 2 asleep 2 felt 2 free 2 scary 2 sons 2 loose 2 dim 2 occupied 2 you ' ve 2 shade 2 graduated 2 given 2 dabbed 2 chain 2 wwii 2 asian 2 truth 2 stripped 2 flinched 2 gesture 2 branch 2 investments 2 drum 2 silk 2 burrowed 2 tuesday 2 beer 2 public 2 offshore 2 yelling 2 fully 2 eastern 2 essentially 2 patiently 2 gambler 2 dangling 2 suppose 2 scientist 2 hummed 2 pitter - pat 2 drew 2 chuckle 2 faded 2 fourth 2 propped 2 deformed 2 boards 2 touch 2 noon 2 faculties 2 bloated 2 tongue 2 covers 2 cosmic 2 somewhat 2 waddel 2 rubbing 2 spare 2 store 2 dreams 2 bust 2 jews 2 oily 2 native 2 pale 2 tribal 2 jaguars 2 walking 2 decade 2 scalp 2 stench 2 gaping 2 guestroom 2 complicated 2 rude 2 muddy 2 longer 2 wheeze 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 rifle 2 prosthesis 2 sumac 2 press 2 background 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 50s 2 seltzer 2 should ' ve 2 glued 2 served 2 gloom 2 irish 2 solid 2 change 2 prease 2 friggin ' 2 fragments 2 cocktails 2 lurked 2 merrily 2 unnatural 2 pertaining 2 objects 2 humidity 2 inflection 2 cried 2 assumed 2 thor 2 liver 2 limits 2 bruenig 's 2 sandal 2 fancy 2 instead 2 sauce 2 vase 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 skinny 2 premises 2 tons 2 divorce 2 breakthrough 2 tapping 2 dingy 2 flabby 2 y'know 2 minute 2 elegant 2 formal 2 officer 2 pigs 2 fell 2 killed 2 depredations 2 tracking 2 stroke 2 dryly 2 peace 2 landed 2 sweetheart 2 reminiscent 2 jerry 2 detect 2 health 2 quiet 2 bitter 2 crank 2 stiffened 2 stage 2 specialist 2 fired 2 encroachment 2 street 2 reckless 2 freeman 's 2 raise 2 instant 2 blm 2 imagery 2 fumbled 2 vertigo 2 loyal 2 nephew 2 rattling 2 ride 2 burn 2 matinee 2 rear 2 brown 2 swore 2 folk 2 quarter 2 football 2 stupid 2 railing 2 reduced 2 ghosts 2 sergeant 2 slithered 2 it 'll 2 team 2 scene 2 totally 1 richer 1 distinguished 1 yelled 1 forging 1 coal 1 bonkers 1 swiveled 1 clambered 1 campfire 1 lumbar 1 show - stopping 1 belonged 1 huston 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 doorways 1 reshaped 1 expressions 1 glinting 1 sedan 1 unglued 1 steadily 1 fifty - first 1 throes 1 photograph 1 batting 1 wait 1 angel 's 1 unwanted 1 dates 1 wealthy 1 redfield 1 k 1 copyrights 1 shapeless 1 address 1 i d 1 tinker 's 1 lumbered 1 crop 1 flattened 1 mild 1 sightin 's 1 fair 1 fiercely 1 deprived 1 stranding 1 sheets 1 2002 1 dent 1 dominos 1 death 1 dodging 1 thumbnail 1 dandelion 1 booth 1 elijah 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 promenade 1 clerk 's 1 pestered 1 muck 1 quaking 1 polo 1 bird 's 1 invited 1 whoa 1 behemoth 1 affably 1 lift 1 yah 1 tidings 1 ashamed 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 striking 1 squatted 1 39 1 musk 1 puckered 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 cassette 1 snicked 1 cloistered 1 dinging 1 tableware 1 toured 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hive 1 drill 1 tires 1 sufficient 1 thumping 1 lack 1 all - fired 1 yank 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 parade 1 icebreaker 1 costumed 1 understandable 1 mesmerize 1 mason 1 los 1 highballs 1 robe 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 swath 1 episode 1 khaki 1 diva 1 proponent 1 fracture 1 burr 1 final 1 spend 1 thickly 1 uno 1 thanked 1 there 're 1 mutilations 1 fetched 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 apologies 1 saying 1 microwave 1 reserves 1 oddfellows 1 mound 1 implant 1 heavily 1 gleam 1 wad 1 tap 1 ike 's 1 thigh 1 fold 1 outrace 1 pile 1 champion 1 detailing 1 environments 1 flatbed 1 sees 1 virtue 1 position 1 holding 1 rent 1 god - fearin ' 1 bragging 1 commence 1 whistling 1 regs 1 owner 1 hocks 1 pail 1 buds 1 soda 1 soundless 1 belial 1 milk 1 riled 1 sweaty 1 hocus 1 gambling 1 crammed 1 roost 1 midlife 1 neurological 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 basso 1 oops 1 stiffly 1 bearing 1 quailed 1 smacking 1 web 1 shat 1 student 1 obvious 1 poison 1 architect 1 interviewing 1 payroll 1 smacked 1 nurtured 1 suffocating 1 skirted 1 blocky 1 dragon 1 degenerated 1 goosebumps 1 shovels 1 jackrabbits 1 vanilla 1 saint 1 1313 1 impatient 1 attendance 1 detached 1 dared 1 half - mast 1 considering 1 visitor 1 survey 1 car 's 1 parties 1 atrophy 1 winchester 1 gentleman 1 application 1 lumpen 1 driven 1 cruise 1 people 's 1 blocked 1 oyster 1 unload 1 alcan 1 honored 1 manfred 1 spied 1 graft 1 prior 1 multi - jointed 1 tugs 1 hopelessly 1 hanks 1 mainly 1 pug 1 speed 1 located 1 pass 1 insomuch 1 seamless 1 ventures 1 manager 1 arrowheads 1 gizmo 's 1 couch 1 gothic 1 marinated 1 chorus 1 liner 1 tetanus 1 half - collapsed 1 wallowing 1 valley 1 leatherneck 1 write - off 1 hereford 1 russell 1 eyebrow 1 half - formed 1 brittle 1 telescoped 1 snotty 1 adapt 1 imponderable 1 yessiree 1 atom - smasher 1 dish 1 checks 1 putrefied 1 sorted 1 governments 1 geological 1 monday 1 forearms 1 dilate 1 eram 1 kenya 1 route 1 anton 1 smith 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 hysterically 1 developer 1 muscular 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 stygian 1 afford 1 dr 1 doorknob 1 pulling 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 topside 1 anyways 1 patently 1 batteries 1 horrible 1 beams 1 self 1 alarms 1 absence 1 belong 1 nibbled 1 c'm on 1 headgear 1 threat 1 perry 1 jumpstarted 1 astronomer 1 amused 1 cute 1 shortening 1 whitewashed 1 age 1 scrawny 1 dancers 1 there 'd 1 sock 1 infinite 1 warlock 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 darned 1 draft 1 hug 1 scarlet 1 mental 1 rouse 1 howdy 1 tenants 1 bottles 1 key 1 restrooms 1 it 'd 1 prime 1 tiles 1 reckoned 1 harkened 1 yolk 1 tad 1 conquered 1 crinkly 1 monks 1 polyp 1 hope 1 mangled 1 dimly 1 heavy - duty 1 lodges 1 constricted 1 hasty 1 crappy 1 ingenious 1 exist 1 transformed 1 soccer 1 gets 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 devastating 1 hmm 1 brake 1 coherent 1 2 1 cloning 1 flexing 1 heirs 1 glutted 1 ours 1 supercharged 1 sideline 1 poised 1 reportin ' 1 affectation 1 gunned 1 clan 1 sinking 1 regain 1 taxes 1 introduce 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 drover 1 suction 1 taker 1 staggered 1 honors 1 dawn 1 thumbprint 1 jawing 1 glum 1 wait - wait 1 slat 1 hungry 1 affected 1 broadcasting 1 linebacker 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 starched 1 hydraulic 1 fly - buzz 1 cantonese 1 blast 1 plasma 1 wine 1 brrr 1 frequented 1 luck 1 officials 1 mercifully 1 shafts 1 featured 1 pulsing 1 bricks 1 inflamed 1 automatics 1 mucking 1 worn 1 19 1 participation 1 malloy 's 1 dante 1 directory 1 disjointed 1 armoire 1 scythe 1 expected 1 mousetrap 1 clawing 1 poulsbo 1 portrait 1 viscid 1 rib 1 name - unknown 1 rape 1 girl 's 1 habitat 1 steak 1 skipperoo 's 1 dick 1 chemosh 1 langan 1 jiggled 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 welt 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 welled 1 tangled 1 assembled 1 hallucination 1 popped 1 dresser 1 bare 1 professing 1 murmured 1 lord 1 sunburns 1 surprised 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 operated 1 elderly 1 contractors 1 sediment 1 phrases 1 yeoman 's 1 hells - bells 1 corridors 1 fergie 1 act 1 planned 1 throw 1 hula 1 gazelles 1 juices 1 wry 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 biceps 1 pilots 1 admin 1 pulsed 1 day - old 1 thighbone 1 ramshackle 1 jump - cuts 1 mutter 1 universities 1 withered 1 dynamo 1 waned 1 understanding 1 remaining 1 succumbed 1 damaged 1 german 1 imported 1 unobtrusive 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 prowling 1 jabber 1 hayloft 1 cadillac 1 torture 1 peeling 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ropes 1 adequately 1 recycling 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 riding 1 revulsion 1 conservative 1 prickle 1 standout 1 counterpart 1 terrace 1 shatter 1 unsteadily 1 syllable 1 beginnin ' 1 ensconced 1 tailor - made 1 renovated 1 awkward 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 housecleaner 1 drunkenly 1 gulf 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 short - term 1 jumpy 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 corresponded 1 rules 1 regimen 1 d'ya 1 chopper 1 engage 1 soldiering 1 original 1 splashed 1 poke 1 shivering 1 qualis 1 speedy 1 cough 1 armament 1 relations 1 soaked 1 suggested 1 destroyed 1 clearing 1 canada 1 dosage 1 tragically 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 accomplices 1 possible 1 helicopter 1 conspirator 1 bourbons 1 squared 1 hesse 1 tune 1 cramping 1 buttocks 1 mildew 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 queers 1 sworn 1 law 1 trail 1 collective 1 whirled 1 specimen 1 split 1 chicken 1 biological 1 discount 1 1910 1 brat 1 crabs 1 strewed 1 breaching 1 hosted 1 privately 1 verbosity 1 features 1 preferred 1 pleasantries 1 gutters 1 granta 1 harder 1 eli 1 notations 1 communicate 1 cereal 1 gathering 1 inches 1 chips 1 molecular 1 mouths 1 officers 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 preserved 1 yonder 1 jackhammer 1 langans 1 jaws 1 hiring 1 overly 1 enormous 1 intestines 1 group 1 earthquake 1 yep 1 unintelligible 1 buildings 1 five - year - old 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 radio 1 hubbub 1 rained 1 incompletely 1 tycoons 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 penitentiaries 1 wifey 1 queasy 1 urine 1 medical 1 dropping 1 wipe 1 kong 1 fightin ' 1 roads 1 theory 1 respective 1 reach 1 purely 1 eighty - six 'd 1 reliable 1 george 's 1 scarcely 1 twenty - something 1 classified 1 cancun 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 fever 1 foreclosed 1 snugly 1 nba 1 vicinity 1 faithfully 1 fragmented 1 overseer 1 surprisingly 1 worshiping 1 surgeon 1 softer 1 picturesque 1 living 1 prisons 1 deranged 1 traditional 1 itty - bitty 1 gawped 1 afternoons 1 11 1 sufficed 1 flotilla 1 suspected 1 zero 1 pilot 's 1 wagged 1 unwholesome 1 glutinous 1 grins 1 neat 1 saturday 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 moseyed 1 bloke 1 copy 1 practice 1 marianas 1 townies 1 prize 1 dusky 1 definitely 1 data 1 hiked 1 fan 1 hum 1 cantinas 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 beehive 1 confession 1 immigrant 1 bamboo 1 permitted 1 india 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 sedentary 1 bumpkin 1 nursed 1 franklin 1 departure 1 ends 1 bodyguard 1 trophy 1 utterance 1 esteemed 1 screwing 1 span 1 chavez 's 1 birthdays 1 headaches 1 chalked 1 protect 1 herself 1 takes 1 shirtless 1 strand 1 progenitor 1 planet 's 1 feculent 1 ribcage 1 sturdy 1 medications 1 cultures 1 doped 1 abject 1 need n't 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 essence 1 christians 1 jersey 1 mum 1 joked 1 pencil - dick 1 develop 1 dorm 1 watercolor 1 uncovered 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 intensify 1 yielding 1 capered 1 silverfish 1 spaces 1 snort 1 tripped 1 hassled 1 messy 1 expensive 1 18 1 breasts 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 forlorn 1 think - tank 1 grit 1 butter - soft 1 seated 1 start 1 geezer 1 swindled 1 trembled 1 admonished 1 shielded 1 actual 1 obscure 1 jeez 1 piss 1 intertwined 1 profile 1 electric 1 begins 1 jarred 1 notch 1 disco 1 callused 1 arteries 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 describe 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 chippies 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 simmerin ' 1 fistfuls 1 folder 1 flailing 1 fillin ' 1 flask 1 gin 1 giggled 1 traveling 1 reject 1 triple - a 1 acquired 1 jiving 1 natives 1 cooler 1 headphones 1 thousandfold 1 vet 1 flicked 1 detour 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 wrenches 1 marks 1 handy 1 bugs 1 sake 1 barn 's 1 feud 1 exquisitely 1 lamplight 1 ex - sheriff 's 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 prey 1 ted 1 piped 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 amazing 1 gruff 1 squabbles 1 chattered 1 palaver 1 cleft 1 class 1 thousands 1 americana 1 greenhouse 1 polynesia 1 hangers - on 1 sparky 1 rang 1 waist 1 nested 1 threads 1 slender 1 wallet 1 cecil 's 1 calf 1 etching 1 lemmesee 1 rust 1 applicants 1 cleaners 1 storm 1 undignified 1 diving 1 particle 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 parking 1 bargain 1 covetous 1 ducked 1 prickles 1 mid - thigh 1 horn 1 crabbed 1 employees 1 quietly 1 winter 1 ugly 1 investigating 1 fatter 1 sorts 1 servant 1 neither 1 explained 1 rewrote 1 pete 's 1 click - clocked 1 76 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shifted 1 ungainly 1 courthouse 1 cats 1 jungles 1 alto - relievo 1 brace 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 rim 1 fists 1 victim 1 noisy 1 prescribed 1 patrolled 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 swollen 1 stripes 1 means 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 disheveled 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 recall 1 moaned 1 barefoot 1 vfw 1 ached 1 pairing 1 park 1 reasonable 1 shrug 1 frankly 1 avaricious 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 choirboy 1 balanced 1 quagmire 1 darksome 1 microsoft 's 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 documentation 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 overlap 1 aw 1 vanishing 1 max 1 stays 1 axis 1 roll 1 modestly 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 dabbled 1 sand 1 john 1 ranks 1 beethoven 1 overlong 1 delayed 1 tobacco 1 waist - deep 1 seventeen 1 slime 1 glee 1 teat 1 ladder 1 disoriented 1 scar 1 twitches 1 droppings 1 blues 1 mountain 1 compatriots 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 akin 1 druggies 1 funhouse 1 george 1 disgorged 1 flank 1 loads 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 tinged 1 depending 1 dungarees 1 tremendous 1 talker 1 hull 1 feeble 1 hank 1 clubs 1 indigenous 1 meaningless 1 ink 1 receiver 1 gowns 1 banned 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 pizarro 1 1959 1 massively 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 valium 1 quieted 1 westerns 1 uniform 1 short - circuited 1 notes 1 overalls 1 fascinating 1 crashing 1 bid 1 17 1 agrarian 1 homicide 1 tiled 1 twelve 1 erected 1 hurriedly 1 fate 1 pete 1 kat 1 bus 1 intended 1 customs 1 fluorescent 1 drivers 1 handing 1 science 1 manicured 1 sparsa 1 pivoted 1 leather 1 industry 1 themselves 1 august 1 impulsive 1 scraped 1 lobbyists 1 tip 1 gracie 1 departed 1 ku 1 shimmering 1 stagger 1 acquisitions 1 coyly 1 tow 1 chewed 1 displayed 1 psycho 1 younger 1 diaper 1 schedule 1 oklahoma 1 summon 1 applied 1 fabric 1 calmed 1 condemnable 1 eat 1 function 1 scorched 1 looped 1 pony 1 cat 1 modulate 1 growled 1 halfway 1 crew 1 financial 1 wake 1 thrashing 1 configure 1 non 1 grades 1 relegated 1 blaze 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 rashes 1 vermiculate 1 middle - aged 1 practicing 1 ceilings 1 antiseptic 1 indians 1 gourds 1 suffused 1 gorilla 1 hiding 1 klan 1 resisted 1 tailgate 1 heir 1 deserved 1 sobriety 1 dump 1 focus 1 basis 1 ability 1 knee - jerk 1 slithering 1 hemingway 1 tommy 1 employed 1 world - beater 1 son 's 1 granddad 1 waggled 1 trailer 1 13 - wide 1 yellowing 1 sighed 1 gems 1 gauzy 1 feats 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 garage 1 settled 1 barret 1 razor 1 merry 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 accurate 1 khakis 1 centralia 1 off - campus 1 se 1 miter 1 remove 1 scribble 1 jittering 1 blooming 1 unrecognizable 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 disappeared 1 trudging 1 hick 1 elephant 1 scattering 1 familial 1 ritual 1 tattled 1 golfer 's 1 piglet 1 des 1 buttons 1 conceding 1 offing 1 healthy 1 buzzing 1 sublevels 1 battleship 1 nitty - gritty 1 gucci 1 missin ' 1 could ' ve 1 squawked 1 studying 1 unsavory 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 consider 1 alliance 1 twins 1 bathrobe 1 dissolve 1 satanism 1 dating 1 twitching 1 weapon 1 zombie 1 stonehenge 1 lower 1 freight 1 contracted 1 gestated 1 lipstick 1 heavens 1 lit 1 accounts 1 soo 1 slit 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 posh 1 bothers 1 crosshatched 1 yoo - hoo 1 neighborhood 1 digging 1 et 1 scratching 1 contamination 1 fractures 1 involved 1 pulses 1 ambulance 1 entourage 1 god - awful 1 undercurrent 1 founded 1 newton 1 drone 1 university 1 loud 1 baptists 1 pocus 1 deserves 1 today 's 1 visiting 1 dt 's 1 undocumented 1 faux 1 eggshell 1 spilling 1 ninety - eight 1 inventions 1 clap 1 seventy - five 1 diesel 1 therapist 1 corroded 1 sickened 1 deposited 1 ranging 1 ship 1 ahh 1 teams 1 gravid 1 unattached 1 ex - jarhead 1 straps 1 powerful 1 rum 1 boxed 1 alarmingly 1 peripheral 1 tangles 1 fractured 1 crisis 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 bunched 1 impending 1 specter 1 ruled 1 banquets 1 exit 1 gurgling 1 acres 1 axes 1 coven 1 havoc 1 margie 1 unpacked 1 tavern 1 culture 1 movements 1 curve 1 genetic 1 smug 1 furrow 1 inscrutable 1 carries 1 dublin 1 rattlesnake 1 all - american 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 esoteric 1 shipped 1 ye 1 dialer 1 guttural 1 exchanged 1 desolate 1 recent 1 so - called 1 beth 's 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 migraine 1 australia 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 tweeds 1 padded 1 beheld 1 gaped 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 roused 1 menagerie 1 carved 1 phoned 1 snipped 1 fetus 1 bake 1 formations 1 borrowed 1 halls 1 ton 1 allowance 1 directed 1 depressing 1 compounded 1 blearily 1 stub 1 killer 1 garbled 1 theater - sized 1 walnut 1 startle 1 plunged 1 flashed 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 marker 1 thunderous 1 prominent 1 skirt 1 earl 1 abscond 1 murder 1 maniacal 1 yogis 1 hurry 1 aka 1 intemperate 1 abductions 1 teagues 1 masked 1 flaccidly 1 deciding 1 fern 1 master 's 1 baby 1 praying 1 addiction 1 shoulda 1 respectable 1 84 1 murk 1 crews 1 considerin ' 1 tailor 1 equilibrium 1 humps 1 vanished 1 spiky 1 ribs 1 evolved 1 executive 1 seed 1 socialites 1 parcel 1 jammed 1 possessed 1 lie 1 confiding 1 abstractedly 1 various 1 klux 1 shellshock 1 lanky 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 strutted 1 harper 's 1 idled 1 overwhelming 1 lint 1 lapped 1 biologist 1 july 1 decorated 1 hid 1 may 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 operations 1 institutionalized 1 coyotes 1 casinos 1 installed 1 attached 1 chasms 1 kermit 1 trained 1 immediate 1 keloid 1 1916 1 requested 1 caltech 1 porn 1 getup 1 ace 1 census 1 hurried 1 relieved 1 wardrobe 1 wild - ass 1 communities 1 tigers 1 mockery 1 blocks 1 tactics 1 fooling 1 wryly 1 tickling 1 bastard 's 1 inheritors 1 examination 1 holds 1 stultified 1 impulse 1 dungeon 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 hamstrung 1 drawings 1 casings 1 clandestine 1 error 1 clicked 1 crimson 1 discerning 1 toppled 1 leaking 1 brandy 1 managed 1 mastiffs 1 southeast 1 loped 1 bulging 1 vault 1 hulking 1 416 1 farmland 1 proved 1 identical 1 event 1 swaggered 1 cheating 1 retained 1 maw 1 stevens 1 feed 's 1 oxygen 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 contemplated 1 included 1 pucker 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 veritable 1 blackened 1 rot 1 three - quarters 1 straggled 1 stander 1 fishbowl 1 offended 1 pressure 1 punctiliously 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 traversed 1 eagerly 1 lusterless 1 cortical 1 trim 1 maple 1 spit 1 maroon 1 coverlet 1 federal 1 cheekbone 1 shacking 1 largely 1 heritage 1 mt 1 gaunt 1 outright 1 geographic 1 polynesian 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 pub 1 1890s 1 flopping 1 profundo 1 lieutenant 1 snowball 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 gears 1 statuary 1 tubes 1 paw 1 convulsion 1 collect 1 eyewitness 1 shackled 1 cockamamie 1 slammed 1 skewed 1 toast 1 rigging 1 bandages 1 exhaustion 1 fund 1 fear 1 emigrated 1 ha 1 hobo 1 shaitan 1 legally 1 unlikely 1 79 1 stoic 1 half - full 1 clattering 1 clobber 1 guinness 1 plugged 1 b - barn 1 corral 1 incomprehensible 1 royally 1 elephantine 1 cash 1 vacate 1 jacking 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 gossen 's 1 disinterest 1 lonnie 1 500 1 shipping 1 forbade 1 islands 1 ruined 1 join 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 rumbling 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 ballroom 1 uw 1 charismatic 1 jacob 1 gentle 1 councilman 1 beetles 1 ruby 's 1 where ' ve 1 unit 1 contagious 1 lobotomizing 1 piled 1 traitorously 1 diggin ' 1 two - finger 1 drooping 1 musty 1 socket 1 marengo 1 febrile 1 greater 1 rows 1 formidable 1 dangerous 1 salter 's 1 uncapped 1 secondhand 1 script 1 dayshift 1 discussed 1 comfortable 1 saddle 1 june 1 grain 1 grinds 1 north 1 ducts 1 recollection 1 16 1 dispossessed 1 grounded 1 existed 1 chamber 1 mortals 1 majored 1 candidates 1 computer 1 dealt 1 staccato 1 ambitions 1 ward 1 jubilantly 1 dubious 1 admiration 1 dining 1 mel 1 nastiness 1 rancid 1 retrieve 1 pained 1 off - limits 1 crewcut 1 sexy 1 routinely 1 cooling 1 classical 1 1958 1 ph 1 snowy 1 ghoulish 1 graveyard - shift 1 framework 1 jewelry 1 gasses 1 eyed 1 prone 1 praise 1 miranda 1 bulls 1 combs 1 stitched 1 accustomed 1 tan 1 scientific 1 stockyard 1 madcap 1 planks 1 blighted 1 pa 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 trespassing 1 magnificently 1 tossed 1 velvet - dim 1 disturbance 1 egghead 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 two - inch 1 drunkenness 1 o 1 apparatus 1 housing 1 string 1 mustache 1 heaves 1 infidels 1 kinky 1 psychology 1 cannibal 1 imitation 1 animated 1 notebook 1 fitting 1 buddy 1 apprised 1 apart 1 achieve 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 yessir 1 stretched 1 swirl 1 alert 1 darting 1 corners 1 hotel 1 jowls 1 smoldered 1 cuba 1 trove 1 muckin ' 1 ribbed 1 keeps 1 outskirts 1 drapes 1 1915 1 revelry 1 83 1 drooled 1 desperate 1 friendliness 1 reliably 1 gnawed 1 medication 1 coarse 1 lined 1 grant 1 pompoms 1 ample 1 alongside 1 filling 1 apple 1 despite 1 dramas 1 switched 1 nameless 1 citizen 1 picturing 1 meditating 1 junior 1 wacky 1 temperature 1 lodge 1 constructs 1 minutes 1 panels 1 korea 1 pine 1 powers 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 clover 1 lolled 1 corpsman 1 revisited 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 charge 1 daggers 1 rusty 1 weals 1 toys 1 sandwiches 1 pitchforks 1 false 1 macy 1 inferior 1 facility 1 periodic 1 eels 1 what 're 1 airplanes 1 ill - fitting 1 brewery 1 twenties 1 outburst 1 observed 1 moonbeams 1 uh - hmm 1 ponytail 1 profane 1 spaghetti 1 texas 1 chin 1 indiscretions 1 gettin ' 1 thicker 1 via 1 whisper 1 kit 1 scorpions 1 syrup 1 owns 1 scars 1 chops 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 fleshy 1 darkest 1 hoarse 1 rail 1 actress 1 gift 1 pumpkins 1 dresses 1 partying 1 indemnity 1 mmm - mm 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 uncles 1 frayed 1 stonily 1 rift 1 planet 1 unhinge 1 carlotta 1 effect 1 revolved 1 bushes 1 ufos 1 backs 1 piano 1 floatin ' 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 jags 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 southwest 1 entrance 1 blackening 1 bullshit 1 bunks 1 wanders 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 scenic 1 combined 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 yammering 1 play 1 4 1 blanked 1 drifting 1 ribbon 1 thinks 1 wobbly 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 circuits 1 learned 1 migrate 1 robed 1 there ' 1 malicious 1 scab 1 mighty 1 cable 1 distraction 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 spotty 1 flapping 1 proper ' 1 heal 1 ceded 1 accelerate 1 traipsed 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 seal 1 access 1 incredible 1 ol ' 1 board 1 etcetera 1 carrots 1 choked 1 unaccounted 1 chopped 1 latticed 1 advisers 1 grasp 1 activity 1 gooks 1 tissues 1 presence 1 urban 1 fabrication 1 peasant 1 swig 1 dumpster 1 nudged 1 sobered 1 reckon 1 chicks 1 lonely 1 slackened 1 brushfire 1 cow 1 beauty 1 fussy 1 cheyenne 1 virginia 1 mozart 1 snakes 1 sheriff 1 thailand 1 cans 1 stretch 1 grotty 1 solemnly 1 grafted 1 western 1 faced 1 cabbage 1 nipples 1 skimmed 1 mastermind 1 quart 1 bonus 1 jesse 1 surging 1 bijou 1 rosebushes 1 abundance 1 scavengers 1 beard 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 browning 1 barrel 1 meeting 1 geography 1 varying 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 alaska 1 levitate 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 maverick 1 nests 1 unstoppable 1 companion 1 swiped 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 engines 1 visions 1 tits - up 1 african 1 contact 1 famous 1 bearers 1 muertos 1 slippers 1 plane 1 wrestler 1 sizzle 1 quaaludes 1 seek 1 spider 1 sylvester 1 lavey 's 1 forcing 1 wrenched 1 barkin ' 1 forsythia 1 hunted 1 hung - over 1 fighting 1 pronounce 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 chick 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 respecting 1 tea 1 elocution 1 men 's 1 1927 1 surfing 1 half - finished 1 four - star 1 plinth 1 adrenalized 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 paragraphs 1 settlement 1 magician 1 widows 1 pouring 1 empire 1 yourself 1 proposed 1 farewell 1 frills 1 passion 1 unwieldy 1 bona 1 era 1 unclear 1 smellin ' 1 ransacked 1 rattlesnakes 1 additional 1 canasta 1 oil - stained 1 tickled 1 stare 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 twinkled 1 bustin ' 1 wrangling 1 trench 1 repressed 1 loaned 1 correspondence 1 chicanery 1 sneering 1 reformed 1 absently 1 spiel 1 whirring 1 pangs 1 freezing 1 turkey 1 admiring 1 whipping 1 curled 1 slug 1 clusters 1 hutchison 1 grief 1 shout 1 ahem 1 gunner 1 watery 1 ankles 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 ceremonial 1 biology 1 tiger - striped 1 quarters 1 hector 1 off - duty 1 impossibly 1 spoiled 1 grace 1 plus 1 necking 1 brillo 1 askin ' 1 yelm 1 quaked 1 denial 1 cup 1 gadgets 1 skins 1 zippo 1 peering 1 emergo 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 pattered 1 poger 1 bopped 1 laugh 1 arrange 1 magicians 1 sponge 1 mom 1 rotted 1 countless 1 sadistic 1 indicated 1 vow 1 threw 1 nebulas 1 power 1 self - made 1 gangrenous 1 traitorous 1 sneered 1 period 1 coop 1 strong - arm 1 inexorably 1 claim 1 heh 1 calming 1 deposits 1 pads 1 forbidden 1 mansion 1 mummy 1 players 1 flick 1 thy 1 stroking 1 groovy 1 sluice 1 plants 1 policeman 's 1 heavies 1 grating 1 exotic 1 adaptation 1 bend 1 patted 1 downed 1 aunt 1 speaking 1 cortez 1 argentina 1 systems 1 inherited 1 might ' ve 1 grip 1 sticking 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 add 1 surgery 1 essentials 1 swell 1 including 1 control 1 sue 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 bureau 1 february 1 revolves 1 mit 1 5 1 blankets 1 barb 1 kick 1 happens 1 content 1 phalluses 1 crypts 1 treads 1 peacock 1 timely 1 pussy 1 1926 1 wife 's 1 frowning 1 rolodex 1 agree 1 boston 1 fellas 1 transport 1 solely 1 festered 1 pill- 1 sifted 1 create 1 below 1 altered 1 vans 1 o'clock 1 lamb 's 1 pitying 1 shaped 1 gut 1 pinafore 1 critically 1 communion 1 adventure 1 grade 1 stalling 1 eerily 1 cultist 1 unannounced 1 methods 1 1947 1 shroud 1 nonstop 1 squeaked 1 prototype 1 t 1 latrine 1 laying 1 futility 1 sad 1 duration 1 american - controlled 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 shitting 1 mock 1 writing 1 wooly 1 marry 1 whack 1 ticket 1 parkinson 's 1 implements 1 undone 1 loosest 1 naw 1 drunks 1 rising 1 boulders 1 dented 1 corrections 1 suits 1 strangling 1 distinction 1 caller 1 champing 1 relative 1 packet 1 gasping 1 inverse 1 mannequin 1 saucer 1 ignited 1 forms 1 neutral 1 hampton 1 childhood 1 four - point - oh 1 mask 1 precluded 1 scans 1 who 's 1 spirits 1 heartbeat 1 shoved 1 impaired 1 salmon 1 bundle 1 post 1 nifty 1 sprinkling 1 lever 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 gaslight 1 muted 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pins 1 slope 1 oughta 1 pack 1 cistern 1 heaving 1 connection 1 closest 1 listening 1 mayor 1 procured 1 definition 1 spanish 1 bang 1 polka 1 prowlers 1 mesmerized 1 condensation 1 breathed 1 tumor 1 swedish 1 slobbering 1 sculptures 1 beast 1 amongst 1 regis 1 clinic 1 wild - eyed 1 middleweight 1 opener 1 monthly 1 bulldozer 1 prairie 1 highlights 1 joint 1 replied 1 alternate 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 horse 's 1 cooking 1 promotion 1 mysteries 1 manufacturer 1 husky 1 chock 1 wheezy 1 1895 1 coverall 1 unlit 1 winding 1 pick 1 upward 1 ambience 1 dyed - in - the - wool 1 discussing 1 grudgingly 1 tear 1 broadly 1 13 1 distinguish 1 graves 1 relics 1 saved 1 effects 1 healed 1 drained 1 newly 1 crumbling 1 date 1 oriental 1 anxieties 1 implication 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 install 1 leaded 1 wit 1 antibiotics 1 pistols 1 happening 1 crazy - mean 1 flesh - tone 1 shades 1 elevating 1 solitary 1 brings 1 high - tech 1 crusty 1 lind 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 closing 1 doomed 1 ambitious 1 15 1 battles 1 nip 1 jangling 1 isolated 1 sofa 1 model 1 national 1 ma 1 reserve 1 spooked 1 stand 1 streamers 1 neighbors 1 fist 1 undulating 1 blackberry 1 doorjamb 1 staid 1 addressed 1 stainless 1 explain 1 beginning 1 mid-'60s 1 rilled 1 knotty 1 highly 1 rifles 1 husbands 1 similarly 1 essay - worthy 1 briton 1 strictly 1 genial 1 musta 1 bums 1 wheat 1 peckers 1 futile 1 sooner 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 supervisor 1 clark 1 driver 's 1 double - headed 1 tiered 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 places 1 slight 1 rice 1 encouragement 1 smog 1 midwest 1 imposition 1 45 1 safely 1 attract 1 sailed 1 slip 1 injuries 1 lean 1 belts 1 blow 1 fabricated 1 primal 1 grieving 1 articles 1 prove 1 entertain 1 reputation 1 altar 1 hold - ups 1 disposed 1 graced 1 stalks 1 cart 1 bellevue 1 sauna 1 hymn 1 episodes 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 unusual 1 opaque 1 closet 1 trace 1 earned 1 extra 1 touched 1 bonfire 1 hinges 1 candlelit 1 goods 1 motto 1 wimpy 1 yards 1 snufalupagus 1 sun - dried 1 caw - ca - caw 1 groove 1 purple 1 spooky 1 toy 1 sucks 1 nicked 1 densely 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 trussed 1 crows 1 charity 1 clump 1 pseudo - honeymoon 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 henhouse 1 boredom 1 pistol - whipping 1 evident 1 hinky 1 faithful 1 aspera 1 malaysia 1 carousel 1 wandering 1 raising 1 tellin ' 1 lucrative 1 dawned 1 wally - dear 1 half - expected 1 ramming 1 bengal 1 everybody 1 kicker 1 waved 1 cemetery 1 pistol 1 butts 1 deck 1 reshaping 1 triangle 1 sledgehammer 1 bakkers 1 med 1 circulatin ' 1 budge 1 speaker 1 defeat 1 remains 1 tactical 1 morass 1 salute 1 tales 1 hotels 1 murky 1 faltered 1 movement 1 lazy 1 baroque 1 removed 1 varnished 1 cadence 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 violent 1 pixilated 1 noggin 1 godofbloatchemoshbaalpeeorbelphegor 1 luxury 1 demon 1 kelp 1 kindergartner 1 acquire 1 strain 1 nosed 1 calaban 1 separated 1 get - go 1 types 1 accepting 1 apex 1 monitor 1 rested 1 abroad 1 zigzag 1 hicks 1 land 's 1 puhlease 1 parlors 1 memories 1 revolvers 1 hunt 1 credit 1 determine 1 undulation 1 steadied 1 become 1 snapped 1 fuss 1 reams 1 motions 1 disavowed 1 burned 1 meds 1 louder 1 perfume 1 v - j 1 dental 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 cherry 1 hairspray 1 texture 1 buddies 1 pitched 1 pleased 1 assistance 1 swing 1 chose 1 stares 1 lead 1 leaves 1 caution 1 glaciers 1 shivered 1 receded 1 discipline 1 sip 1 wishes 1 phlegm 1 comic 1 resemblance 1 black - and - white 1 governor 's 1 blueprints 1 shoving 1 glittering 1 mustard - yellow 1 blackjack 1 unhappy 1 whisked 1 spouting 1 whose 1 ditty 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 photographic 1 cd 1 depicting 1 pillows 1 backward - slanting 1 coagulation 1 america 1 anarchist 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 encourage 1 engineering 1 slowed 1 scheme 1 lodged 1 complacent 1 bound 1 chauffeur 1 uncle 1 attorney - at - law 1 leg 1 october 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 reported 1 butted 1 fall 1 bowels 1 peruvian 1 terror 1 camel 1 tarot 1 pinching 1 docks 1 naturally 1 avocations 1 ineffable 1 happenin 's 1 conducted 1 superconductor 1 thoughtful 1 bayonet 1 transylvanian 1 featureless 1 patriarch 1 landscaped 1 shelled 1 forever 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 refuses 1 hanford 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 devil 's 1 specifically 1 army 1 movers 1 sprang 1 sadness 1 eyeballing 1 leaden 1 enjoyed 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 plushest 1 shakes 1 dumb 1 africa 1 circuit 1 ducking 1 court 1 milled 1 razed 1 clientele 1 backed 1 orphaned 1 introspection 1 progress 1 minor 1 lovers 1 sleepy 1 high - stakes 1 structures 1 elizabeth 1 reeled 1 performin ' 1 civilized 1 clanging 1 evolve 1 rolls 1 tropical 1 perturb 1 membranous 1 oh - so - cozy 1 countries 1 thermostat 1 towel 1 anti - mirror 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 bucks 1 appearances 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 intermarried 1 tuna 1 block 1 achilles ' 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 regards 1 grow 1 double 1 distinctly 1 sum 1 hoeing 1 edgy 1 hallucinatory 1 dabbing 1 greek 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 brief 1 crushed 1 array 1 dad 's 1 estimated 1 scowling 1 denture - perfect 1 steeped 1 streaks 1 allowed 1 what - have - you 1 site 1 net 1 we ' ve 1 gobi 1 laboratory 1 arcane 1 moped 1 walrus 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 remind 1 worst 1 slugs 1 marbles 1 barbwire 1 wizard 1 witness 1 shucks 1 imagined 1 gardener 1 knuckle 1 disney 1 badger 1 cubes 1 stalwart 1 stew 1 fluttered 1 wasps ' 1 abomination 's 1 afflicted 1 thousand 1 foul 1 avant - garde 1 craggy 1 nights 1 reasons 1 gatherings 1 half - dozen 1 miners 1 heel 1 witch 1 hem 1 run - of - the - mill 1 migrated 1 developments 1 marine 1 hiccupping 1 amassing 1 provoked 1 carted 1 magnet 1 remarkably 1 combed 1 thickened 1 joints 1 barbs 1 steer 1 homegrown 1 manmade 1 foyer 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 1954 1 emphasis 1 infection 1 tore 1 moon 1 vertical 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 sewage 1 tar 1 lispy 1 churning 1 skimpy 1 lassitude 1 slouched 1 waltz 1 coughed 1 walker 1 doodads 1 timber 1 mandarin 1 popular 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 caddy 1 ruins 1 fide 1 digger 1 feels 1 traffic 1 yorker 1 shocking 1 death - warmed - over 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 no - go 1 entrenched 1 benchwarmer 1 bandaged 1 livid 1 students 1 locally 1 reassured 1 rash 1 guy 's 1 countered 1 hennessy 1 recovered 1 retired 1 scabs 1 markers 1 folds 1 christmases 1 breed 1 cries 1 fantastic 1 denim 1 pitch 1 converted 1 y'might 1 illegitimate 1 steam 1 homestead 1 reserved 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 sensual 1 sharpened 1 buzzer 1 indispensable 1 putrescence 1 masonic 1 involving 1 litter 1 witches 1 weeks 1 epicenter 1 cider 1 tower 1 cars 1 formula 1 horizon 1 umbrella 1 wattage 1 leery 1 convolutions 1 increased 1 frequent 1 pop - eyed 1 pretend 1 frames 1 profs 1 domes 1 approached 1 weapons 1 haunting 1 grandma 's 1 disgusted 1 elongated 1 hanger 1 flanks 1 food 1 knick - knacks 1 vision 1 squishing 1 dray 1 cloth 1 warps 1 bits 1 one - time 1 bright 1 satan 1 flowed 1 rut 1 summer 1 titters 1 barked 1 aquarium 1 waste 1 push 1 bypass 1 precise 1 hand - sewn 1 hollowness 1 butlery 1 whiskey 1 populated 1 finest 1 jameson 1 operate 1 labor 1 license 1 extra - wide 1 bags 1 periphery 1 knot 1 evolution 1 sorcerer 1 explanation 1 prying 1 7 1 w - what 1 scholarship 1 tool 1 undersea 1 twittered 1 mount 1 unkind 1 impressive 1 doubled 1 sinews 1 snoqualmie 1 night 's 1 overrun 1 barn - b - barn 1 kamikaze 1 charred 1 orders 1 courted 1 staph 1 hong 1 pissed 1 alarm 1 complained 1 fragile 1 vaguely 1 massaged 1 tramping 1 aged 1 rimless 1 amazement 1 bosom 1 alcohol - fueled 1 something 's 1 duties 1 thewed 1 buncha 1 shining 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 nabbed 1 comforter 1 official 1 inattentiveness 1 solve 1 securing 1 ad 1 willies 1 link 1 grilled - in 1 lingered 1 bric - a - bracs 1 chat 1 thatcher 1 heating 1 leaks 1 airlifted 1 snowshoes 1 parlor 1 judgment 1 conical 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 northwestern 1 macabre 1 trash 1 expert 1 female 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 carter 1 bolted 1 incident 1 attack 1 regenerative 1 biblical 1 reeked 1 amalgam 1 prehistoric 1 dandelions 1 hardy 1 urge 1 nylon 1 intermittent 1 worshipers 1 dose 1 visited 1 motive 1 two - headed 1 supersymmetry 1 filaments 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 saturated 1 chaos 1 braids 1 adams ' 1 cotter 1 transferred 1 albino 1 brushloads 1 assure 1 haggard 1 morphine 1 demerol 1 squat 1 rounds 1 payback 1 wolf 1 slapping 1 centered 1 tackle 1 lunged 1 controlled 1 mood 1 rustling 1 stale 1 youngsters 1 x - ray 1 draped 1 furiously 1 legendary 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 oddly 1 frying 1 problems 1 numero 1 kirlian 1 lowered 1 engineer 1 hysteria 1 inched 1 pyre 1 ovo 1 elks 1 sections 1 reed 1 tripping 1 companies 1 1967 1 accessory 1 wasps 1 chemical - rich 1 beans 1 vienna 1 comprehension 1 crippled 1 seesawed 1 prohibitive 1 bow 1 signature 1 happenstance 1 gobs 1 inhalation 1 cinders 1 legible 1 elf 1 viciousness 1 intact 1 darted 1 radar 1 sonsofbitches 1 crackling 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 hallucinating 1 magnum 1 sharpness 1 subordinates 1 lookin ' 1 yapped 1 serrated 1 telemarketer 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 generator 1 brouhaha 1 washroom 1 frog 1 razzle - dazzle 1 glad 1 brit 1 hatched 1 helmut 1 spikes 1 tire 1 commanded 1 donated 1 babbling 1 written 1 unable 1 rap 1 dude 1 bullets 1 gritted 1 completed 1 buddha 1 coors 1 suffered 1 obtained 1 nickel - plated 1 tearing 1 wants 1 splinted 1 solemn 1 blitzed 1 apparently 1 multi - tiered 1 big - game 1 off - key 1 recessed 1 myself 1 echoed 1 headlock 1 proceeding 1 jellyfish 1 steiners 1 smartest 1 grains 1 painting 1 how 'd 1 dope 1 waaay 1 skips 1 high - class 1 sandy 1 acted 1 wear 1 stony 1 357 1 acuity 1 filigreed 1 pastures 1 loops 1 echoes 1 dollars 1 johnsons 1 lattice 1 legal 1 pegboard 1 statue 1 nuptials 1 diapers 1 trusted 1 fleeing 1 level 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 coupled 1 resistant 1 slap 1 yellowstone 1 youth 1 monogrammed 1 star - winner 1 threshing 1 perfectly 1 bicep 1 straightened 1 waded 1 puppy 1 wasted 1 apathy 1 waterlogged 1 indefatigable 1 they ' ve 1 lowed 1 troubled 1 yokel 1 shy 1 wits 1 studded 1 lawmakers 1 vandyke 1 dodged 1 doom 1 triple 1 craned 1 laureate 1 corner 1 reishi 1 cocktail 1 brother 's 1 aides 1 gourd 1 experimental 1 apace 1 mother 1 honor 1 beaming 1 industries 1 other 's 1 delivery 1 gnawing 1 nationalities 1 windup 1 leash 1 sixteen 1 gregarious 1 leered 1 glitter 1 originally 1 astra 1 limp 1 egregiously 1 screeched 1 unpleasant 1 slackly 1 nor 1 responsible 1 looks 1 sneak 1 wander 1 pinewood 1 predicting 1 reached 1 tracked 1 swarthy 1 hairline 1 argue 1 beef 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 must ' ve 1 transitions 1 finance 1 straw 1 socials 1 chandelier 1 fashion 1 esophageal 1 genuflection 1 quickly 1 bleakly 1 movie - star 1 trailing 1 moving 1 spur 1 muckety - mucks 1 promises 1 crapped 1 rushed 1 quivered 1 twenty - first 1 anywhere 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 undergrad 1 daylight 1 hitch 1 boor 1 mounted 1 sign 1 perimeter 1 ought 1 chucked 1 confessed 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 thirty 1 influence 1 pornography 1 flytraps 1 floating 1 stashed 1 madmen 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 puppets 1 snares 1 resolve 1 unmade 1 magically 1 bumpin ' 1 step 1 mesh 1 balloon 1 stress 1 neurotic 1 confiscated 1 brushed 1 skipped 1 sunken 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 rag 1 tradition 1 patriarchs 1 dodgers 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 crowded 1 thereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfill 1 fouled 1 obliterating 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 trap 1 bacterial 1 bulb 1 pimply 1 paunch 1 pull 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 plodded 1 dread 1 robbin ' 1 divide 1 sinister 1 gait 1 keyholes 1 speculation 1 color 1 stitches 1 prodigy 1 hurled 1 watered 1 mindless 1 discounting 1 crowned 1 florid 1 reading 1 distanced 1 axe - handle 1 farmin ' 1 android 1 adventures 1 superconducting 1 youngish 1 expectations 1 jumpsuits 1 mitigated 1 translucence 1 shelf 1 briars 1 moines 1 suing 1 snaky 1 enfolded 1 blooms 1 aerospace 1 palpable 1 shabby 1 chestnut - paneled 1 betcha 1 rn 1 twenty - mile - long 1 theoretical 1 inevitable 1 refrigerator 1 tacked 1 railroad 1 witch 's 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 backseat 1 loading 1 purple - black 1 ivory 1 louise 1 gruffly 1 screams 1 screening 1 sonny 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 trophies 1 unspeakable 1 constellations 1 shutting 1 books 1 doolittle 1 hosiery 1 baked 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 luctor 1 talkin ' 1 preposterously 1 baritone 1 spoken 1 scion 1 buckles 1 wings 1 circled 1 vain 1 garb 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 stepped 1 capabilities 1 goat 1 cursed 1 patio 1 cons 1 paint 1 snap 1 conveyed 1 bracketed 1 champagne 1 psychedelic 1 jostled 1 granite 1 prospect 1 contacted 1 fish - black 1 successful 1 sandals 1 handily 1 minimal 1 technician 1 headed 1 decaying 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 ate 1 cupped 1 jacob 's 1 ivy - covered 1 comrades 1 unfaithful 1 unseasonably 1 gardener 's 1 rankled 1 imperial - era 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 landowner 1 acknowledging 1 awhile 1 ab 1 reign 1 spinning 1 sang 1 general 1 century 1 tent 1 spelled 1 bourbon 1 agreed 1 manure 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 lobbyist 1 subsided 1 five 1 confusion 1 clock 1 closer 1 senses 1 cavernous 1 granddaughter 1 cathedral 1 semi - valuable 1 pointy 1 heightened 1 gently 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 adult 1 sidelines 1 crow 1 seem 1 whispers 1 flowing 1 falls 1 interviewed 1 elephants 1 clung 1 schematics 1 well - digger 's 1 raucously 1 babies 1 organisms 1 souvenirs 1 vineland 1 eats 1 tunnel 1 tendons 1 contours 1 cookbook 1 sneaked 1 terminated 1 unearthed 1 blank 1 boss ' 1 boars 1 expense 1 acting 1 tube - feeding 1 social 1 bloom 1 suet 1 helped 1 hunter 1 modern 1 pathetic 1 bees 1 kennedy 1 lines 1 lampposts 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 goddesses 1 glinted 1 overtones 1 photographing 1 ballooned 1 subatomic 1 hypermutation 1 minus 1 paddy 1 whizz - bang 1 greener 1 remembrance 1 favored 1 extremities 1 bloodshot 1 kiln 1 spirit 1 involvement 1 thumbed 1 mattocks 1 investigation 1 certainty 1 obsidian 1 foolishness 1 jew 1 cavalry 1 traces 1 uppers 1 gawk 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 strikes 1 visitors 1 fart 1 where 'd 1 glom 1 yeats 1 imploded 1 greed 1 assholes 1 latest 1 works 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 genius 1 calves 1 residence 1 thirst 1 peaceful 1 mornin ' 1 sadly 1 nauseated 1 praised 1 divorces 1 butter 1 instincts 1 dour 1 listen 1 unfiltered 1 spectrum 1 things - to - do 1 foundation 1 improvements 1 metals 1 cranky 1 swanky 1 hips 1 revolver 1 marconi 1 jacket 1 floorboards 1 underground 1 hugged 1 informed 1 flyin ' 1 aborigines 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 repair 1 fountain 1 scientists 1 jd 1 standard 1 trousers 1 community 1 pair 1 deed 1 feared 1 success 1 leap 1 carbines 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 vases 1 cigs 1 freakishly 1 lantern 1 implicated 1 appearance 1 keyhole 1 h 1 quaint 1 destroy 1 seriously 1 feces 1 ramrod 1 chopping 1 structure 917 .
mark had worked in other hospitals before , but the stark , clutter free cleanliness of st . benedict gave her pause , its anti - infection regime lauded as an excellent example to the rest of the country .
she s not an alien , she s just from another country .
their numbers swelling as they were joined by the warriors of ceredigion , dinoding , edyrnion , rhos and all the valleys and plains of mona and gwynedd , ambrosius army poured triumphantly down from the mountains in an irresistible stream , as the barbarian clans had ridden out from these hills in former days , unlike them not to plunder a divided country , but to unite it against the common foe .
i pass through your lands in order to find and punish the saxons who have been ravaging your country .
perchance , too , as bannerworth hall , which he is sure to visit , wears such an air of desertion , i may be able to persuade him that the bannerworth family , as well as his uncle , have left this part of the country altogether ; so that , without making any inquiry for them about the neighbourhood , he may be induced to leave at once.that would be well .
the captain of the ship took carter to an old sea tavern where flocked the mariners of quaint countries , and promised that he would next day shew him the wonders of the twilight city , and lead him to the taverns of the onyx - miners by the northern wall .
mirandas voice stirred elise from her attention on the face of the brunette girl who had disappeared on her lifelong dream to see the country on a shoestring budget , and fuelled by hope and dreams .
the police came and like school kids all over the country , the band kind of dispersed , standing in guilty groups , most having nothing to say .
they spent a month in the country , visiting a host of cities on a cross - country jaunt between their arrival and departure .
what no one understood was that we would all soon have the same basic quality of care regardless of the country we called home .
i m paying these people to turn the country into a land of zombies and idiots .
having had some time at my disposal when in london , i had visited the british museum , and made search among the books and maps in the library regarding transylvania ; it had struck me that some foreknowledge of the country could hardly fail to have some importance in dealing with a nobleman of that country .
having had some time at my disposal when in london , i had visited the british museum , and made search among the books and maps in the library regarding transylvania ; it had struck me that some foreknowledge of the country could hardly fail to have some importance in dealing with a nobleman of that country .
i find that the district she named is in the extreme east of the country , just on the borders of three states , transylvania , moldavia , and bukovina , in the midst of the carpathian mountains ; one of the wildest and least known portions of europe .
i was not able to light on any map or work giving the exact locality of the castle dracula , as there are no maps of this country as yet to compare with our own ordnance survey maps ; but i found that bistritz , the post town named by countess dracula , is a fairly well - known place .
this may be so , for when the magyars conquered the country in the eleventh century they found the huns settled in it .
all day long we seemed to dawdle through a country which was full of beauty of every kind .
countess dracula had directed me to go to the golden krone hotel , which i found , to my great delight , to be thoroughly old - fashioned , for of course i wanted to see all i could of the ways of the country .
there is a flask of slivovitz ( the plum brandy of the country ) underneath the seat , if you should require it . '
the sound was taken up by another dog , and then another and another , till , borne on the wind which now sighed softly through the pass , a wild howling began , which seemed to come from all over the country , as far as the imagination could grasp it through the gloom of the night .
i fall into my country 's habit of putting your patronymic first , my friend joanna harker will not be by my side to correct and aid me .
you must make your conversation regarding my dear new country of england less interesting , so that i may not forget how time flies by us , and with a courtly bow , she quickly left me .
it is more dangerous that you think in this country .
it seemed to have in it a whole history of the country .
it must be nephew to see strange countries .
already the certainty that the countess is out of the country has given his comfort .
here quincy morris added , ' i understand that the countess comes from a wolf country , and it may be that she shall get there before us .
this is the country where bribery can do anything , and we are well supplied with money .
her past is a clue , and the one maid of it that we know , and that from her own lips , tells that once before , when in what ms . morris would call a ' tight place , ' she went back to her own country from the land she had tried to invade , and thence , without losing purpose , prepared herself for a new effort .
while you , my lady godalming and friend joanna go in your so swift little steamboat up the river , and whilst joan and quincy guard the bank where perchance she might be landed , i will take minas right into the heart of the enemy 's country .
we took it , that somewhere about the 47th degree , north latitude , would be the place chosen for crossing the country between the river and the carpathians .
it is a lovely country .
the country gets wilder as we go , and the great spurs of the carpathians , which at veresti seemed so far from us and so low on the horizon , now seem to gather round us and tower in front .
i am here to speak with the citizens of this great nation about the current state of affairs , both in this country and around the world .
your country is behind you .
for a moment he cursed the quantity of people in the world , for he had been in the northeast corner of the country only a month before and in the past would have found the boy without much effort , but he pushed that frustration away .
josh , for his part , explicated his personal theory , buoyed by the story of kyras husband , that there existed a connection , though never disclosed in public , between the rodent flu pandemic and the attacks that occurred around the country , and , for all he knew , the world .
the very fact that mapleview was founded in 1830 might lead an expert to pinpoint an area in this country that was settled in during that timeframe .
and then one might conclude that dense forests should nt be located in a particular area , or that wolves are not indigenous to a certain imagined part of the country .
daren traveled the country ; demonstrating innovative , new medical equipment and could set up residence anywhere .
people all over the country sell vases that have ( or had ) unusual discoveries to the museum .
maybe i ' m living in a fantasy world , but it just amazes me that we hooked up in an internet chat room where you can meet people all over the country .
and most of these civilizations remained scattered about the country long after it was given the name of america .
our country is thousands of years rich in native american history .
but in this part of the country , officers who trained for such missions ( that would probably never happen until that saturday in november ) were skilled hunters and very handy with scope rifles .
the world health organization confirmed today that the disease known simply as the fever has been recorded in every country and on every continent except antarctica .
rural sections of the country may see blocks as large as fifty square miles .
earlier today , the radio woman said that food centers were being set up around the country the judge might not be able to get us off the island , but he might be able to get some food delivered .
we do nt have that padding now , not here , not across the country as a whole .
police and military units were swamped with refugees fleeing harder - hit sections of the country and rushing to get out of metropolitan areas .
empty houses in neighborhoods across the country , especially those suspected of being struck by the fever , were being torched in increasing numbers by locals in an attempt to implement their own form of infection control .
so squibb park , like all the parks throughout the country , became an unofficial cemetery .
it is remarkable that not only wolves are subjects of these legends , but the most ferocious wild animals of each country .
those remaining divisions in the center of the country made their way to camp brandt .
the same thing was going on all over the country .
remembering thompsons words , i blurted , the zombies we find in the country will be stronger and take longer to take down .
the newest zombies will be in the country .
the republicans in congress wished colorado to become a state to help increase the republican numbers across the country .
as new country came into view below her she saw that it was bleaker and wilder than those seaward lands she had traversed .
the captain of the ship took carter to an old sea tavern where flocked the mariners of quaint countries , and promised that she would next day shew her the wonders of the twilight city , and lead her to the taverns of the onyx - miners by the northern wall .
well , that is a stupid thing to worry about because i have to use my passport to leave the country so that will leave a trail anyway .
we still need to get a flight out of the country .
other side of the country from me .
it still stuns me how small european countries are .
since paris does not sell prepaid phones , although they work if you buy them elsewhere in the eu , i had to pick up our phones from another country .
from the listless repose of the place , and the peculiar character of its inhabitants , who are descendants from the original dutch settlers , this sequestered glen has long been known by the name of sleepy hollow , and its rustic lads are called the sleepy hollow boys throughout all the neighboring country .
the whole neighborhood abounds with local tales , haunted spots , and twilight superstitions ; stars shoot and meteors glare oftener across the valley than in any other part of the country , and the nightmare , with her whole ninefold , seems to make it the favorite scene of her gambols .
i mention this peaceful spot with all possible laud , for it is in such little retired dutch valleys , found here and there embosomed in the great state of new york , that population , manners , and customs remain fixed , while the great torrent of migration and improvement , which is making such incessant changes in other parts of this restless country , sweeps by them unobserved .
he had three or four boon companions , who regarded him as their model , and at the head of whom he scoured the country , attending every scene of feud or merriment for miles round .
it was toward evening that ichabod arrived at the castle of the heer van tassel , which he found thronged with the pride and flower of the adjacent country .
the sons , in short square - skirted coats , with rows of stupendous brass buttons , and their hair generally queued in the fashion of the times , especially if they could procure an eel - skin for the purpose , it being esteemed throughout the country as a potent nourisher and strengthener of the hair .
and the freedom of a country do nt matter much if you ai nt got no lives , he half - muttered back at us as we left .
sources close to the author confirm that john and gina prescott are out of the country , but they are safe and wish to thank everyone for their concern .
` ` you know , in our country it 's customary to feed a guest in your house .
what may not be expected in a country of eternal light ?
but supposing all these conjectures to be false , you can not contest the inestimable benefit which i shall confer on all mankind , to the last generation , by discovering a passage near the pole to those countries , to reach which at present so many months are requisite ; or by ascertaining the secret of the magnet , which , if at all possible , can only be effected by an undertaking such as mine .
but the old woman decidedly refused , thinking herself bound in honour to my friend , who , when she found the mother inexorable , quitted her country , nor returned until she heard that her former master was married according to his inclinations .
she passed her younger days perpetually occupied by the affairs of her country ; a variety of circumstances had prevented her marrying early , nor was it until the decline of life that she became a wife and the mother of a family .
this woman , whose name was beaufort , was of a proud and unbending disposition and could not bear to live in poverty and oblivion in the same country where she had formerly been distinguished for her rank and magnificence .
the mother of their charge was one of those italians nursed in the memory of the antique glory of italy -- one among the schiavi ognor frementi , who exerted herself to obtain the liberty of her country .
on the birth of a second daughter , my junior by seven years , my parents gave up entirely their wandering life and fixed themselves in their native country .
i had hitherto attended the schools of geneva , but my mother thought it necessary for the completion of my education that i should be made acquainted with other customs than those of my native country .
if this rule were always observed ; if no woman allowed any pursuit whatsoever to interfere with the tranquillity of her domestic affections , greece had not been enslaved , caesar would have spared her country , america would have been discovered more gradually , and the empires of mexico and peru had not been destroyed .
my aunt is not pleased with the idea of a military career in a distant country , but ernestine never had your powers of application .
justin , thus received in our family , learned the duties of a servant , a condition which , in our fortunate country , does not include the idea of ignorance and a sacrifice of the dignity of a human being .
the month of may had already commenced , and i expected the letter daily which was to fix the date of my departure , when henrietta proposed a pedestrian tour in the environs of ingolstadt , that i might bid a personal farewell to the country i had so long inhabited .
i acceded with pleasure to this proposition : i was fond of exercise , and clerval had always been my favourite companion in the ramble of this nature that i had taken among the scenes of my native country .
while we love , while we are true to each other , here in this land of peace and beauty , your native country , we may reap every tranquil blessing -- what can disturb our peace ? '
the prospect of marrying a christian and remaining in a country where men were allowed to take a rank in society was enchanting to him .
they conversed with one another through the means of an interpreter , and sometimes with the interpretation of looks ; and safa sang to her the divine airs of his native country .
they remained confined for five months before the trial took place , the result of which deprived them of their fortune and condemned them to a perpetual exile from their native country .
' when the news reached leghorn that felice was deprived of her wealth and rank , the merchant commanded her son to think no more of his lover , but to prepare to return to his native country .
i remembered also the necessity imposed upon me of either journeying to england or entering into a long correspondence with those philosophers of that country whose knowledge and discoveries were of indispensable use to me in my present undertaking .
' i have seen , ' she said , ' the most beautiful scenes of my own country ; i have visited the lakes of lucerne and uri , where the snowy mountains descend almost perpendicularly to the water , casting black and impenetrable shades , which would cause a gloomy and mournful appearance were it not for the most verdant islands that believe the eye by their gay appearance ; i have seen this lake agitated by a tempest , when the wind tore up whirlwinds of water and gave you an idea of what the water - spout must be on the great ocean ; and the waves dash with fury the base of the mountain , where the priestess and her master were overwhelmed by an avalanche and where their dying voices are still said to be heard amid the pauses of the nightly wind ; i have seen the mountains of la valais , and the pays de vaud ; but this country , victoria , pleases me more than all those wonders .
' i have seen , ' she said , ' the most beautiful scenes of my own country ; i have visited the lakes of lucerne and uri , where the snowy mountains descend almost perpendicularly to the water , casting black and impenetrable shades , which would cause a gloomy and mournful appearance were it not for the most verdant islands that believe the eye by their gay appearance ; i have seen this lake agitated by a tempest , when the wind tore up whirlwinds of water and gave you an idea of what the water - spout must be on the great ocean ; and the waves dash with fury the base of the mountain , where the priestess and her master were overwhelmed by an avalanche and where their dying voices are still said to be heard amid the pauses of the nightly wind ; i have seen the mountains of la valais , and the pays de vaud ; but this country , victoria , pleases me more than all those wonders .
oh , surely the spirit that inhabits and guards this place has a soul more in harmony with woman than those who pile the glacier or retire to the inaccessible peaks of the mountains of our own country . '
we saw tilbury fort and remembered the spanish armada , gravesend , woolwich , and greenwich -- places which i had heard of even in my country .
she mentioned the beauties of her native country and asked us if those were not sufficient allurements to induce us to prolong our journey as far north as perth , where she resided .
the country in the neighbourhood of this village resembled , to a greater degree , the scenery of switzerland ; but everything is on a lower scale , and the green hills want the crown of distant white alps which always attend on the piny mountains of my native country .
my mothers was enraptured on finding me freed from the vexations of a criminal charge , that i was again allowed to breathe the fresh atmosphere and permitted to return to my native country .
if for one instant i had thought what might be the hellish intention of my fiendish adversary , i would rather have banished myself forever from my native country and wandered a friendless outcast over the earth than have consented to this miserable marriage .
we passed rapidly along ; the sun was hot , but we were sheltered from its rays by a kind of canopy while we enjoyed the beauty of the scene , sometimes on one side of the lake , where we saw mont saleve , the pleasant banks of montalegre , and at a distance , surmounting all , the beautiful mont blanc and the assemblage of snowy mountains that in vain endeavour to emulate him ; sometimes coasting the opposite banks , we saw the mighty jura opposing its dark side to the ambition that would quit its native country , and an almost insurmountable barrier to the invader who should wish to enslave it .
my first resolution was to quit geneva forever ; my country , which , when i was happy and beloved , was dear to me , now , in my adversity , became hateful .
i have traversed a vast portion of the earth and have endured all the hardships which travellers in deserts and barbarous countries are wo nt to meet .
during the day i was sustained and inspirited by the hope of night , for in sleep i saw my friends , my husband , and my beloved country ; again i saw the benevolent countenance of my mother , heard the silver tones of my elisha 's voice , and beheld clerval enjoying health and youth .
when the sailors saw this and that their return to their native country was apparently assured , a shout of tumultuous joy broke from them , loud and long - continued .
' yet i can not ask you to renounce your country and friends to fulfil this task ; and now that you are returning to england , you will have little chance of meeting with her .
but by the time she was strong enough to actually make contact with someone , she was halfway across the world , in a country where few thought in her language , and nearly insane from the isolation .
the males voice was deep with a hint of an accent like he had nt been back to his home country for many years .
as a composition , i am a foreigner in my own country .
this feeling she had , that she needed to drop everything and dash across the country , had less to do with their relationship than with the fact that he was all the family she had left .
she had n't realized her country had so much variety before this trip .
the night almost everyone was killed the few survivors herding themselves into makeshift houses of worship across the country , dormitories repellant to the evil that had washed over the planet .
a time before the divorce ripped us a country apart .
this should interest readers because lennox area residents breathe some of the worst air in the country .
residents need to know if they suffer more effects from pollution than other areas of the country , and why .
that event sent pump prices skyrocketing across the eastern half of the country .
they roam remote areas all across the country , mostly in western canada .
he knew that country like the back of his hand .
he liked to take pictures , and brubaker seemed to know the country like no one nibbles had ever heard of .
the municipality was one of the first in the country to go digital .
this is the dumbest , creepiest cop - force in the whole damned country , he vowed with conviction .
as much as i enjoy the scenery , and i do very muchits really the best this countrys got going for it and i ve seen most of this country so i know this to be truebut as much as the trees sooth the mind , sometimes you need to do something .
as much as i enjoy the scenery , and i do very muchits really the best this countrys got going for it and i ve seen most of this country so i know this to be truebut as much as the trees sooth the mind , sometimes you need to do something .
but i doubt he was wearing a robe when he and his family came to this area of the country .
the people here did nt care what the rest of the country thought because what happened to the people of vermont was entirely different than what happened to the people in oregon .
the people of the town , the state and the country all know that these are places that you can do just about anything you want .
there are times when i go down and sit by my bridge - and its only my bridge in the way that it is my lake or my town or my state or my country my ego is nt so large as to think that i am the owner of all these things , i possess them in the way that we all claim ownership of those things around us - and admire the craftsmanship of it .
they do nt love their towns or states or countries .
so i was looking at the paper where it has the map of all the country and it shows what the temperature is like all over and it uses colors , like the redder it gets , the hotter it is and the bluer it gets , the colder it gets and i was looking at arizona and it was nt even red anymore but it was more of a deep purple , like a bruise or something and i thought that it was so hot there that it hurts and i was glad i was up here where it was nice and greenish blue because that s the color of calm , you know ?
he felt it a personal affront that they would step foot in his place , as if osnos pharmacy was a country and he was its lord and king .
doug margoles who worked for years and saved for more to move his wife up to vermont and away from the more dangerous parts of the country , up to vermont that they both dreamed about for years and had never stopped dreaming about as being something of a paradise for them , where the seasons announced their changes with aplomb and the world seemed like it was made for people to adapt to live in as opposed a place that people adapted .
goddamn instructions are in chinese or some shitwhat the hells this country coming to ?
the old man went on his way , muttering about the goddamn chinee strangling the whole country .
viii katrine dumont was born in the french country of cheverny , situated in the val of loira .
the beautiful wife , despite you / he / she was accompanied by a so gruff man , it did n't brake his / her euphoria in that deserved clippings of thoughtlessness that tore her / it from the dark blanket of the job of country .
it had a body mozzafiato and the gruff companions of job of his / her / their father , excited up to the marrow by that beauty , rather than to accuse their total lack of refinement , that brought them to crowd all of their eyes on the body of katrine , did n't have of better to do what the man of the bad customs to reproach that his / her daughter went pursuing in theirs calm and chaste country .
his / her mother , consumed by the pain for the inauspicious situation in which his / her only daughter concerned and for his / her total impossibility to face her husband and that whole accursed country , by now you / he / she did n't do whether to complain and to despair the spark of the sadness being roused in any futile event of his / her statics day .
i perfectly remember me that when we were children we have danced together different times to the parties of country . ''
` ` you excuse , it is that i have never seen the music , that is i have never listened to the music , if not to the parties of country , as i have never seen anybody dance out of some recurrence . ''
giuliano clearly had the test that that ragazzina of country was not then so ingenue as it appeared to its family and it anticipated her father .
he repeated katrine to tall voice , unaware that his / her lover had followed her for the stradina of country that she had taken .
the raging attraction that had unexpectedly invested him / it , inexorably chained him / it to the feet of that young dame of country .
the edifice stood as monument to the ego of some obscenely wealthy businessman ; real wealth , in this country of all places !
and while outside used to be merely another country , humanitys fearful paranoia had never really grown up .
a beautiful piece of world , for opposite reasons , it did n't accept the invitation of the soviet imperialist , guilty to have invaded afghanistan : usa , canada , west germany , japan , china and other sixty countries remained home .
a libertine couple of ex bellocci , that gets married in a libertarian country to liberally to deal it commented , assuming the voice in to mock his / her mother .
and that they leave too much two impudent descendants in the most medieval country of west to decide their destiny in all autonomy .
` ` welcome in the country of the wonder , unknown pig . ''
an alone gesture of the hand of the modern al bab and the cave it opened wide him on the country of the wonder .
the nighttime memoirs are animal untrustworthy , they force you to pursue them where you would not like , they again fall you in that country of the wonder that you have found the strength to abandon during the day .
an anal country of the wonder , without skirt neither toy balloon , narrow among the crags of the duodeno , the darkened senses , in nanny of the only sense of smell .
i ve been looking into supernatural stories all around the country , trying to figure out which one would make a good first feature for our site .
i ' m leaving the country .
the woven pattern was unique to her village , but even without it she would have known the star was from goldenfield : they made the best solstice ornaments in the country .
maybe in your country , jenna said .
well , said jenna , of course alina did nt have enough power of her own to reawaken every dead soldier in the country , even as powerful as she wasnot nearly .
she poured all the magic in the country into that spell .
and in my country ... well , they do nt really tell us anything useful .
the country could barely keep its regular soldiers supplied , let alone the road - watchers who acted as secondary defenses .
seeking out the last of his blood relatives had taken ezekiel deep into the country .
there was an inexplicable growing spread of violent murderous rioting not just in america but across every country on the planet , yet the idea that the governor had ordered the murder of over five thousand prisoners seemed completely insane .
the warden cleared his throat before saying , the exact number of guards required to operate bayonne safely is classified for security reasons , as i m sure you understand , but i can promise you and your newspapers readers that this facility is one of the safest and best designed in the country .
if you really do have millions of dollars somewhere , why did nt you just leave the country when you were out on bail before your trial ?
it was supposed to be a typical thing ; round up the illegals and ship them back to their home countries , but there had been some rather horrific unexpected problems .
look penchansky , i m gon na level with you , i ve got no one else available at the moment with your degree of expertise , you are the only person in the world today capable of pulling this off , your country needs you damn it , now are you in or are you out ?
take it easy , and rememberyour country needs you .
i know you may only know me as the glamorous face of nasa mr bane and the partner of a deceased russian mercenary , but before i came to this country i was a very illustrious and well - honoured pilot with the 2nd air - space defence brigade based in the city of st petersburg .
with the way things are in the world at the moment , what with some of the larger countries actually going bankrupt , bane and his stash of rubies could make america the richest country in the world by miles , in fact if his plan were to work , then not only could he become the king of america but there would be nothing to stop him from conquering other countries in the same way .
with the way things are in the world at the moment , what with some of the larger countries actually going bankrupt , bane and his stash of rubies could make america the richest country in the world by miles , in fact if his plan were to work , then not only could he become the king of america but there would be nothing to stop him from conquering other countries in the same way .
with the way things are in the world at the moment , what with some of the larger countries actually going bankrupt , bane and his stash of rubies could make america the richest country in the world by miles , in fact if his plan were to work , then not only could he become the king of america but there would be nothing to stop him from conquering other countries in the same way .
i immediately fled back to russia , for no other reason than to surround myself with some familiarity , only to find that the country was at war with poland .
i escaped the next day , and with the odium of an outcast all that remained in my homeland , i fled the country .
charles agreed , although unfortunately not against that devil - creature thing that destroyed our hopes of becoming descendants to the throne , i would presume that that particular malevolent and hoary witch , or vampire for want of a better description , will be long departed by now , but revenge for the injustice that she brought upon our family , which resulted in our failure to reclaim a country that was rightfully ours to begin with , we did nt just govern america clayton , we owned it , and if frederick had survived he would have made damn sure that america would have been reclaimed under the rule of the british empire .
clayton bane scoured his brain in a vain attempt to remember what his brother had , on previous occasions , told him about their descendants plans for america , he knew that they planned to once more invade the country in an attempt to reclaim the land that they had lost during the war of independence but for the life of him he could not remember anything about the stratagems involved .
starting his hostilities with the historical first thirteen original breakaway states , he would then move his armys on and gain control of the remainder states one by one , finally leading to the wholly dominant reclamation of the entire country , and placing every one of its citizens back under the govern of the british empire .
at carefully selected airfields , all across the u.s . , fighter planes and their handsomely paid mercenary pilots currently sat ready to launch their stealthy jets into the air when given the nod , and to ultimately discharge their deadly viral quarry over all the major cities of the country .
and the genius of using the catts v9 virus to treat the land was that no other country in the entire world would be able to come to americas aid during the revolution process ; no one else had access to the antidote .
we will start afresh in america , and then perhaps in time , after everything in the new country is running like clockwork , we will rekindle our old family ties back in our native city of london .
after the release of the virus , and once i have made my public address on television informing the good citizens of the country about my revolutionary intentions , it will then be up to the american people to determine their own fate .
a kind of , kill all the people , but keep all the loot type of thing , so that post detonation an antidote could be released using the same means of saturation , so the government could then gain control of the infected town , city or country with all its assets still relatively intact .
was bane so desperate to stay in power that he would actually launch an attack on his own country ?
the second , is to talk to you about this once great country of ours , and the deteriorating state of affairs , that we now find ourselves in .
firstly , it will rid the country of all the street dross responsible for ninety per cent of our countrys crime , and secondly , and more importantly , the intensity of the situation acts as a spur to get people voting on their future .
firstly , it will rid the country of all the street dross responsible for ninety per cent of our countrys crime , and secondly , and more importantly , the intensity of the situation acts as a spur to get people voting on their future .
but most of you , i m sure , will realise that this is an ingenious way to move our country forward and out into a positive new era in the ethos of america .
the man behind its manufacture , one dr nelson catts , has stated publically that he now believes that the whole country can safely move around without fear of infection and that he , along with his associates in the military , will continue to do all that they can , to get the country back on its feet as soon as possible .
there was never any insurance or other benefits involved ( this was the early 70s and there were a helluva lot of other things going wrong in the country to keep most people busy ) , but the trailer was leased through the company and no job meant no roof .
it still ticked loudly , proclaiming the right time in a country somewhere half around the world .
the whole country seemed to be in a state of panic over the swine flu .
( my country of birth is great britain . )
first i was trying to get away from the memories in melbourne , then i come here and tried to settle into a country i was nt familiar with .
he calculated her kills , her many travels throughout the country and how her team gradually came together .
the bureau has more then enough resources in country to hand this case , constantine said , flatly .
in country ?
but the country will heal locally , too .
but here she was , on the other side of the country , on a quest .
he soon takes it upon himself to sabotage the whole of the cain project , including the results of batch 300 , fearing that the technology in the hands of americas enemies would be too great a risk for the country to bear .
to the rest of the country .
it feels a little un - american , doing that , because of the third amendment , though i guess any time were in country its kind of war time , is nt it ?
and most of the time were only in country to help the locals , and usually at the request of their government .
i hate being in a country like burma .
i lived in the west , but my family originally came from the east , in the stretch of land nixon bombed for fear of communists , which ironically enough gave you and your leftist allies control of the country .
my original family , with my parents , fled nixons bombs , and ended up on the opposite side of the country .
china , belgium , russia , the us , you put a lot of mines in your country , but the mn-79 is vietnamese .
the russians promised to keep the soyuz open to us , but then there was a fracas in some former soviet bloc country or another and we sided against them , and they told us exactly where we could stick their rocket .
whole country used to be indian territory , said pete , though the way he said it you would nt know how exactly he felt about it .
i should have been the protector of england , the one who defended queen , church , and country from paranormal threats .
one less enemy to threaten queen and country .
do you know this is happening all over the country ?
we ve just received word that all flights in and out of the country have been grounded .
the sparsely populated center of the country had far less of a problem than the coastal cities .
i heard that the country is relatively safe , lance said after a while .
were still getting reports from various parts of the country , but they re mostly military or some nut hiding in a bunker with a radio .
lance listened to the mans account of the status of the country , or lack thereof , in a passive , unblinking way .
luckily he was able to get a flight leaving the country almost immediately for germany .
he had to get out of peru , out of the country and away from what he had seen .
the next day , both the media and the general uproar in the city confirmed the fact that , like practically everyone else in the country , the dead had indeed migrated to the west coast .
that s very honorable to serve your country .
secondary characters honor bound to defend their country , but who did nt seemingly give a shit about their dead loved ones when only the main characters were able to save theirs or show emotional pitfalls when they could nt .
i saw it as one of the reasons this country is so safe .
stepping into the motorhome , i started to feel more optimistic about road - tripping to the other side of the country , which was fast becoming a zombie wasteland .
it might just be the only safe place left in melbourne , and it sounded like a much better idea than driving through the outback to the other side of the country .
the entire country changed in an instant .
deep down i knew that blowing up one little diseased town would nt stop the virus from taking over the entire country .
surrounded by ocean , it would n't take long for the authorities to stop anyone from entering or leaving the country .
they had spent so long fantasizing about and planning their move to the country that there were no obstacles , second thoughts or delays once the decision was made .
after the great warrior drove out the old ones , everyone and their brother had tried dominating the drugana , the halfling country of erinthalmus included .
there were a few organizations that advertised in select places around the country , places where people there might be likely to come here , but there was no sure way to target the people who would come and use my campground until i had built up a client list .
he also told them to remain in the country until the police released them .
let me tell you something about voodoo in the united states , oral traditions suggest that the occult part of magic mixed roman catholic beliefs , including saints , with african spirits and religious concepts , although voodoo is thought to be a caribbean magic it has its base here in this country .
seems like the rest of the country is in the same boat .
in parts of the country where lakes were not numerous , summer vacationers swarmed to lakes , but not so here .
ever since then shed fantasized about visiting the country .
he would nt have any luck there ; it would take too long to find those folks , many of them having moved on to the next city or country on their itineraries .
did something happen that caused you flee the country ?
i live in the wrong country , these huge fireplaces are fantastic .
the way we do things in this country ... people die or go to prison when they break into peoples ' houses . ''
i ve travelled all over the country hoping to find you one day .
folks poured in from all over the country in hopes of finding their fortune , they came to our small town of shilo like ants stirred out of a hole in the ground , thousands of em , in all manner of privation , some with only a shovel and the very clothes on their back .
the truth is , i m in the process of writing a book and have spent the last four months traveling the country trying to track down some stories .
my original intention was to gain employment with one of the more prestigious newspapers or magazines in the country , but after a number of dispiriting rejections i settled for a newer , albeit seedy magazine at the time called -- weird society .
i hear that mr . lincoln is a very great and compassionate man in your country .
it was the kind of brainwashing done in third world countries daily , recruiting the young in a cause that was dipped in blood .
if the kid had been born on the proper side of the ocean in gods country and spoke the native tongue , then he would have been heralded as a hero .
if i intended to break free in this new country , it would serve my purposes to learn the language quickly .
but right before my eyes , as i roamed this wild new country , the world changed ; it grew and yet somehow become smaller .
this was a time of hardship for my adopted country .
ah , the low countries .
henry stood as a popular king , having brought peace and stability to the country and they wished for the best with the oncoming union of england and spain by arthurs forthcoming marriage .
and i m not certain that the kings idea of keeping him wrapped up in cotton wool wo nt come back to haunt him or the country at a later date .
the wedding and the nuptials will be the talk of the country for some weeks .
somehow , the timing of it all was confused and he called for his mother , but she was nearly ten thousand miles away , in another country , another continent .
soldiers in the field had a thirteen - point - five percent chance of being wounded or killed in certain areas of the country they occupied .
ernie would heal them , help them to live on , so that they may return to the war and continue the fight for the good of the country .
its not right that we fought for our country and are now forgotten .
my friend , the local constabulary might indeed seem to be something out of a lil abner comic , and this area of the country might seem like backwards dogpatch , but i think in this instance you would do well to let this go , and simply mourn your tragic loss .
they got paid a rather hefty sum of taxpayer money to essentially sit around and do almost nothing apart from issuing tax orders and rounding up the occasional drunk , which was pretty rare in this country of full - gospel churches .
technically its not bluegrass , its country .
the news showed widespread devastation not only in the country but now all over the world .
this country is in an uproar like none we have ever seen .
of course , she could ve stolen a car and be all the way across the country for all terrill knew , but he sensed that she was nearprobably in oregon or one of the neighboring states .
he d spent decades here late in the last century , until a particularly bothersome vampire hunter had chased him out of the country .
all of you or you must leave this country forever .
even moving around the country , he could nt fully give in to his desires .
there are constant outbreaks , all over the country .
you press that button and every alarm in this place , the most secure supermax in the country , will go off , winters warned .
in his mind bloomed the red wave of the wildering horde in the simulations , an inexorable tide that washed over the entire country , and then the world , seemingly in the blink of an eye .
they were from different states , different countries .
it was then that they had shared their hopes for the future ; toms to finish his military stint and go to college , rahims for a home and country that was safe for his family .
` ` that could describe half the country . ''
despite having travelled to almost every civilised country in the world , i could n't place it .
the illuminated area of the country looked very similar to the state of california .
ethiopia , uganda , and tanzania set up border guards and tried to stop the refugees from getting into their countries .
their attempts probably would nt have worked anyway , but unfortunately , one of the countries bordering kenya is somalia , which has nt had a functioning government for years .
by late august almost all the countries bordering the mediterranean had major outbreaks .
our ham radios should have been able to reach outside our state and we should have been able to reach wards across the country by relaying messages between different wards , but we could only get into radio contact with a few wards in our state .
the difference between the two is mugabe has ended up almost destroying his country and mandela has , by his example , given south africa a chance to last forever .
both of these men fought in their youth to free their countries from white colonial rule and succeeded .
both were elected presidents of their countries , but mugabe never stepped down , and when he lost the support of his people , he used his secret police and army to keep his power .
in the end , by trying to keep control of a country that no longer loved him , he destroyed it economically .
in his lifetime he has become the patron saint of south africa and everyone in the world and his country loves and respects him .
instead , she s dragged into helping her family of eight move across the country to her grandmas ancestral home in florida .
you and your dang twangy country .
may was beautiful in this part of the country .
chapter 2 : lesznos acres karol leszno , commonly known forever after in his new country as carl , carried his last name due to a sheer act of circumstance .
but you 're a reasonable man , and i know you love this country and what it advocates .
this dr.ug prevents us from seeing the rhaokins living amongst us , running our law enforcement , our laws , maybe even our country .
sam was n't certain of most things pat shared , but from what stella had said he now felt certain that the main food supply of the country was dr.ugged .
it is important to bear in mind that the following mutually reinforcing parts , although inherently radical , are necessary to ensure the survival of not just our country , but also our planet .
` ` yes , that will be good to say , i had travelled to many countries , india , nepal , switzerland , they are completely different from one another , there beliefs regarding the spirits , there culture , it 's truly good you know , '' he said in a very dreamy way , as if he is living that moment now in front of his eyes .
they had seen many abandoned truck stops on their way across the country , but none of them had been this empty .
father , words been spreading throughout the city , the whole country .
you traveled across the country , risked your lives , lost friends .
after world war ii , my grandfather and uncle willis , they flew c-47s carrying freight all over the country .
while the country was wracked by widespread desperation and uncertainty , the clan prospered .
victorian britain was a country of contrasts ; in the capital of , perhaps , the greatest modern empire , there were those whose lives were filled with fear , shame and the direst poverty .
they both took sips from their drinks before he resumed , in my country it has been known for centuries that some people have extraordinarily long lives .
and so the net result is that the person does not get older ... his final sentence was delivered in a flat monotone , these mutants have been known in my country for many centuries as the undead .
she will go to ground again , flee the country no doubt .
* sir clive 's house in the countryside - 2000 at roughly the same time of night , but half the country away , richard was awoken by cairo lightly kissing him on the cheek , i ' ve come to help you escape !
he frowned at the memory , ... i met a woman such as you describe , the one that goes by the name eve she came on a wave of great evil in that country .
he sighed as she continued her pointless rant , i am so sick of this petty , narrow - minded hypocritical little country !
i need some fresh air , from a free country , a country without i d .
i need some fresh air , from a free country , a country without i d .
ran away to fight in a war in another country .
he had confessed to her last night that he was wealthy , stinking rich even , having inherited an estate and vineyards from his father , he hoped one day to play host to her in his native country .
he pointed to the city of pecs in the south - west of the country .
we will take the white car , the convertible , so much more stylish and comfortable in the hotter countries .
boudicca had fled the country by boat , putting to sea from an empty beach a few miles south of caistor .
to convince him she said that you did nt wear a jacket and trousers in the country .
i wondered how many families it had converted on its murderous rampage across the country .
this message was attached to the manuscript he had sent : ` ` i would appreciate it if you took a moment to remember the service men and women fighting for their country .
many simply fled the city or the country in fear of their lives .
my guess is that you had no idea vampires were here when you rolled into the country years ago .
they took over as the majority in the country and the entire united kingdom .
to make certain that type of threat would never catch them off guard again , or give any ideas to the military ; they strengthened their ties with the other gothic factions they ruled in germany , poland , budapest , hungary and many other countries .
just as dwayne had dispatched his men in 1810 that resulted in the death of xaviers biological parents , alexis , for the first time in years , sent her own men to every country the fugitives fled to with orders to execute them for their violence against the public .
she instructed her men to decapitate the fugitives and hang their heads high on whatever they could find in the country they were in .
all of this and more was extremely important because how new holland went , the country sometimes followed .
he had been bottled up in such ugliness the past few years that he almost forgot how beautiful that part of the country was .
he loved his country , but was nt sure he could remain there for the rest of his life .
because of their yearly season , their country was a magnet for manifestations of spiritual evil that reveled in the joy of constant darkness .
he wanted to enjoy as much life as he could without the seasons of his country constantly hanging over his head .
they needed a new place to settle in eventually so they had to stay on the good side of scotland or any other country in order to obtain residency .
the hunters , as well as the rest of the country , knew about the conflict between the gothic factions .
like him , olenhoff and dwayne looked around and were ashamed of their own country .
she could nt just flee to another country because her familys face was plastered over the entire region .
she had planned to hold him hostage in order to gain entry into scotland or the country of her choice .
however , they had no real insight or experience into the mystical aspect of their country .
the skyscraper stood one hundred and twelve stories high , making the glassy structure the tallest in the country .
she figured out that they would be safe wedged into the concrete of the tallest building in the country .
the ostrogoths threw out a net that covered not only the city , but the entire country .
he knew once the exchange for her son was complete , she would flee the country .
after jacque died , he urged his relatives to move away from his country permanently for fear of their safety .
they grew closer after the events that led to the spectacular violence that shook the city , the country and the political machines to their core .
in an epic story that covers eight decades and spans five countries , the classic war between good and unparalleled evil explodes over the european continent .
these were small , yet , very significant events that always disappeared when winter invaded the country .
the country was a very haunted place at that time .
many of the tales that verbal rated through the eastern countries were products of incidents through the centuries that led people to believe that dark , spiritual forces were a constant threat to their lives and their souls .
janos was employed as a maintenance crewman for the railroad , which had already changed the landscape of the country and the way people traveled .
this sometimes affected how well the country fared on matters of their national economy and domestic production .
such careers sometimes led them straight to the booming , grand city of prague - the center point for the entire country .
suffice to say , the forest , although much traveled , had a haunted reputation that people in the eastern part of the country believed in whole heartedly .
christophers job paid well enough for him and his family to live comfortable than most of the one and a half million residents of the country at the time .
the majority of the people in his country did nt have much , which meant his custom made arsenal was going to have to sell for a high price .
he was unable to put his finger on it but the atmosphere in the new country he was in was different than his own .
they pleaded for gilchrist to bless them and begged him to help remove the curse from their city and their entire country .
a very important , high ranking religious figure had been slain in their country and the repercussions were liable to be very severe .
based on the history of his own country , he understood that when the freedom or lack thereof , threatened the basic principles of god given rights to human beings , supreme courts and government legislatures could force or regulate against the will of the public for those rights .
they now produced guns and weapons for not only the united states but the entire united kingdom and countries all over europe .
their journey was more enjoyable in addition to the fact that the country was not particularly a large one .
the influx of labor from all over the country pushed ostravas population to two hundred thousand .
lita became the topic of the social movers and shakers because she had more money than any person in the country .
after all , they were the most beautiful women in the country .
she had to somehow reach the refuge of the people she had under her spell in ostrava and other countries as well .
he insisted that she was fleeing the country and had to be located or she would get away .
he understood that her coven - her family , if you will , would have to travel by train and by sea to reach another country in order to hide .
laythan felt the same way and decided to get involved , which demonstrated just how much influence and power he wheeled in society regardless of what country he was in .
if she wanted to flee the country she had to go further than germany .
chapter nineteen october 31 , 1888 , a wet , warm and breezy night settled over england as the upper social classes celebrated one masquerade party after another all over the country .
the west was a much bigger country .
for this reason , he and his family moved to edinburgh in order to be closer to the scottish parliament and the political action that shaped his country .
with his power and influence with not just people in high places in the united kingdom but in other countries where he was adored , they would nt have dared to anger him .
he and his country were locked in a political battle with england , which had gone on for years with no end in sight .
a land of trees , london and surrounding england had an over abundance of green that stretched out to the four corners of the country .
they lived in scotland because he wanted to remain close to the political action to influence decisions that helped with the independence of his country .
as the 20th century moved ahead , laythan and ainsley embarked on countless of visits to america , australia and canada , as well as other countries .
he was just a simple , common sense man who loved people , his country and above all , his family .
he did nt really know why , only that once he grew up and his beloved grandmother was long gone he equated the country with isolation .
case tried to imagine quinn , moving about this very house young , hopeful , in a strange country far from home .
language would not be a problem here for as an army mans son , he had travelled across the country and knew hindi quite well .
in his younger manhood the father had been a soldier , had fought against naked savages and followed the flag of his country into the capital of a civilized race to the far south .
the authorities at tulane university could shed no light upon either cult or image , and now the detective had come to the highest authorities in the country and met with no more than the greenland tale of professor webb .
i like this part of the country ; i am fond of living here because i am attached to it by deep roots , the profound and delicate roots which attach a man to the soil on which his ancestors were born and died , to their traditions , their usages , their food , the local expressions , the peculiar language of the peasants , the smell of the soil , the hamlets , and to the atmosphere itself .
by this time the house was nothing but a horrible and magnificent funeral pile , a monstrous pyre which lit up the whole country , a pyre where men were burning , and where he was burning also , he , he , my prisoner , that new being , the new master , the horla !
story i after leaving vienna , and long before you come to budapest , the danube enters a region of singular loneliness and desolation , where its waters spread away on all sides regardless of a main channel , and the country becomes a swamp for miles upon miles , covered by a vast sea of low willow - bushes .
sleepy at first , but later developing violent desires as it became conscious of its deep soul , it rolled , like some huge fluid being , through all the countries we had passed , holding our little craft on its mighty shoulders , playing roughly with us sometimes , yet always friendly and well - meaning , ' til at length we had come inevitably to regard it as a great personage .
it was half - way to the black sea , within seeming distance almost of other , stranger countries where no tricks would be permitted or understood .
besides , we only go deeper into their country !
from a distant country had come , in the very nick of time , a message that took me out of the danger of the snow sleep and the jaws of the wolf .
she would not tell me the name of her family , nor their armorial bearings , nor the name of their estate , nor even that of the country they lived in .
i gathered from these chance hints that her native country was much more remote than i had at first fancied .
` ` and this disease that invades the country is natural .
i was beginning to take alarm , lest she should have been stricken with the strange epidemic that they said had invaded the country about us .
if our friends know that it 's here , how can you expect to move it across the country without them picking it off ? ''
temperatures that low are usually reserved for ice cream , and i ' ve never heard of anybody taking the risk of shipping ice cream clear across the country .
besides that , there 's always the chance that the damned thing might thaw out while we 're jockeying it around the country .
` ` there 's no way i can get this load across the country like this . ''
reports have been coming in from all over the country of regular folks showing up in places they should n't be and asking questions about things they should n't even know exist .
i figured there was a chance that they might know something about what was happening -- who exactly the shipper was and what i was pulling around the country .
` ` and he conceived this grand plan to ship it across the country ?
this time , it was ambassador butler who found himself subconsciously tapping the weighted end of his friend 's sterling silver pen against the mahogany surface of the desk from which his counterpart had served his country -- his world , for the better part of four decades .
after all in some countries eating cow or pork was taboo ?
the events in the country were making him even angrier .
how could this be happening , why were these greedy , filthy rich folks doing this to the country ?
there is some form of contagion spreading throughout the country .
half the people i worked with were on the other side of the country , or around the world .
he died ... excuse me , lived ... in this country and was born in a little town in iowa in l922 .
and , one can only conjecture , he was not considered sufficiently dangerous enough to the army or the country to warrant more severe treatment .
it came from people , many of them still living at the time and a few of them probably still living today , people in this country , europe , people of standing and credibility .
our countrys willingness to smuggle dr . ruessling into this country at the very height of the war , when there were seemingly far more important things to be done , confirms that .
our countrys willingness to smuggle dr . ruessling into this country at the very height of the war , when there were seemingly far more important things to be done , confirms that .
little is known about him outside his native country of poland , but in many ways he was the equal to -- no , superior to -- davinci .
we 're traveling across the country spreading the good news of jesus to any one with the good sense to listen .
we travel the country preaching the good news .
then he gets all pissy and starts telling me either i go arrest them or he 'll go see a buddy of his who works at ice and get the whole pack of them kicked out of the country .
so any stinking bastard that has a sense of direction and a desire to ramble can wander into my country .
washington does n't give a baby mouse fart in a hurricane who wanders into our country .
could just be good old pedro looking for work , or could be some of goddamned osama bin laden 's buddies with a few canisters of some biological crap that will melt the faces off the god fearing taxpayers of this once great country .
they 're not really even considered criminals in some parts of the country .
it was a gift his mom gave him when he told her of his plans to travel the country spreading the good news .
the country club 's parking lot was nearly full , but he saw mike jefferson 's new mercedes parked nearby .
they moved me across the country , but even that was nt far enough for me .
every country has its own variation , and every mother has made it for dinner once or twice .
but for the rest of this country , people have to struggle their way through paying for college .
tours of london followed by a stay in the english country to visit old castles was had through fantasy .
my first thought was that somewhere an african country was missing its queen .
they received no more reports about other countries , or even other cities .
you could find more ammo for it just about anywhere in the country .
the country was in their blood .
they had only come across a few zombies since arriving in the country , and most of those had been few and far between .
a retired military surgeon who , like sarge , was in the reserves to relive old memories and try to capture some of his youth while helping his country out as best he could .
they had lost contact with much of the country .
hidden away and forgotten , left at the very corners of civilization in far off countries peopled by primitive cultures .
now the cities all across the country , large and small alike , covered countless square miles , spreading out like some giant amoeba and absorbing everything round about .
for all we know the whole country is like thisfor all we know the whole he trailed off , not wanting to air that particular thought .
but then why is nt the rest of the country affected ?
as he jogged , sven wondered how long virginia would be quarantined from the rest of the country , and how long he , jane , lorie , and ivan could live on stale peanuts and turkey jerky .
the japanese people had the highest honor for their country .
in the city 's manufacturing prime , the area had housed all manner of industries , churning out as much pollution into the air and nearby river as it did steel and refined materials for the rest of the country .
for the most part , the article related his anecdotes as a partying violinist who loved to go on tour , the hidden inference being that he liked to bed women from foreign countries after a night of hard drinking .
there should be crashed airliners and small craft littering the country .
years ago a large sinkhole had opened up in the highway ; it was nearly a half mile wide , and made the news all over the country .
i wondered if they bought paint and tile in bulk and then just shipped it to schools all across the country .
we only exchanged a few words , but i was ready to shame my family and turn my back on my country to stay near you .
they slept in the same bed but they might as well been two completely separate tourists in the same country .
from what he understood , at that moment in time there was only a hand full of these types of programs in the country .
he was a symbol of something people wanted to forget , and so he was not treated as the hero whom he might have been , but as a hideous reminder of a wounded country .
for refusing to follow orders they are either put in jails or scourged from the country .
those who demonstrate against this country 's unfortunate asian adventure are clubbed down in the streets .
` ` for twenty years this country has worried and whined about the schwarzen .
i do n't believe that they would send you there , not in this country where they spank killers on the wrist and send them out into the streets to kill again after two years of watching colour tv in a penitentiary .
not in a country where they put photographs of firemen rescuing kittens from trees on the front pages of city newspapers .
i came to this country when my wife died .
most of those still alive are probably in south america , but there may be others in a dozen countries ... including the united states .
yet he paused a moment , looking over the city the way a general might survey a captured country .
jean - claude had landed in this country pretty much penniless .
that kind of talk could go really badly since i travel all over the country doing my job .
how about its one of the biggest weddings of the year in this country , and backing out now would be more humiliating than going through with it ?
were not a hundred percent certain , but you put out a call to all the weretigers in this country .
only the very dominant can do it , and if maxs fit was accurate , your call blanketed the country , or damn near .
i was marked up enough that i could have gone into any hospital or police station in the country and they would have believed rape .
it was even a killable offense in this country to use vampire mind powers to force sex .
those of us who escaped to other countries were forced to intermarry with the humans we found .
the vampire council has declared it illegal for masters to fight in this country until the whole legal thing is more secure .
other vampire and wereanimal groups across the country had sent in applications for some of their people to join us .
he was indian , as in the country , not native american .
the vampire council had tried to abandon her a few times when world wars forced them to move countries , but there had been a compulsion that would n't let them leave her body behind .
` ` we can keep them away , i think , but i am worried for our poor country .
` ` to keep morte d'amour and the mother of all darkness from raping this country , oh yes . ''
` ` do you want marmee noir to possess other masters in this country ? ''
` ` we can save the other descendants of morte d'amour in this country , anita . ''
` ` alex is out of the country on some journalist assignment .
once i 'd accidentally called every color of unmated male tiger in the country when marmee noir had been trying to make me her perfect vessel , but i 'd learned to narrow my focus .
we 're the only vampire kiss in the country that can boast such rich food for all our bloodsuckers .
except maybe for california , massachusetts has got the toughest gun law in the country . ''
clay leaned forward and stated what to him had been obvious from the moment they 'd come down the ramp from route one : malden was now just one more fucked - up town in the unicel states of america , and that country was now out of service , off the hook , so sorry , please try your call again later .
clay thought there were , both in kashwak and places like kashwak all over the country and the world .
` ` it may be like a closed - circuit tv hookup , only with a lot of different areas of the country participating .
his office was done in early american carburettor - it was every scuzzy garage office from coast to coast in a country that runs on rubber and amber gold .
back in the days when carl perkins was singing about pink pedal pushers and johnny horton was singing about dancing all night on a honky - tonk hardwood floor and the biggest teen idol in the country was edd ' kookie ' byrnes .
he scored 700s on his college boards , he could get into almost any college in the country - at least he could have before this - this trouble ... ' her voice wavered toward tears , and then she got hold of herself again .
what followed was a cold - sober tour of the country of the damned .
it was going to be a roman a clef about the kidnapping of patty hearst , her brainwashing ( or her sociopolitical awakening , depending on your point of view , i guess ) , her participation in the bank robbery , the shootout at the sla hideout in los angeles - in my book , the hideout was on value street , natch - the fugitive run across the country , the whole ball of wax .
we ca n't very well drive all the way across the country with no license plate on the back of the car , can we ? ''
out here , god 's country stops at indian springs and even lord satan do n't step his cloven feet much north of tonopah .
they 'll be gone for three days , two of them schooldays ( there is no problem getting permission for this trip from the school , and absolutely no need to lie about the trip 's purpose ; southern maine may have gotten citified , but up here in god 's country , hunting is still considered part of a young person 's education , especially if the young person is a boy ) .
his first thought as he looked around was how similar the barn was to the various refugee camps he had seen : bosnian serbs in macedonia , haitian rebels after uncle sugar 's marines had landed in port - au - prince , the african exiles who had left their home countries because of disease , famine , civil war , or a combination of all three .
' owen underhill has betrayed his country and his fellow - men .
underhill , who had spent his life carrying a gun for his country , could and did .
' while we can not say for sure at this juncture , ' the presi ? dent told his breathless watchers ( those who found themselves at the new england end of the northeast corridor were , perhaps understandably , the most breathless of all ) , ' we believe that our visitors brought this virus with them much as travellers from abroad may bring certain insects into their country of origin in their luggage or on the produce they ' ve purchased .
tell me your name or i 'll cut out your eyes and chop off your nose and rip out your - '' my mind cross - connected then , a thing that still happens now , four years later , down here in the town of tamazunchale , state of san luis potos , country of mexico , site of edgar freemantle 's third life .
but the surface events of a country laboring under a dictatorship can appear boring , too - dictators like boring , dictators love boring - even as great changes are approaching beneath the surface .
` ` but no fucking country . ''
those were boom years in other parts of the country . ''
i found myself consulting with pam every two or three days about the guest - list from minnesota and travel arrangements from other parts of the country .
movement was restricted , and in some other country my hip was throbbing badly not screaming yet , but probably soon .
see some of the country , he said .
` ` there are one or two others in this country who can do it . ''
earthquake country , curtis wilcox said in my ear .
' earthquake country ?
another country heard from .
the obligatory pout of sultry invitation was missing , however ; the expression on her face was that of a woman who stands very near the borderline between the country of the sane and that of the mad .
` ` i ' m all right , '' trisha said rapidly , and she was almost aware of crossing some vital line ; could almost feel herself going over into some other country where the language was different and the money was funny .
it could be why dave mansfield and all the other dave mansfields across the country keep on doing this , year after year .
people traveling from all over the country and world to spend a weekend here .
some of them were vampires and some of them were wereanimals , which was how they were slicing apart the bodies of the weretigers they were killing across the country .
` ` german , as in his was the first generation born in this country . ''
but if i ' m going to risk all that out of the country , then we have to defeat the mother of all darkness and the harlequin before next fall .
the tigers tell me i put out a call to all the unmated males in the country when i first hit this power , and that was accidental .
` ` the serial killers that we ' ve been chasing across the country were here and tried to ambush us .
he 'd never broken the law on u.s . soil to my knowledge , but in other countries , under his real name , he had .
one of the things i liked about the marshals service was that the normal branch had more women than any other law enforcement unit in the country .
he 'd always been tall and fairly lean , but he 'd been out of the country on some secret assignment for the wererats for a long time , and wherever he 'd been , it had carved him down .
it had worked so well , i 'd hoped that it would become more standard for police around the country .
he still has n't done anything illegal in this country .
when folks with a thirst did come in from the bus station for a beer or a highball , they sensed nothing out of the ordinary in the falcon at all - there were a lot of guys , sure , but that was no different from thousands of workingmen 's bars all across the country .
drifting across empty plains somewhere in the middle of the country like an incurable virus , sticking up seven - elevens in the deep slumbrous hours between one and four in the morning or maybe killing some of the people stupid enough to slow down for his cocked thumb in order to transfer the dollars in their wallets to his own ?
that was more satisfactory , but footnotes are peculiar things , you know - like footpaths twisting through a wild and anarchic country .
every school - child in the country knows about that one , but who knows about the derry disappearance ?
this cylinder with its vented iron cap reminded him of the wells which lead down into the country of the slumped and horrible morlocks .
it 's hap'nin ail over the damn country .
` ` how 's things back in the auid country , mr nell ? ''
no relation to either h. rap brown or grandmaster flash , not this fellow , this fellow wore plain white shirts and fade - into - the - woodwork j. c. penney slacks , and he sat in a library carrell at the university of maine , writing papers on the origin of footnotes and the possible advantages of isbn numbers in book cataloguing while the marchers marched outside and phil ochs sang ` ` richard nixon find yourself another country to be part of and men died with their stomachs blown out for villages whose names they could not pronounce ; he sat there studiously bent over his work ( bill saw him ) , which lay in a slant of crisp white winterlight , his face sober and absorbed , knowing that to be a librarian was to come as close as any human being can to sitting in the peak - seat of eternity 's engine .
` ` anyway , the country was just pulling out of a recession and my mother was almost a year finding steady work .
he felt like an interloper crossing the wide floor , a spy from another country .
i came to this country in 1920 , a girl of fourteen with no money - which is the best way to learn the value of money , would you agree ? ''
that 's why there are bigger headlines when an earthquake kills twelve people in los angeles than there are when one kills three thousand in some heathen country in the mideast . ''
i was just a man who fought the japs for his country .
if more preachers were like cats , this would be a religious country again .
some of the beds are four - posters , imported from foreign countries , with histories as old and macabre as the house .
and while she might be crazy , was she so different in her evaluation of his work from the hundreds of thousands of other people across the country - ninety percent of them women - who could barely wait for each new five - hundred , page episode in the turbulent life of the foundling who i risen to marry a peer of the realm ?
probably even those cockadoodie roydmans had a pantry that would make a homeowner from another part of the country raise his or her brows ... but he doubted if the cockadoodie roydmans or anyone else up here had anything which came close to what he was now looking at .
and do you know what the british did to them if they got caught before they could get over oranjerivier and into boer country ? ''
it 's done this way all over the country . ''
` ` it 's what made this country great .
it is not the only jerkwater maine town named after a european city or country ; there is a madrid ( the natives pronounce it mad - drid ) , a sweden , an etna , a calais ( pronounced so it rhymes with dallas ) , a cambridge , and a frankfort .
` ` george bush has damn near ruint this country ... him and his goddam war !
greatest country in the world , right ?
nothing ever happens in the middle of the country . ''
just like everyone else , we continued with our weekend plans , never truly believing something so frightening and dangerous would reach us all the way in the middle of the country .
but hi new england , dufresne 's like smith or jones in the rest of the country , because there 's so many frogs up here .
' with tommy williams and with my testimony and corroborative testimony from records and employees at the country club , i think we can put it together . '
he knew it was illegal , but he also knew that setting up a false identity in this country is very easy and very safe .
soon to be showing at barbershops all over the country .
he could n't find it in himself to feel sorry for the country as a whole as it went into this science - fiction - style crisis - the country had been pigging petroleum for too long to warrant his sympathy - but he could feel sorry for the little men with their peckers caught in the swing of a big door .
it 's so different from the rest of the country that it must be good .
we must not allow the greatest country in the world to be overrun with huns and barbarians . ''
not to mention the frigging double - nickle speed - limit- '' as he went on about the perils of independent trucking in a country that had suddenly developed a severe case of the energy bends , bart listened and nodded in the right places and sipped his drink .
somewhere in the country a new year 's baby was pushing its squashed , placenta - covered head out of his mother 's womb and into this best of all possible worlds .
there was a split screen , showing the ball on the right , showing the merrymakers at the waldorf on the left , chanting : ` ` eight ... seven ... six ... five ... '' one fat society dame caught a glimpse of herself on a monitor , looked surprised , and then waved to the country .
still photographs of the wreckage ran on the ap wire and most of the newspapers in the country carried them .
but except for these things , the lot 's knowledge of the country 's torment was academic .
his face , in the glow of the instru ? ment panel , was set in the long lines of a man who was traveling a hated country he could not completely leave .
the former was about a minister 's daughter who runs away , joins the countercul ? ture , and takes a long , rambling journey across the country by thumb .
they understood what was going on in the country .
people all over the country driving around in old cars held together with spit and baling wire and one of these rich pigs gets himself buried sitting behind the wheel of a ten - thousand - dollar car with all the accessories ? he suddenly jerked and took a step backward , shaking his head warily .
from boston you can get a bus to anywhere in the country .
' i am from many lands ; but to me this country ... this town ... seems full of foreigners .
do you know how beautiful the people of your country and your town are , mr bryant ? '
' they have never known hunger or want , the people of this country .
' the country is an amazing paradox .
' you 're made fast to the very beam my master 's friend and sponsor in this country hung himself from , young master .
he may have been a native of almost every country in the world at one time or another , although i suspect his origins may have been romanian or magyar or hungarian .
callahan looked out the wide , polarized window at the strange country , made even stranger by the first seeping light of morning .
whole country 's goin ' the same way .
since we added practitioners to our teams , we ' ve saved more lives with no injuries to anyone involved than any unit in the country .
he 'd never done his worst in this country , to my or edward 's knowledge .
his was damn near sexual ; mine was the smile , most unpleasant , that has frightened bad guys across the country .
` ` well , if we can trace someone in this country who plays with persian magic , then we need to find someone who went missing from his life . ''
` ` there are a lot of mythologies with many - armed creatures , but none native to this country .
the weretigers had fled to other countries and been forced to marry outside the purity of their race , so most of them looked like the country they 'd fled to .
the weretigers had fled to other countries and been forced to marry outside the purity of their race , so most of them looked like the country they 'd fled to .
three strikes for us in this part of the country usually means death . ''
pictures of what you 're doing , profiled in one of the hottest vampire clubs in the country .
other than the fact that the house was set in a yard that ran high to rocks , sand , and native desert plants , it could have been one of a million housing developments anywhere in the country .
we could rule the vampires and most of the wereanimals in this country , and then we could move on europe .
` ` hey , at least you guys ca n't be killed on sight in this country ; better than most of the rest of the world . ''
it was the vampire church , and the fastest - growing denomination in the country .
high country also owns hotels in montana , wyoming , and utah .
the list below was obtained by a former employee of high country investments , a company first believed to be a dummy company owned by derwent enterprises .
fun time makes slot machines for the nevada crowd , pinball machines , and jukeboxes ( melody - coin ) for the rest of the country .
he turned around quickly , frowning , embarrassed , wondering if someone had seen him fooling around down here in kiddie country .
it was 4:30 p. m. , est , the first day of december , old man winter settling his frostbitten rump firmly onto most of the country , but down here the men wore open - throated shortsleeve shirts and the women were in light summer dresses and shorts .
it had been built in 1889 by carla 's grandfather , tobias downes , and it had ascended to family heirloom status almost immediately , shifting down through the years , carefully packed and insured for moves from one part of the country to another ( it had originally come into being in the buffalo , new york , workshop of tobias , a place which had undoubtedly been every bit as smoky and nasty as peter 's workshop , although such a comment would have struck carla as completely irrelevant ) , sometimes shifting from one section of the family to another when cancer , heart attack , or accident pinched off some branch of the family tree .
chapter 16 a day later , on june 23 , a big white connie was roaring north on us 180 , in another part of the country .
they had flown him to a part of the country that was alien to him , and it was somehow more alien at night .
` ` well ... we go back a country mile or three , billy , do n't we ? ''
` ` cleveland has between eight and twenty men and women in the u.s.s.r . and between five and ten in each of the european satellite countries .
from new orleans to nogales , from portland , oregon , to portland , maine , it was his country , and none knew or loved it better .
by dawn tomorrow or the day after that he would pass into nevada , striking owyhee first and then mountain city , and in mountain city there was a man named christopher bradenton who would see that he had a clean car and some clean papers and then the country would come alive in all its glorious possibilities , a body politic with its network of roads embedded in its skin like marvelous capillaries , ready to take him , the dark speck of foreign matter , anywhere or everywhere - heart , liver , lights , brain .
yet we do have film , ladies and gentlemen , and we have correspondents right here in the studio - professional reporters , but eyewitnesses to what may be the greatest disaster this country has ever faced ... and i do not use those words lightly .
they had started off across the country in a wheezy old 1968 mercury that had shat its transmission in omaha .
some weird disease seems to have spread across the entire country , maybe the entire world , mowing down the righteous and the unrighteous alike - i can take it .
because now was now , and the great wave of revolt which had engulfed the country had long since withdrawn , the young turks were now mostly old lags with gray in their beards and big coke - burned holes where their septa used to be , and this was the wreckage , baby .
there was a whole country ripe for burning under the summer sun .
he was disquieted by bateman 's picture of a hundred little enclaves of people , some of them militaristic , living in a country where thousands of doomsday weapons had been left around like a child 's set of blocks .
maybe there were people like her all over the country .
` ` it was my thought that , if there is any order left in this country , or any persons in authority who escaped the late scourge , they would likely be at stovington or atlanta , where there is another such center . ''
but the girl 's face was like an unfolding map of tragic country , and stu felt bad for her .
the plaque beneath announced that this monument was dedicated to the boys from harper county who had made the ultimate sacrifice for their country .
and somewhere in that triangle was the country of his dream .
but it is just about the best song i know , on account of what president lincoln and this country did for me and mine , even before i was born . ''
and she would not be laid to rest here but farther west , in a strange country .
in the dreams the dark man came to him and spread out his arms from a high place and showed trashcan a country in flames .
` ` there 's at least two other guys in the country coulda done it .
twelve miles was n't so much - not to someone who 'd crossed twenty percent of the country on a bicycle - but considering the obstacles , he thought twelve miles was pretty awesome .
` ` we came all the way across the country and did n't see a hundred people all told . ''
if the flu was ninety - nine percent fatal , that means it wiped out damned near two hundred and eighteen million people , just in this country . ''
that 's in this country alone .
nothing in the whole country more common than those little wall - plates with the prong - slits in them .
` ` and behold , the wicked witch of the west , or some pentagon assholes , visited the country with a great plague , and before you could say , ' here comes captain trips , ' just about everyone in new york was dead .
larry was wearing the knapsack he had worn all the way across the country , but all that was in it now was the bottle of wine and a half dozen paydays .
then he stepped forward , saying it just the way he had planned on his long days crossing the country : ` ` harold lauder , i presume ? ''
you came all the way across the country from maine behind us , huh , and following my - our - signs .
he 's just a country , vet and he 's scared shitless he 's going to kill someone .
in the corner of the closet was the sleeping bag she had carried across the country strapped to the back of her motorcycle .
what was she doing here , poised between the plains and the mountains that broke the country in two ?
` ` yeah , and there 's probably twenty million people in this country with one just like it ... only about elvis presley or howard hughes . ''
of course we know this country does n't have any germ or biological warfare centers , that 's one of the things that makes this country great - what country , ha - ha - but you should realize that while we 're busy getting all the wagons in a circle , he 's - ` ` hey , hawk , you pullin overtime ? ''
of course we know this country does n't have any germ or biological warfare centers , that 's one of the things that makes this country great - what country , ha - ha - but you should realize that while we 're busy getting all the wagons in a circle , he 's - ` ` hey , hawk , you pullin overtime ? ''
he had followed harold all the way across the country , had followed a trail of payday candy wrappers and clever improvisations .
but after two weeks of pushing on alone through this empty country , he felt he had a right to be a little jumpy .
this evening it was not so cold , but for all that , there could be no doubt that in this high country , at least , summer was done .
in an evil place over on the other side of the country .
but the short - order cook was a haitian who spoke little english and was almost surely in the country illegally , jack thought .
because over there was the country of jack 's daydreams .
it occurred to jack that there was a feeling of death here - not just at this rest area or on the interstate roads but pressed deep into all the country he had travelled .
they had n't been over here four hours before wolf began to call it the country of bad smells .
and then he had stopped , which was good ... but when he took his face out of his hands , he had looked at wolf in a way that made wolf feel sure that jack would leave him in this horrible country of bad smells ... and without jack , wolf would soon go quite mad .
wolf would maybe find at least one thing in the country of bad smells that would amuse him , and jack could sleep for three hours .
apparently the weirdness - toleration level was a lot lower out in the middle of the country .
' wolf , i 'll bet you 're great at sniffing out herbs and things back in the territories , but this is the country of bad smells , remember ?
' now we have here in this country what we think is a most unusual facility - state - approved and state - funded , by the way - which might have been set up expressly for the benefit of boys like yourselves .
the radical humanists can barely stand to think of me down here at the sunlight home , teaching my boys to love jesus and their country .
his religious shows play all over the midwest on the radio and over most of the country on cable tv and the indy stations .
all those nightmare monsters on those cathedrals in france - mom had a book and i thought we were going to have to see every one in the whole country but she stopped when i had a bad dream and wet the bed - did they come from here ?
do you want me to tell you why i ' m hitchhiking all the way across the country ? '
film companies in need of new en - gland settings usually just went upstate rather than travelling all the way across the country , and most audiences never knew the difference .
cia - supported rebels training for takeovers of south and central american countries trained in places like this .
and he may have been the only george stark fan in the country who had also read thad beaumont 's two novels . '
he saw nothing but the neighborhood of his childhood somehow transformed into the weird dead country of a dream .
the whole country had gone through a spasm of shudders during those eight months , but she had hardly noticed .
the legal speed limit all over the country was fifty - five miles an hour and the long - haul truckers had almost revolted over that .
the country had finally gone communist .
after all those years and all that bloodshed , the heirs of uncle ho had rolled up the country like a windowshade in a matter of days .
eleven digits and you can be in touch with any place in the country .
the country is between them , and we let that be .
this was the sort of kid that was tearing the country in two , greg thought .
' but we live in a democracy , greatest country on earth , right ?
when we get done with you the people in this country would n't believe you if you predicted spring in april .
a lot of local and state politicians all the way across this country are going to wake up the day after election day and find out that they 're as dead as dodo birds .
marlboros , unfortunately - the second or third most popular brand in the country .
it 's the only place in the country where they offer a deal like that .
claimed no one out there in cow country could cook like his mom .
the new hurkos it may be that the first genuine psychic since peter hurkos has been uncovered in this country hurkos was the german - born seer who has been able to tell questioners all about their private lives by touching their hands , silverware , or items from their handbags .
in my country , before the communists , many of the village leaders played the laughing tiger .
ridgeway had also been one of the first towns in the whole country to organize a bicentennial committee .
the whole idea of a vampire church still creeped me out , but it was the fastest - growing denomination in the country .
` ` the only thing that 's kept his pride safe is the fact that there just are n't a lot of werelions in this country .
` ` true , but there are n't a lot of lions in this country .
the government had turned further afield to get enough vampire hunter / federal marshals to cover the country .
but if you guys rolled augustine , one of the most powerful masters in this country , then yeah , anita , they 'll be nervous .
` ` donovan reece is the king of every swanmane in this country . ''
actually i hoped he 'd be out of the country , so far away that the fireworks would be over before he could get back to the united states .
` ` because he knew if he went out of the country , he 'd never make it back in time to be in st . louis when you needed me . ''
it does n't seem to be a common type of vamp , at least not in this country . ''
` ` you 're not the only vampire hunter in this country now , anita .
` ` the only thing that made me powerful enough to heal this was donovan reece 's letting me feed on every swanmane in this country .
it is not illegal to use vampire powers on other vampires in your country .
she wishes to have her own lands in this new country of yours .
and two of the men that are with her - one of them was that man myron lafleur - told him he was the one who better shut up because it was still a free country .
she knew what it was supposed to be about : a young schoolmarm and a buffalo - hunter caught up in a range - war in kansas during the early 1850s c a period when everyone in the midsection of the country seemed to be tuning up for the civil war , whether they knew it or not .
most of the country spent that week thinking someone dressed like michael rennie in the day the earth stood still was going to come walking up lubbock 's main drag with his pet robot gort clanking along beside him , demanding to be taken to our leader .
there are about a million people in this country alone who would come running if they got wind of this kind of dangerous , anderson thought .
ghosts themselves , following herds that crossed the short - wire grass like the great clouds which cover the prairie with their shadows ; the clouds remain but the great herds are gone ... and so are the buffalo soldiers , madmen from wastes that had as yet never known a fence , men who came striding out of nowhere and went striding back into that same place , men with buffalo - hide moccasins on their feet and bones clicking about their necks ; ghosts out of time , out of a place that existed just before the whole country began to bleed .
' if you got a sheepskin written in latin words in this country , you can get away with anything , ' she had said .
haven had in fact become a separate country , and its borders were now policed .
he felt a slow sinking dread in his gut , a feeling that it had to be maine yankee , had to be something with the state 's only nuclear plant , had to be , only something that big could have caused this kind of extraordinary response almost a whole country away .
and , as jolly old dr houston had so kindly informed him , he was entering heart - attack country .
for this he had been awarded one of his grateful country 's highest honors , the distinguished service cross .
his grateful country had given him the distinguished service cross .
they were by no means ' country cars ' ... and this was the real country .
' roger ' this is the country where it 's front - page news when some consumer group weighed the mcdonald 's quarter pounder and found out it weighed a little shy of a quarter pound .
and i 'd like to make the whole country mourners at his burial . '
but underneath , we 're looking for a tone ... a feeling ... ... ' he was crossing the border into roger 's country now .
reports from all over the world stated that cities , especially in third world countries were more and more out of control .
from her notes , i deduced that the afflicted people in third world countries had gone through the sickness , followed by a period of feeling better .
you 're seein the wonders of this wide country .
a country of foolishness and wonderment and capital and perversity .
she imagines the road , the car , by herself again , the long narrow tarmac leading forward deep into a country that keeps unfolding , dead and alive .
and then maybe up into canada since she 's never been to another country before - except maybe mexico , and only that because the border is n't so clear anymore and she may have tipped over it to the other side once or twice when she was in texas .
but that means they could be anywhere in the country now .
he sits on the couch and drinks more and talks to the elder men about all the places of the country they have been , and he can hear his brother 's hyena laugh behind him but he ca n't bear to cast his eyes backwards .
she watches the todd brothers enter below , and in her expression is there more manuscript than in all the building facades in the country .
and that 's when moses todd sees something he has never seen before in all his travels across the wide and fissured country .
a bizarre and horrible exhibition of distorted humanity indeed - an antic and fleshy rococo delivered in metal boxes roving across the country .
what ignatius wants is for moses to take the vestal to someone he knows , someone who will know what to do with her , a high priest who oversees the largest citadel still operating in the country - a haven for the devout , and the devout are populous in these times .
he has grown accustomed to it over the years of roaming the deadlands of the country - but it was not always like that .
then there are fletcher 's men , a ragged collective , a mobile army which has gathered guns from all corners of the country .
there are red dots all over it , as though the entire country has succumbed to some kind of pox .
it shows all the locations all over the country of a particular business .
and if time is a circuit - if our paths only bring us back to where we begun , well then proclaim it holy , holy , because the friar is right - ai n't nothing is ever lost but it 's just on a different road , and it 's all of it , the whole country , just one big road attached to itself in different ways - and so are all travellers kin , and so are all people travellers through life .
don allman was in the office , wearing headphones , correcting papers , and singing about jeremiah the bullfrog in a voice that went beyond the borders of merely bad and into the unexplored country of the execrable .
which i did , i live in an english speaking country .
igod emo may have very well been the last hand - gravedigger in the entire state , maybe in the whole country .
jake potter was one of the best mushroom hunters the country ever seen .
mr . butler has lived and worked an adventurous life in forty - five different states and twenty - seven foreign countries .
six years old , so it 's been through a lot of hands and has been all over the country , maybe all around the world .
alright , so perhaps it was nothing to be ashamed of , st . christophers was one of the most exclusive homes in the country , a five star hotel for loonies , but neither was it anything to be proud of .
and probably the best qualified staff in the country .
housing estates across the country are dangerous places to live .
if the pcs are smart enough to use kung fu and similar they quickly find polovo is a master but if they try their seduction skills on her she is easy prey and quickly betrays her country .
he never went to college or graduate school or got out of the country to get exposed to different cultures , religions , or whatever .
i still roamed the world looking for i knew not what , while the corporate scumbags sold out the american dream to the cheapest foreign bidder and millions of clueless left and right wing political partisans of this once great country screamed at one another over a host of what should be secondary social issues .
but over all , things in this country were getting worse and barring a miracle happening soon , nothing stood to prevent it .
this country began as an agrarian society .
most of the founders of this once great country were men of the soil .
you may have issues , but basically , you are still in better shape than the vast majority of people who call themselves citizens of the richest country in the world .
pardon my french , but i fear a real shit storm is in store for this country in the not too distant future .
we are running the country .
like the fact that we boomers are likely to go down in history as the most incompetent , self - serving , dimwitted , hypocritical , and wasteful generation to ever exist in this country except maybe for those poor ignorant southern crackers who fought the civil war on behalf of a disdainful , slave owning southern aristocracy .
no one wanted to be the last person to die in a war the country had given up on and no longer supported .
everywhere i look in this country i see people in positions of power and influence taking advantage of the little guy , the average joe .
were afraid our jobs are heading to china or to some other chink country .
my list included : a contrived housing bubble melt down ; extreme political partisanship on both sides ; gas nearing $ 4.00 a gallon ; the countrys increasing dependence on unfriendly foreign countries for diminishing oil supplies ; corporations outsourcing manufacturing jobs to slave labor countries ; wholesale redistribution of the nations wealth to the upper one percent via ridiculous tax laws ; the destruction of the nations middle class ; more saber rattling as russia invaded the small country of georgia in spite of the our empty threats ; major financial institutions failing because of their insane lending practice of providing home loans to people with no jobs , no money , and bad credit ; ignoring the growing evidence of global warming ; wars in iraq and afghanistan looking as if they will continue in perpetuity ; federal deficits increasing beyond sustainable levels ; the dollars pending loss of reserve currency status ; unsustainable world population growth ; agricultural - corporations intentions of destroying the family farms ; evangelical christianity rising as a counter productive political force ; and lastly , failure to maintain or upgrade our national transportation infrastructure .
these individuals possessed little , if any , knowledge of the history of their country .
to me , this looked to be nothing less than another complete sell out of the american way of life by corporate america looking for a chance to exchange reasonable earnings for obscene profits by transferring all production to third world countries where destitute people worked for near slave wages , countries where there are no environmental regulations , and where child labor laws do not exist while the tax breaks further increase bottom line profits by over fifty percent for these companies .
as the monotonous radio voices in the background went on and on about any of a hundred issues threatening our countrys way of life , my mind drifted back to the matter of the loss of jobs if the local plant closed down .
deciding to move complex production operations involving equipment , inventory , management personnel , suppliers , and much more to another state or country involved a lot of planning .
it essentially justified our country being at the top of the worlds material wealth pyramid , lording over the rest of humanity .
i like to have a feel for what s going on in the financial markets of the country as well as the rest of the world , i answered .
while the simple - minded voters of this country are incited to argue about abortion , gay rights , gay marriage , religion in the school systems , and every other non - economic political hot potato topic imaginable , large corporations are taking an ever larger portion of the total income derived from the sale of products and services once produced by the workers of this country .
for years , the know - it - alls have been assuring us that we are naturally moving away from a country that manufactures things to a country where we manage the worlds financial affairs .
cecil , henceforth , became an inveterate isolationist , forever condemning the ongoing influx of all late arrivals to this great country , excepting of course , those english- speaking adherents to the traditional anglo - saxon version of christian orthodoxy .
this country is really screwed , i told myself as i gazed at the pages filled with solid lines of closely printed words .
eventually satisfied all was in order , he continued , its no secret that things are nt going well in the country right now .
this is a christian country , and we need to fight to preserve our christian heritage at all costs .
no matter how loudly people scream about socialism , our country is a capitalistic enterprise , so trying to discuss politics apart from economics is like talking about feeding hogs without mentioning a bucket of slop .
our country is becoming a hollowed out shell where the last of the few production facilities that traditionally provided american workers with jobs paying a living wage are in line to be taken off shore with all the other good jobs already shipped out .
maybe worst of all , they then ship all those slave labor produced goods straight back to this country where they are merchandised in gigantic box stores that move into our communities and destroy the smaller retailers that have supported local activities for many years , leaving communities with empty store fronts and without the former community leaders who once came from the ranks of those now disappearing local businesses .
ladies and gentlemen , we do have serious problems in this country , and we are going to have to start paying more attention to those problems soon , or this grand experiment , known as the united states of america , is going to come to a screaming halt .
soon they will have to start printing money to cover the costs of doing business and that s when the wheels are going to come off , and life all over this country is going to get hard , real fast .
only days before fanny mae and freddy mac , the two largest insurers of home mortgages in the country , were taken over by the federal government in a desperate move to salvage a dying home mortgage insurance industry .
they claimed that if their scurrilous institutions were nt saved , the whole country risked going down with them .
now it may not , especially if the reason sales were falling off was due to the recession the country looked to be sliding into or due to more foreign competition that had already decimated much of the countrys manufacturing landscape .
now it may not , especially if the reason sales were falling off was due to the recession the country looked to be sliding into or due to more foreign competition that had already decimated much of the countrys manufacturing landscape .
not receiving a reply to his previous personal observation relating to generally depressing colors , sheriff slaybaugh continued , will , it looks as if this particular church group has learned of your recent comments at the debate where you said something to the effect that people came to this country to be free of religious persecution as well as from religious fanatics and that we were being distracted by all this talk of value issues and finding our way back to the promised land .
if things continued to disintegrate in this country , employers might soon be paying similar wages to the locals , allowing us to once again compete on an international level .
overtime , as things begin to fall apart in our country , like you ve talked about , they , too , will see that a bunch of snakes were stealing us blind while we all sat around arguing about what the good lord wants us to do to ensure that others live , think , say , and do like we think they all should .
i d managed to get myself cornered right in the middle of the most flat and open place in the entire central part of the country again .
if not for decent individuals like him intervening , many more would suffer , and religion in this country might soon become intolerable .
even more puzzling was my almost instantaneous change of mind regarding the likelihood of my rejoining the fight in jonesboro along side a lot of good people about to be crushed by the steamroller driven by the criminal corporate culture now directing the government institutions of our once great country .
so now it is quite appropriate that the lesbian and gay minorities of this great country hold their conference here .
now they are ruining this fine country with their debts and their banks .
` ` its a form you need to get from us or you ca nt leave the country .
` ` but i ve left the country lots of times and i ve never been stopped . ''
and from time to time a friend or enemy , who might be anywhere in the country , would send a nice message , which appeared as soon as it was sent .
its one of the best in the country . ''
like your old country , right ?
for i am a woman , as you may have noticed , '' here she paused again for a quiet ripple of laughter , ` ` and in my country it is not possible for a woman to be a priest .
for he was in a foreign country , and it did not seem to matter so much what he said , or what people thought of him .
the stream we are talking about is in a small country of temperate climate located in the southern hemisphere of planet earth .
pearl would have gone to check out the community notice board today if it had nt been for the luncheon at the country club .
i have learnt about what the sea is that we see from the cave and how out across these seas are other countries like where we live here .
i had never been to italy before and i was keen to see what all the fuss was about regarding this country that is shaped like a boot .
moving to a foreign country was a choice that i made for the purposes of improving my individuality , hoping that this would also allow ben to flourish and that at some point not too long afterwards , we would both benefit from it , ideally as a couple .
we arranged for me to visit the country for a two week period in november 2010 .
is it normal to have a feeling of love at first sight for a country ?
he s originally from india , or argentina , or from a country with a royal family and a large heroin production .
he served two years , then was deported for being in the country illegally .
you d think being in a different country , we d all watch out for each other , she said of haitians , of the community .
she explained ; shed married for her citizenship , had to marry to stay in the country , and had lived with this man for six months before he left to florida to work at a dog track .
the pins fall from the map , one city after another , one country then the next , leaving a small , dark hole where each pin once was .
this is real , n.j . says , irritated , then , in a softer tone , the initiation is to prompt a coup in some african or central american or asian country , man .
even if he ca nt kick the country over , he can still be let into the club , man .
how on earth the superpowers in the west overlooked that a country with a population of only four million would need fifty million sheep with no ulterior motives was beyond grigor .
as a sign of trust with the country i m also installing the heart of the dragon king there .
more likely the drops journeyed through bodies , flesh and stone , made tours of countries and circumnavigated the globe , never settling in the same place twice , lest it be by chance , occupying through time every pore of the earth , composing plant and animal over generations , being drunk and passed from one condition to another , frozen and boiledsuspended in clouds .
you ca nt leave the country !
dan had told me not to leave the country , which i was now willfully disobeying .
i was about to visit the country that should have been that of my birth great britain !
i m not sure for what country or at what palace , but i d certainly like to find out .
yes , it was very illegal , and in a foreign country too , but i figured it was valid given i was on private investigation business , and was investigating a murder , and the mail belonged to a prime suspect to boot .
floss was proving difficult to find in this country , and i d resorted to using those nasty , sharpened pieces of wood , just like my father and brother did after a meal .
and i have to tell you , it was most disconcerting to be in a country where everyone looked like me .
perhaps he had the wrong end terrace in the wrong street in the wrong town in the wrong country in the wrong world in the wrong solar system in the wrong galaxy in the wrong universe .
in the late seventies the thatcher government determined for once and for all to destroy the power of the trade unions who they felt were holding the country to ransom and to be fair , the majority of people in the country at least half agreed with her .
in the late seventies the thatcher government determined for once and for all to destroy the power of the trade unions who they felt were holding the country to ransom and to be fair , the majority of people in the country at least half agreed with her .
their latest heating pumps were a disaster and as they seized up all over the country , usually when the weather was at its wettest and coldest , plumbers were deserting the company in droves .
the only other alternative is to move to another part of the country .
three years after they were married tas had been asked to transfer to the west country .
most of my schoolmates came from bow and popular and i have lived in the west country for fifteen years .
they went straight to the saloon keeper and complained about it , but he just responded by saying , its a free country .
it was a big country out there , and anything could happenand if they were nt seen doing it to the farmers , who could prove it was them ?
` ` i found out that it 's part of a natural underground spring that goes all the way underneath this whole part of the country .
and that is how sheriff itchy mitch brought the cattle rustlers to justice without having to chase them all over the country , by using a little bit of garlic and a cow named flutterbusket .
and i noticed that there were two choices for congo under the country selection and assumed that only one of the names had to be right .
actually i learned that vatican city has one of the highest crime rate per capita of any country in the world .
days later , in a different country , i still felt embarrassed by the conversation .
the architecture is spectacular ; the whole feel of the country is just intoxicating .
knuckling down is a fast and accurate method of shooting and was common in the playgrounds of every school across the country .
it is truly one of the most beautiful views in the whole country .
with a population of some five thousand people barclay is considered by many to be one of the most beautiful and picturesque small towns in the country .
you were standing there with a grin the size of a small country on your face .
with more than half of this country being a bunch of fat asses , i bet you could be the next new thing .
and i certainly did nt want her deadin another room in a faraway country , yes .
he was just frustrated and scared , and i m sure a little angry that i d let him get on his flight across country .
perry rainford bidwell was not a man you buy with trinkets , he was a man to whom trinkets were given by heads of state and foreign dignitaries ; trinkets that he would throw into one of the many closets in one of the many rooms in one of the many homes in one of the many countries he had purchased over the years .
america was a place where seemingly you could nt walk down any street in the country without meeting a dozen or so celebrities .
said the death of australia , new zealand and countries with a population of less than 500 total people .
we ve been all over the country and i can tell you first hand that a lot of things you read about in the travel books are much smaller in person than you actually think they will be .
a woman who fights for everything we as a country hold dear .
mr . lupus was merely a vain man wandering through a self - conceited country .
mr . lupus exited into the light and the death of australia , new zealand and countries with a population less than 500 gave a knowing wave to barnaby as she followed him through .
kilgorgeben is located three hundred and twelve billion miles from earth and on a white sand beach in the small island country of brecklonport , the death sat on a wicker chair sipping on a pia colada [ because every island resort town in the known universe has a bartender who makes the worlds best pia colada ] .
* * * * * the death of australia , new zealand and countries with a population less than 500 total people stepped out from behind a large bush trimmed in the shape of a flamingo and watched the car drive off down the road .
* * * * * the death of australia , new zealand and countries with a population less than 500 total people sat on a car parked outside barnabys hotel with michael ryan beside her .
famine and war were less hesitant as they came over , seeing that the monsters did nt seem to care about devouring a walking bag of bones or a living halloween costume , so they figured a hulking brute of a man with enough weaponry at his side to arm a small mideast country and a young woman who looked like shed just come back from the polo grounds had little to worry about .
it had not gone unnoticed by the group over the years that the shyest and least authoritative member of the brotherhood was from a country where strength is a valuable commodity .
me and the death of australia , new zealand and countries with a population less than 500 total people ca nt fight .
ketty pointed to the death of australia , new zealand and countries with a population less than 500 total people , who had been trying to explain that the four horsemen had , as they were busy arguing over all sorts of petty things , already taken flight and were on their way to l.a . she had known barnaby for thousands of years and men in general for much longer and knew how stubborn they could be when they got to discussing whatever it was men talk about .
i did nt tease you , said gladiola , nee the death of australia , new zealand and countries with a population less than 500 total people .
not me ; i was born in the country .
the country is the city .
there was the added drama of criminal activity , the sort of operatics that required you to visit the more exotic regions of subdom , those places farther displaced than suicide country , which was only marginally off the map .
i suspected he d made up the whole hummingbird thing , but he insisted it actually was a real dish in some obscure country like wingtopia or someplace .
` ` they are leaving the country for a year in europe , '' she continued .
and she had no intentions of flying all over the country with a man old enough to be her father who had anything but fatherly feelings toward her .
` ` true , but did you have to tell the receptionist our national guard unit had been called up , and we were in some made - up island country for the past two weeks ?
like bonus features or little wormholes that suck the brick in and shoot it out of a cannon in another country .
i need to get out of the country .
over 40 % of the countrys cranes were currently in the area , so the papers said .
i mean he loved his country , loved his king , loved the union jack , but when it came to killing people , an eye for an eye and all that ... seemed wrong .
no longer welcome as a visitor to the country of rumbago or her territories , bludwyn read the transcript with a smile .
andy pondered what kind of dinosaurs sent faxes , then , wondered whether you can sack someone in this country for loyalty to the previous ceo .
the two officials of the country 's second oldest life insurance company stood useless at the bottom of the stairs until a girl with incontrovertible ginger plaits told them to take a mat and pointed to a stack of multicoloured luges .
perhaps , this time , they 'll head hunt , not just outside the country , but outside the bloody solar system .
the facts are straightforward enough , although the dates are a matter of some conjecture ; in 1905 , perhaps two years or so after the invasion , the new day party under no authority other than their own , imposed martial law on our destroyed and disorganised country and proceeded to destroy it anew .
bizarrely , pride and confidence was to be restored through the belief that the martians had found their country , their capital - whichever country and capital that happened to be - important enough to invade .
bizarrely , pride and confidence was to be restored through the belief that the martians had found their country , their capital - whichever country and capital that happened to be - important enough to invade .
the foundations of six other camps were discovered -and subsequently destroyed at various unknown locations throughout the country .
( monstrum perdition , new day party , undated ) the group swarmed across the country , merging and organising towns and survivors into capable communities , each run by a ` ` father ' and his accompanying squadron of troops .
the new day fortified their senior fathers in london , and troopers , armed with a new weapon which scientists had developed using heat ray components , spread out across the country determined to burn the new enemy into submission .
for five years the country battled against the plague and the rats , eventually emerging triumphant once more .
the grand cabinet would deal with the problems of new town members and address the needs of the country as a whole .
show halls were hastily thrown up all around the country and the first reels - a few documentaries and two poorly adapted war plays - were displayed .
icelands prime minister had actually asked the whole country to welcome us as guests and defenders .
dollop pondered back to the time when it had been his dream to help evil seize a town or even a country .
the intimidation level increased to somewhere beyond ' leave the country in panic ' .
no wonder the country 's in a state , feckless single mothers all over the shop claiming benefits and cheating the taxpayer .
bloody brussels eurocrats , filling our country with scrounging pedie dole - scum .. death shudders .
'' we ' ve been looking for you all over the country .
ardens unhappy face accidentally folded into a smile for below him glittered an image he had travelled quite a distance from his home country to witness , and he conceded , with a silent sigh , that such a postcard picture was the kind of one only this extraordinary city of mumbai could provide .
such un - expected visions as that afternoons fake army procession beneath his office window were part of the web of reasons contributing to why he loved his still relatively new job in this new ( but so very old ) country which would always be capable of delivering such delightful surprises .
from coast to coast , the country was suffering under what many economists were already calling a global financial crisis , so arden knew he d be reduced to queuing for sporadic , un - rewarding tutoring work at community colleges and low - level universities .
in return for a free 5.30 am minibus pick - up from in front of the colaba causeway mcdonalds ( where no beef patties have ever been served and behind which the sacred humpbacked zebu street - cows can be seen picking through the back alley rubbish in search of old lettuce heads and discarded garlands of marigold flowers , patiently whipping away flies with their tails ) , the western - looking backpackers and budget travelers arden had discovered forwent the notion of gainful employment in exchange for the kudos they d earn upon returning to their countries of origin .
he was no prude but neither was he keen on so openly breaking the drug laws in a foreign country : his fully legitimate business visa status had been too hard come by to jeopardize just like that .
even gallivanting royalty from tiny , obscure european countries she had never before heard of had come to hepburns - not that the press or the paparazzi ever got wind .
the good old beeb was , of course , ubiquitous and their hourly news bulletins kept expat britons happy at the personal , pulling hair out by the roots , bridge burning choices they had made years before in fleeing their country of origin .
it was certainly not deemed an immoral or illegal act and the perpetrators - if , indeed , that is the right word - were not demonized as they were in ardens home country .
no longer holding out hope for the safety of an underage actress , nor caring about the pedophilia of a rich , ill mannered man in a country where his behavior was more the norm than a deviation , nor even wondering how to transcribe all he was seeing into the paper mill of his world - changing playwriting , arden then decided to improvise an exit .
the population of that country was exploding , and many people needed homes to call their own .
these p.s.a.s were to be presented on projection screens at social gatherings and community houses all over the country in the hope of educating the public about the issues of the day and matters of public health and well - being .
it was considered one of the best prep schools in the country .
anyway awesomecon is the biggest board game , role - playing game , video game , anime , sci - fi , fantasy , comic book convention in the country .
well , awesomecon is the one of the biggest conventions in the country .
next year , however , i intend to bring suit in salt lake , and lots of other cities across the country .
it most closely resembles that of scandinavian countries , like finland , but there s still a lot about it that is different .
mike could nt make out a word he said , and when cuddy realized this he began to shout , slowly and emphatically , as if he was in a foreign country and volume and tempo were why he was nt being understood .
the cost of travelling across the country , to visit leading doctors and obtain second opinions , was exorbitant .
i just ca nt have him in the country no more .
rico would be playing a twenty seven show tour across the country .
my mother had once been one of the most sought after fashion designers in the country before she decided to put her law degree to good use .
granted , women across the country come here and there s always room for more , but not everyone who needs to be here can come here .
she wanted to escape , but feared going back to her home country , brazil .
i knew she would be safe in the united states , but she needed proper documentation if she did nt want to risk getting kicked out of the country .
mr . price may be a jerk , but i did nt have the heart to leave him unemployed or have him banished to a country where it would feel like he was earning a living in hell itself .
he would have been sent home by any self - respecting boss of any organisation in the country but his own .
how unsettling in a country infamous during its civil war for its decapitations , cannibalism and various stories of voodoo practices , that his bosss wits should have been thrown into disarray at such a seeming trifle .
when their intense little gathering was disbanded , dexter sat alone for a while under the lemon tree by the pretty water feature thinking about his life and wondering how he had managed to end up in a foreign embassy dressed as a fried egg , talking intrigue to probable assassins in the most volatile country in africa .
for years it was known that the diamonds were fuelling charles taylors war and that , once in power , foday sankoh in sierra leone would soon follow , thanks to support from the former if elected who due to his propaganda machine and terror tactics was keeping the country hostage .
the harsh dictatorial atmosphere that gripped the country was due in large part to samuel doe 's rule .
an americo - liberian named charles taylor with the backing of neighbouring countries such as burkina faso and cote d'ivoire entered nimba county to the north of the country with around 100 men .
an americo - liberian named charles taylor with the backing of neighbouring countries such as burkina faso and cote d'ivoire entered nimba county to the north of the country with around 100 men .
a large section of the country came under the invaders ' control as a result .
although he had been first introduced to the aid business and gained considerable experience as the manager of lumasi , an 113,000 - strong refugee camp in ngara , tanzania , on the rwandan border , he had never been a country director before .
he had been his country coordinator back in the camps in tanzania on the rwandan border , where he had started as an aid worker .
the ministry was a four - storey building on broad street that ruth perrys interim government had chosen to give some sort of semblance of political stability in the country until the elections , which was mainly used to hold meetings with un and ngo organisations .
billboards with his face and full name : charles ghankay taylor ( the ghankay to appeal to the indigenous majority , the non americo - liberians in the country ) were everywhere .
holland your country .
i know this country better than anyone .
and the only reason he now found himself un head of mission in in - town monrovia was because he had been stationed in the country a great deal longer than anyone else .
not one for holding back , he noted ; marching into a new country , into his embassy , speaking his mind so freely .
i m a i was a country coordinator somalia , tanzania , sierra leone .
someone who can get you safely out of the country if things explode here again .
kidnapping is serious business in this country .
today he would run , far away , and if he were truly fortunate , he might find himself a safer place to be some day , in some temporary tented camp or other in some foreign country .
they could nt have one of ours , a homegrown american , abducted in a third world country .
i told our man we were smuggling an old friend of his into the country , yormie prince johnson .
the country would be straight back to civil war , and we d all be back to square one , spat said .
uncle wark worked as an entertainer in the early twentieth century , starting out as an ax - juggler on the vaudeville stage before refining his act into one of the first successful standup comedy routines to tour the country .
` ` in your country , '' he spoke calmly as if he just stepped from a nearby confessional , ` ` you are apt to say , ' who is your daddy ? ' .
he insisted i travel out of country without confirming our target 's departure .
` ` it 's a somewhat free country .
the friction between the two countries consisted of a piquancy found while attending annual family reunions -- as well as birthday , wedding and funeral gatherings docketed in - between -- meaning the oujda station , rubbing against the algerian border , served as the end of the line .
` ` they should go back to their own country .
she was certain they were tailed while visiting countries the world over .
the strategy of my audible was based on the well - founded ' statue of liberty ' american football formation -- appropriate while facing death in the country of the neoclassical harbor statue 's origin -- executed trotters - on - funk rugby - style .
how innovative half - drown the bastards sixty times a day until they say what we tell them to say and if they do n't , we 'll stop em sleeping nights til they do n't know what 's black from what is white and if they still do n't fess up ; well , then we must render them , to another country where beatings and electrocutions start the soul from body , each link wrenched apart .
and while more than half knew that al - qaeda and the taliban were based in afghanistan , only one in six could find the country on a map .
nie had nt sent out bills for months , maybe even a year and a half , and thousands of households in the country did nt know why and did nt care , as long as the bill continued to not arrive .
that was the easy bit ; reaching the actual village was another matter , but she got there eventually , wondering how on earth a supposedly modern country could have such poor provision for travel outside the main centres .
only thing is , i get to talking to sales reps and people like that - i ' ve got a few contacts about the country - and from what they tell me , it 's no better anywhere else !
` ` ford business is as big as it comes anywhere in the country and if we have n't got it , somebody else must have .
` ` in my country , we drink straight '' , he eyed dave expectantly .
it was a 1,213.4 square - kilometer city that was the heart of the united republic of kohlberg , our lovely country .
we eventually packed and left the country by stowing away in some cargo train headed for south developing a routine that i eventually got accustomed to : pack and pack and never unpack because we were never to stay in one of his headquarters for longer than two days .
stepping into the tall chrome halls bathed me in a sense of nostalgia , but after having everything learned recently , this place was just as foreign as another country to me .
he did n't need those two escorts behind him to tell me how high up his rank was , nor did he have to wear those badges on his chest to show me how much he has done to serve this facility and country .
it looks like aliens will be staying with families around the country .
one of the prerequisites for taking part in this program is at least a basic mastery of the language of the country they will stay in .
he was just a normal guy , and now painfully aware that he did nt know as much about the background of his own country as he should have .
forrar conflict 6 a.c . five years after the gender reversal , the country of forrar took advantage of chaos in its neighbor .
the country of streng had not fully adapted to the change , and using this opportunity , forrar invaded streng for resources .
while other counties were involved in the forrar conflict , the country of istory secretly stockpiled weapons and armor in its mountainous regions .
it was a small group of special forces from the county of aggrark , by the name of the grey zephyrs , which infiltrated istory and eliminated the command structure of the country .
the truth was that joseph had nt any faith in the english education system that told so many lies about ireland and he would have been quite happy for the boy to muddle through at schools whatever country he was in at the time .
it seemed to joseph that what conan was going to miss more than his mother was his annual stay in the low countries .
many of the people he met were a little disappointed that cons project was not a more overt gesture of solidarity with the downtrodden language of the basque country and that he was only pursuing it out of his interest in multilingualism .
he rarely referred to his origins , although at the faculty social after a couple of dry sherries he could be heard to declare that his country was the most beautiful in the world .
it was not unusual to stumble upon him late at night in the kitchen , seated at the table examining a catalan guide to bee - keeping in the pyrenees , or poring over a barcelona bus schedule , or puzzling over the diagrams of the compressed - air braking systems detailed in the french railway engineers manual for the maintenance of sncf rolling stock , or even trying to decipher the arcane terminology of a nineteenth - century portuguese cotton buyers guide subtitled , a handbook for the understanding of the different modalities employed in the countries of india , angola and brazil .
on that occasion he had been told to leave the country by the local chief of police .
package holidays to spain had barely begun and the first charter flights from luton airport were destined for the beaches of the mediterranean , not the mountains of the north of the country .
is nt that just what you d expect in a peasant country where they come out of the house one morning and the fox has killed three of their chickens in the night , doing it just out of malice , not out of need ?
chapter eleven it was nt far to corunna and when we arrived it immediately impressed me as an unusual urban enclave in an otherwise rural country ; it sprawled in a way that santiago did nt .
however great might be cunqueiros talent for describing the arcane and quirky ways of our country cousins in galicia , in the basque country he will never be known as anything other than one of francos paid fantasists , employed during the civil war to peddle deleterious propaganda against our alien race .
every time dad chanced upon larry in the corridor confiding his fake origins to some pretty , pony - tailed undergraduate , telling her that his parents originated in nice , and even though the family had now lived in this country for many years , he still found that he had difficulty adjusting to the low levels of light , dad would come up behind him and say the same infuriating thing that he always said .
i ve never seen so many cafes and they all have cafe spelt with an acute accent over the e. we do nt have accents in english but if we did , and given the way the word is pronounced in this country , the accent should be placed over the a .
it was a very popular way for wives and girlfriends in this country to keep in touch with their husbands and boyfriends serving as soldiers in the british army on the rhine .
i got the impression also that for some people it was an early form of time travel , taking the country back , week after week , to 1945 when the war was nt quite over and we could all enjoy it for a little while longer .
no , it went missing somewhere in the basque country .
i can see how anything he writes would be taboo in the basque country .
he said he wanted to pick dads brains over a holiday he was planning to the basque country and get larrys slant on the merits of crossing into france to visit biarritz .
their banner read , there is not a safe tory seat in the country .
he acknowledged that the separatist culture that endured in rural vala , vizcaya and guipuzcoa was a nationalism built upon their ethnic differences with the rest of the country .
it then became abundantly clear that he had acted alone and dads coincidental journeys to the basque country had nothing to do with spying .
he was held at the far end of the country , in the very jail you could see from the window of my hall of residence .
lvaro cunqueiro passed away in 1981 and he had to wait until fifteen years after his death before merlin and family finally found its way into english , by which time it seemed quaint and out of place , a fifties fairy tale or a nostalgic lament for a little country long ago lost in a far away corner of spain .
of course i m sure , ai nt they got some custom in this country where a bride comes with a dowry , her dowry would probably make clems pile look like chicken - feed .
if you do , i promise you that ill not go to the authorities , ill allow you both to leave the country and not a word will be said to stop you .
i believe with the right kind of wife by my side this whole area would be a centre of culture and inspiration to the whole country .
i was under the impression it was impossible for my brother to have a secret , dark or otherwise , without him repeating it up and down the country .
this is a free country , clemmie , if a suit of armour chooses not to speak then we , as englishmen , must abide by his decision .
they were usually annual or seasonal family gatherings held in different parts of the country to celebrate some achievement or to commemorate an anniversary or some such .
chris finally felt called back to his own country and got involved with helping budding entrepreneurs find their feet during the recession of the early 80s .
kill him off in another country , suggested belter .
professor cabot was one such , and within days of his arrival in the country came news of his departure from the planet .
if they did n't , every thief in the country would be lining up to relieve wizards of magical swords , potions and anything else they could find with a resale value .
you have every ghost in the whole country heading here .
you can then plant these signs by the side of roads all over the country , so that kids playing the alphabet game while travelling in their folks car can find the letter q and get through the alphabet before they drive their parents crazy .
millions of struggling obese people ( more than half the country ) turned on their tvs everyday in the hope of seeing that our hero would succumb to his addiction and eat .
the whole country was watching in joyous anticipation .
this is lupine country .
this is for all the years we ve had to deal with these douche bags in our country .
i ve been alpha of the union since those greedy southerners tried to make their own country and there s a reason i m still around .
taliban taliban noun ( in afghanistan ) a fundamentalist islamic army : in 1996 it defeated the ruling mujaheddin factions and seized control of the country ; overthrown in 2001 by us - led forces , although resistance continues , especially in the south it was already quite dark ; the next airport shuttle arrived through the boom gate , marking the passage of time in half hour intervals .
beas in venice or some other country with no good rock bands .
uh , venice is a city not a country .
what he accomplished was to make hundreds of thousands of americans take their shoes off every day at airports around the country .
he must have felt sorry for the elderly couple since they were traveling alone to a foreign country .
she told virg that the cafc was the only court in the country for direct appeals from the federal district courts on patent matters .
( 21 ) people who talk about africa like its one big country .
maybe india for tigger or a country in africa ?
also , tests today by florence gas and water demonstrate that we have some of the cleanest drinking water in the country .
in truth , there were no ingredients for pretty much any dish from any country in my apartment unless macaroni - and - cheese counts .
we like to keep the beauty of our country a secret from americans .
i m in another country and you woke me up .
we had just been hit with another of the blackouts common to the country and my host family was , as best i could tell , complaining about the government .
it reminded me of the cathedrals in the old countries except it was smaller .
this was a problem for some preachers who were immigrants from countries such as greece and never needed to learn the local tongues .
you do that , skipper , but you might be busy planning your defense on the charges related to that dead cuban you tried to smuggle into the country .
he had soon found out that the country was like an old map , stained with hotels , concert halls , and beauty spots that had been visited by the happy couple , and which were now taboo .
not because he was considered a danger to society , or likely to flee the country , or because he could not raise the money for his bail conditions .
flee to another country ?
` ` since then my father has taken me from one country to another trying to get over my mother , but he ca n't .
you said this trip would be cool , but all we ve had so far is a sink full of sick , no lifts , cold showers , miles of gropers and a whole country full of those horrible little foreign guys trying to sell us bronze cigarette lighters that spew flames through their vaginas when you press their boobs .
this whole country seems to make its living selling crap trinkets on street corners or waiting on tables .
apparently the managers got witnesses and will has to appear in court some time next week if we ca nt smuggle him out of the country before then .
here i am , the woman with the funniest bottom in all of england come to your country to entertain and amuse you .
some might consider this analogy only in reference to chicagos geographic location in the middle of the country .
when i asked you to write about life in a foreign country i naturally expected you to base your essay on your own experiences here in prague , and i was quite surprised that you chose to write about someone else .
and i do nt know how she got out of the country without her mother knowing .
his quick and punchy lines had swayed a very successful businessman , multi millionaire and head of one of the largest drinks manufacturers in the country , so it was certainly safe to assume that it would work on an under qualified and slightly tipsy personal assistant .
if you can pass the final test of being in the same country as me for the next 4 weeks , then we might as well meet up tomorrow night for dinner .
it looks like he is due imminently into the country and i do know there are some quite senior meetings of the big wigs at food united group locked in for late this week and early next , that maybe he is arriving for .
ronnie had only been in the country for less than 24 hours , and even someone with daves appetite would have struggled to have got an introduction in that time .
its a free country , mate .
bomber will have to leave the country immediately ; that s why the timing is crucial .
plus , the cops will have no reason to suspect you and bomber will be out of the country before you can say lucy loose lips .
she had just been walking down a particularly interesting street in a fascinating country she did nt recognise , and had been standing in front of an especially mysterious door when ogg brought her back to reality before she could even peep inside .
its not a good time to be tourist in my country , signorina .
besides , we probably live at opposite ends of the country , maybe even the world .
as a country it had survived like the piano player in a wild west saloon .
its a cool concept : the owner auditions musicians from the around the country , rotates the best through his video screens , and you go in and buy the download .
but , he was moving out the door as i rose , virtually shouting back to me , god bless you on your journey through our great country , and god bless the second district of montana .
danes character is revealed to be the love child of a middle eastern royal , not a poor indiana couple , now struggling to keep warring religious factions from destroying his countrynot her town ; and she leaves her comfortable life in london , not ft . wayne , to bring peace to her fathers country , by cultivating a rare flower , not her grandmothers old recipe , that flavors her gelato in a unique way .
his economic epitaph reads : from him , thy freedom lights were lit our country grew a bit wrestling jonah purslane dec . 29 , 1757 - dec . 29 , 1833 which leads me to my tale of this soon - to - be - not - so - secret hood : i targeted wrestling hill for what i thought would be the standard array of organic eateries , hookah shops and day spas .
well , ill tell you rons working on a number of things ; he s been pondering whether she should nt just try to spin slavonian as moravian and just promote that whole thing simple religious folk move here from the old country , like in winston - salem .
prayer requests brought the usual small town appeals of folks in need of work , good weather this growing season , and relief for the people in the south who had endured one of the worst tornado seasons in the history of our country .
but oktok had heard of new magic , from some country far across the waves .
but i suppose that s to be expected from the top safe - cracker in the country .
i was thinkin yad left the country .
roland , my boy , you ve got about two hours to write it , and it ll be the headlines in every major paper in the country in the morning .
and just as rayford had predicted , the story made the front page on every newspaper of any importance in the country the following morning .
smartest pig in the country , the man boasted with a hearty laugh .
at seven - thirty , television stations around the country interrupted their programming to air a special report , live from midvale .
if we hear of you working again in this part of the country , then you got a problem .
cia , yes , very nice , we have many of you now in our country , can hardly walk around without stepping on one of you .
run the country .
i d seen tons of that shit , arizona is crawling with it , and practically the whole country is snoozing on pima cotton , but they re too dumb to realize it .
well , now that you re here , well take your biological coordinates as well and relay them to the symbolic computer database , we might have to provide biometric passports for both of you to leave the country with the harem . ''
take this vehicle with you with habib , its a gift from the ministry of transportation , well get shalia and jenny inside after the wedding takes place , to drive them to saudi arabia and get them out of the country . ''
in this part of the country , they grow fat and long , almost seven feet and as big around as a strong mans calf .
a job that s year round , pays well enough and in this part of the country , a position of some importance and therefore , respect .
four americans signed up for trekking with sumi for the first few days of a seven - day adventure into the steep foothills of the annapurna range , the spine of nepal , which is the mother country of the himalaya mountains .
with anna out of the country , stirg had lost his reason for behaving like a simple citizen .
with their country ( almost all were native russians , that being the way of the mariinsky for two hundred years ) ?
gergiev had seen him then , and had run into him one or two other times when the mariinsky was on tour out of the country .
the few times he had been back in russia since his defection were for international charity events , the only condition under which the ministry of cultural affairs would permit his presence in the country .
you smuggled the ps out of the country , and got roger safely out of the compound and onto the plane with me .
this reminded him of a year earlier when he had set up the logistics for smuggling the hoard of artifacts stolen from the hermitage out of the country in shipping containers , which coincidentally also contained half the heist team .
they d snatched forty - five people , from a different country .
more than one type of education awaited me in the big sky country .
the country has changed too , but in a slow , steady kind of decline .
we would be three this year , aldershot , basketti and i , somewhere in the mountains of the big sky country .
elk , after having been scared or shot at , will leave the country .
in late october , i usually made my annual journey to the big sky country for big game hunting .
crossing the last high mountain pass , i entered the big sky country for another outdoor adventure and luxuriated in a wonderful state of anticipation and euphoria .
any fellow outdoorsman knows the quiet , through to the bone , thrill you feel when you are traveling in your favorite country going toward the special area you call your hunting spot .
the big sky country is quite a unique and picturesque area .
stretching in a large circular arc , this ring of high , forested mountains surrounds a broad flat valley , forming a gigantic bowl , which comprises the unique outdoor area known as the big sky country .
there were still plenty of errors made on schtupp field , but here , unlike most youth leagues around the country , bad hops were rarely the cause of any of them .
if anything , he became more acutely aware of the extent of the racism in the world and in his country , and more convinced of the ignorance of its roots .
like many americans that day , alex lost a sense of innocence but gained a greater feeling of love and pride in his country , the greatest ever known in the brief history of our small planet .
it turned out she was from the country too , but she had bigger plans .
he fought the good fight but patriotism on its basest level did not motivate him he loved his country insofar as it realized the potential of the world .
this was neither a good or a bad thing , except the country was at peace and prospering , and that was good .
post war where no one trusted the russians and the country needed roads to move military assets around the country at greater speeds .
post war where no one trusted the russians and the country needed roads to move military assets around the country at greater speeds .
he was going to do his part wrap the country from sea to sea in continuous bands of asphalt .
in truth , after the success of his book and lectures , and after achievement of designing an entire map of superhighways for the country of tomorrow , he may have been getting a little full of himself .
maybe they feel like the federal government is finally watching the best rural road system in the country unfold and want to know how it happened maybe they want their valedictorian up on stage for the nation to praise .
anointed and appointed does n't sound like the country i grew up in .
it 's a great honor to meet you you are no doubt responsible for us having one of the best rural road systems in the country .
wow , free chocolate cake this country is really amazing .
even if it was a foreign country .
he d already left the scene of an accident , and in a foreign country at that .
left alone , gordy was ready to give this beast called academic research in a foreign country a good petting .
vietnamese guest workers all over the east side , broke , homeless , no country to call home .
in a foreign country .
which means , they could be out of the country .
i love this country , i do , but this has gotten out of hand .
another mile and half and we would arrive at the new york times building and maybe from the home of the best newspaper in the country we d start a new better read civilization that featured home delivery .
she knew a lot about computer programming , and about iranian culture , in which she had been saturated her whole life , and that was all , never before having left her country .
if it was true , what a payoff for all his years of service to the country and his religion .
he was a lot older than laleh , but like her , he d never been out of the country .
americas a big place , and people are different in different parts of the country .
all kinds of things were going on in the country that needed his wisdom and attention , but he had his mind on something else , though none of the lessers knew what .
this has nothing to do with our blessed country .
i am unworthy of such a sacrifice by the people of our great country , your holiness , from whom all blessings flow into our treasury .
the aya paused and thought , then he continued , actually , it was sort of in this account in the bank of tehran , but i was advised by a duly authorized and canonized financial staffer that it would be safer to keep this money in an account in a different country , due to the constant and insufferable hacking attempts by the nefarious cia .
a refugee from iran , never been out of her country , never been to the states , did nt know what a picnic was , wanting to make a movie inside a small 800 seat theater .
he wants to retrieve the money and place it safely back in the account where it will be held until the day , that great day , when it will be distributed as a blessing from on high to all the citizens of the great country of iran .
it was understood between the aya and the colonel that this had to do with the male people of the country , the females being of less , if any , consideration .
she gets into the computer banking system of her country , steals a ton of money from important people , leaves her country , meets a western guy , and falls in love .
she gets into the computer banking system of her country , steals a ton of money from important people , leaves her country , meets a western guy , and falls in love .
just as there are no diplomatic relations and everyday communications between the countries , there are nt any direct flights from tehran to london .
and that was why he stood watching the baggage carousel go round and round , standing shoulder to shoulder with all these nasty infidels in this nasty infidelish country of church of england believers , waiting for the colonel to tell him what the hell was going on and what he was supposed to do now .
as soon as the three iranian assassins had woken up after their first night in the mosque , even before they d had a cup of hot green tea , the young bearded door keeper had started yelling at them about killing everyone in london , man , woman , and child , while the two newly acquainted lovers from different countries had asked them who their favorite simpson characters were , bart , lisa , or maggie .
in front of each team name he saw a little colored flag representing the country , and there was the iranian flag opposite the flag of monaco , the second smallest country in the world , about the size of central park in new york city .
in front of each team name he saw a little colored flag representing the country , and there was the iranian flag opposite the flag of monaco , the second smallest country in the world , about the size of central park in new york city .
gale the mouth : its about a young woman from the middle east , some country over there , they re all the same , who gets pissed off at her family and her government and the way she s treated , like a second class citizen , and who decides its time for a big change .
two blond babes talking about a movie , or something , in america ( that cesspool of a country ) .
george , now she s talking about the plot of this thing , whatever it is , says it about a woman from the middle east , some country there , they re all the same , gale says , who steals a bunch of money from a vip , gets out of there , ends up in charleston ; then the vip sends an assassination team after her .
gwen thought about how to put this , then said , the production is about a young woman living in a middle eastern country who gets fed up with being a second class citizen .
gwen did nt bite on that , and continued , this woman leaves her country to make a new life for herself and lands here in charleston , of all places .
hablibi said , right , great , all of you , way to go , thinking , this is the best and brightest our country has to offer ?
he doubted there were any virgins in this godforsaken country , but then he doubted his boys would be able to detect any flaws in the rental equipment , them not having any experience in screwing infidels .
nothing but the best for the iranian boys in service to their country .
we know what we want , some good food , meeting nice people like yourselves , maybe a day or two of duck hunting , we like to hunt , then we have other parts of your wonderful country to see .
both priss and lewy noted their boss had dispensed with all references to the peoples money , to their patriotic duty to their country , to everything associated with a higher calling , including future interludes with celestial virgins .
she spends a couple of years tracking the paths of certain banking operations in her country until one day she discovers what she s been looking for : the private bank account of the religious ruler she despises .
she leaves her country and her family and her culture , and makes a new life for herself .
she said , i do nt know them personally , but they are from my country .
the boys sat there hidden by the trees , surrounded by infidels in a hellish country , wondering how to get back to the relative safety of their $ 800 a night hotel rooms .
the two assassins had grown five inch long beards in the five days simply by not shaving twice a day with their pocketknives , as they had done since arriving in this islamic - god forsaken country .
this is the story of a young woman from a middle eastern country who wants a better life .
a few of my friends have done this and told me it is a good way to get out of the country and start looking out for the elders that are stuck there .
we shared a joke at how silly the rich country was , just giving money away .
i think we should go for a proper weekend , like every other normal male in the country does .
with them being in a war torn or third world country their stunts were a lot more dangerous .
now there 's a country that is one goddamn fucking awful mess !
well , it 's a huge country i said .
there are n't that many in the country ?
the next time one of them went to my house after not hearing from me for days , they d just see a foreclosure sign with no explanation from me , or maybe they d all receive letters with my signature forged on them saying that i was leaving the country to pursue a life as a traveling minstrel .
i have to get a husband , its the only way for me to stay in this country , she gushed .
a few days earlier gwen had told her the story of the appearance of the russian blue cats , how they had belonged to the cook of the container ship on which four russians criminals had been smuggled into the country , the criminals being partners of the junes .
i do nt want to live there , but i think about my country all the time .
loyalty to his country .
in russia we can love our country , and still steal from her .
he anthropomorphized them , yes , and made them about his country and his youth and his feeling of loyalty .
they do that job for the excitement part , but also for their country .
he was a patriotic sort of person , and respected patriotism no matter what country it was directed at .
while jinny was cleaning all day , he also was learning about the history of the palace , and thereby was learning the history of his country .
basically , crime is the same no matter what country you work in .
jinny said simply that russians loved their country , their art , their missiles , their aristocrats ( well , some of the russians loved their aristocrats ) and their history , but they did nt love their food .
this was not the case in the great state of south carolina , and it definitely is not the case in the great country of russia .
jinny said that plouriva was willing to talk , and further said she had suggested a way for jinny and his team to get into the country .
this would consist of a way for him to enter the country with minimal attention from the authorities , either accompanied by roger and gwen , or with a way to rendezvous with them in st . petes .
she told him his best bet for getting back into the country and avoiding immigration scrutiny was to stow - away in a shipping container leaving the port of stockholm , bound for the port of lomonosov .
the last time they had talked he did nt even know if he was going to make it into the country .
now he s arriving the day after tomorrow , and talking about getting out of the country with a bunch of contraband state property .
the three comrades were in romanov country .
if no word came , that would mean failure , and they would be on the next flight out of the country .
she said , you have nt figured out how to get the stuff out of the country yet , have you jinny ?
the fact that two russian quasi - crime - based couples were meeting with a third russian couple one half of which was in the country illegally , and an american couple , did nt seem to faze any of the six russians , so the junes relaxed and went with the flow .
the russians never had heard of any food ( shrimp and grits ) native to any country that commonly was eaten at any time of the day , breakfast , lunch , or dinner , which intrigued them .
the last step was.getting the goods out of the country .
we are russians , and we love our country , except in winter , when we hate our country .
we are russians , and we love our country , except in winter , when we hate our country .
constantine had seen these arrive in moscow on numerous occasions , because he insisted on personally welcoming this very valuable equipment into the country .
the ship may make twenty port calls in fifteen countries , but eventually it , and the crates , would end up in charleston .
these two russian men just had conspired to steal russian heritage materials and smuggle them out of the country , and they acted as if they had agreed to sell and buy a used car .
one involved the big shipping crates , and the other was how the hell she was going to get out of the country alive .
as far as her escaping the country , she knew roger and gwen were going to leave russia the night before the theft .
the deal jinny had made with her , that the junes had agreed to , was if plouriva succeeded at getting the stuff out of the hermitage compound , and if she had a way to get the stuff out of the country and on its way to the states , that would invest her as a full partner in all future financial returns .
the important logistical point plouriva had not yet figured out was how to get herself out of the country after the theft .
how to bribe the guards at the compound service entrance\exit to let the trucks out without wondering what was going on , and how to get her and jinny out of the country and onwards to charleston .
he told plouriva the answer to problem number two , how to get him and her out of the country the day after the night of the theft , was relatively easy .
he said as soon as he was done with his second bowl of salted cod he would contact constantine and henric and ask them to get him and her out of the country .
jinny thought of pointing out to plouriva that he and she were conspiring to steal russian heritage artifacts and smuggle them out of the country , but instinct took control and he held his tongue .
he figured the guy who imported supercomputers from china was the guy who could get him and his girl out of the country .
please smuggle him and plouriva out of the country the day after the night of the theft .
he told the guys if they did this thing , he would arrange to take them out of the country and get them to america and find them good jobs .
she wondered at jinny , who until the day before , did not know how they were going to get out of the country ( they still did nt actually know , they just were putting themselves in the hands of henric ) , and now he had committed to getting two more people out and finding them jobs in charleston , no less .
jinny then looked at constantine and asked , can you get four of us out of the country , the morning after three nights from now ?
and because the next day all hell is going to break loose at the hermitage , and someone will pretty quickly figure out what has gone down , and will ask pertinent questions about the guard detail , and well , to make the plan work , he had to agree to get peter and pater out of the country to protect them from sure death , and on top of that had promised them jobs in charleston , and so yes , there were four of them that constantine now had to deal with .
that was how they would be smuggled out of the country .
constantine told the team in the hanger this was the only sure way to get four people out of the country pronto .
after all , his wife just had succeeded in smuggling four russians into the country , and he realized she deserved a little consideration for the next two hours .
maybe you will write a novel about our country sometime , eh , richard ?
we are all god 's children i was with the youngest primary children at church last sunday , when something happened that made me think about civil rights day and the challenges this country has faced .
dinner every night consisted of stuffed cabbage rolls , the main staple from her home country .
he has plays translated into german and french and his work has been done in many countries around the world .
in one day they went from having never seen a mountain to standing in front of one of the country 's largest landmarks .
what 's the point of this trip if we ca n't stop and take in the beauty of this country .
i mean , i realize we 're sitting in mormon country right now and nothing this side of pentecostal comes even close to being as fucked up as that fucked up religion , but catholicism definitely has its faults .
we ' ve never found him ; he 's probably hiding out in some secluded area way off in some other country .
the worst thing to ever happen to this country .
he was out of the country filming some movie .
i think mayweather dressed as closely as possible to emma ricks , waited for jackson to be out of the country on business , make sure he was seen by the help , then murder annette jackson .
aside from the subject matter , that paper would have gotten at least a d- in any junior high classroom in the country .
in hindsight leaving the country for family events might be a good course of action .
he suspected that the police were none too pleased with the chaps in military fatigues who 'd been discharging firepower inside their precious country .
standard procedure on this level of foray was to let yourself be kicked out of a country quietly if someone with local authority insisted .
` ` he comes from the same part of the country as you , does n't he ? ''
i have n't met a person of your class from your part of the country who can think of drinking left handed .
it was hard , before dawn in a country where you did n't know anyone well , not to wonder what your life could have been like , if you had n't spent all of it that mattered chasing bad people .
` ` this is your country , probably your mess , and i ' m not overly familiar with the layout around here .
wrong country , '' emma chapman quipped .
it is a wonderful country , france .
france was , after all , a country of variety and admirable quality , and there were many things to tout about it .
` ` whereas your country has been bloodied but a few times , we have been reduced to ashes many times in the past .
he refrained from saying that the united states , in his humble opinion , had a worse problem with non - assimilation , and not just with immigrants ; that indeed it seemed to be a cornerstone of the democrats , at least , to keep people sorted into subgroups and unhappy about their own country not to mention unversed in true christianity , which , given time , by itself could overcome such manmade divisions , one maturing convert at a time .
for the rest of the trip to london they kept up a companionable silence , broken from time to time only by general conversation , or by the delivery of another of durand 's happy verbal postcards of his beloved country .
` ` it 's a free country izzenit ? ''
both for love of country , and other reasons .
they were in her country now , and perhaps she felt some sort of hostess responsibility ?
( this is not to mention that , in his more thoughtful moments , he was grateful to be able to operate in a country where the cops had lots of limits and usually followed the rules .
a man could plan ahead , in a country like that .
but i have spent many years in law enforcement in my own country , and i have among your own police agencies many friends .
not after he 'd come to believe she was n't just being nice to him because he was in her country , or because he was a colleague .
there 's a country .
orchard 's colleagues , when told on the monday about this strange performance , were much perplexed , until one of them remembered that the prime minister , who was from the same part of the country as richard hugh , was known for writing things in the sand , as a play - pretend way of sending messages across the waves .
it was some silly tradition from that part of the country , that was all ; rather nutty for grownups to be involved in , but harmless enough in its way .
got rescued together by nomads and spent another several days recovering enough to walk out of the country .
how can we defeat illiterate peasants in the third world when unwashed hippies in this country are allowed to pen , the general 's staff is a handpicked collection of killers , spies , geniuses , patriots , political operators and outright maniacs ?
* * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions charlotte , nc 28262 17 may 2006 washington speakers bureau 1663 prince st . alexandria , va 22314 dear sir or madam , i am the newly appointed secretary of charlotte for responsible american power a non - partisan citizens group which seeks to raise awareness on our countrys immense power and our concomitant responsibilities .
i m mystified how an un - american pinko like bill can live in this country .
how 'bout making it a crime to take an american job and move it out of the country ?
on page 180 , talking about chile , kinzer quotes you as saying , i do nt see why we need to stand by and watch a country go communist due to the irresponsibility of its own people .
she groaned , has our country descended , so quickly , to this , that a bunch unspeakable fkwits on npr can chortle and snigger about the fact that we are wantonly torturing human beings in us gulags ?
on page 149 the reptilian unger claims you said , every ten years or so , the united states needs to pick up some small crappy little country and throw it against the wall , just to show the world we mean business .
they made us invade their oil rich country and forced us to slaughter them by the hundreds of thousands ! ? !
especially as the asian development bank describes pakistan as a country with , ` ` poor governance , endemic corruption and social indicators that are among the worst in asia '' and musharraf and his military intelligence are widely considered to be in cahoots with the taliban and bin - laden is assumed to be their guest in the north west frontier ! !
pass it on to freedom house but instruct them that if a country has an occupying us army it must , at least , be listed as partly free .
~~~ this country is hell .
always , it was the other people , for instance the mindless government of the country , the nasty ceo of my company , the unruly maintenance agency of our society houses , the cunning grocers always blaming the surging inflation index , the ever increasing gasoline prices , the milk booth attendant who would always hide the expiry date of eatables and merchandises , and many - many more .
at first , she wanted to play the bagpipes after seeing them in a movie , but as there were no bagpipe lessons in the whole damn country , and that we already owned a piano , we persuaded her to start with that .
` ` she was the flower of her district , her state , her country , especially when the circus or army came to town . ''
if you have a limited online presence and minimal possessions , you can pack up and leave the country .
have at least one manager per country if not per coast , have several agents that represent varying aspects of your gentlemanliness , have a publicist ( have several as you will fire many of them ) , a public appearance booker , a website pr person , a legal team ( this can be just one lawyer , but have them be american - even though the canadian and british legal systems are better rounded than the us system , the us still believes its justice system is infallible ) , and then in very small print , you may have an email address for yourself .
this is a free country , and if these fascist bastards ca nt take a little cigar smoke , they can leave .
you will get money for sex and perhaps even an old watch that was probably in vietnam or another american war against some undeserving country .
proper etiquette for being a middle - aged white man and working your way out of the ghetto many of us who can read were not raised under poverty - stricken , community - housing standards in a third - world country like the united states of america .
` ` i knew this move to the country would do me good ! ''
` ` the view of this country , from the sky , is remarkable .
after about an hour his flask was empty , and then its spare was empty , and he was glad to emerge upon the edge of town , near old zinc - mining flophouses which now were home to some of the workmen drawn from around the country to work on the dam project .
the message was brief but written in a strong hand : this country is bigger than i ever imagined .
after a few minutes ' wait , a thick - necked young man in a grey suit of a cut and shade they did n't wear in this part of the country arrived and escorted him deeper into the hotel 's hallways and up the elevator and finally to the congressman 's room .
my brother chris and i had moved to this country from indiana .
at the persistent inquisition of a farmer they explained that they were assembling a prop robot they trundled across the country wherever federal dollars were subsidizing a community improvement effort .
if these are viable in a dark miserable country where it pisses it down with rain 348 days a year , let the commercial sector build them .
just some good old continuity and consistency , safe in the knowledge that you would no longer be taking any actions that would screw this country further and further down the sewer .
and , if they can screw up their neighbours economys into the bargain ( think closing french airspace , blockading every port into and out of the country ) , so much the better .
a big nice warm country with a posh opera house and lots of people that can unfortunately play cricket .
the information had been inappropriately used by cassandra scafarel , who had misappropriated the surveillance technology , installed by owens & owell in the air fashion jet , a plane believed to have been built for a large foreign country in asia .
yes , i know , be discrete , never mention you or the name of the country , china .
` ` its true , chinas is nearly twice as big in population terms , and facebooks like a country now , i wonder what the chinese would think of all these social experiments . ''
yeah , our city is the 2nd fattest city in the country , but how can you deny the gluttony caused by our fantastic cheese steaks ?
the boxing match was a metaphor for which country is the mightiest in the world .
we are designed to deal with little people , the kind that mean more to you than brothers , commoners and your country .
who would n't jump on the boat to see another country when you ' ve spent your whole life in this doghouse ? ''
i pick the first one , based on the other side of the country .
the super posse is composed of the best lawmen and trackers from all over the country .
in addition to family , we have our school and university relationships , our jobs or professions , our political affiliations , our neighborhood , our city , our state , our country , sports , clubs , bars , secret societies , social networks , gambling dens , houses of rising suns .
a friend from a foreign country was learning english , and she told me that people would ask how she was as they were passing by , but before she could form the right words they were gone .
i too have felt this way ; it was just different to hear it from a guest to our country that had only been here a few days .
somehow this slight girl , a stranger in his country , made him feel safe .
he was half - cornish , and proud of his country .
for it was indeed a country , all alone in the furthest south - west corner of england and surrounded only by water , bar a few miles where it bordered his home county .
will was picturing a black range rover with heated leather seats and lots of fog lights , which would be handy in this part of the country .
there were few local dialects in common usage and in truth , he 'd moved around the country so much he 'd forgotten which were from his own tongue and which were from foreigners , or furriners as he called them .
this was an odd country , and she 'd just have to get used to it .
this is a strange country .
this was a strange country and it took some getting used to .
will was grateful for not having to endure wind and rain , the two most common weather characteristics in this part of the country .
he has buyers all over the country asking him for advice .
dipes traveled with us all over the country as we visited family in california , florida and missouri .
he s like the brazilian soccer players who are so famous in their country they only use one name .
he said , supposedly in the old days when stalin ran the country they would send people to the gulags for like , thirty years , and some of them would hear voices after a while , but its never happened to me .
and his girlfriends out of the country , so he s bored .
i looked at him and said , to be considered a candidate a person could nt very well be a resident of any state or municipality geographically located above the mason - dixon line , and especially not in that faraway and foreign country known as new york city .
the first theft in the history of the museum , and it being the oldest museum in the country .
` ` one of your esteemed members , fellows , was born in my country , many years ago .
i 'd move , to some remote country , to a place where everyone was a stranger .
in the motels foyer there was a map of the country .
the thing is , he said , i have done so well in this country , i want to give something back to my compatriots that come across the border and have such a hard time getting started .
i give them loans that have less interest attached to them than the banks offer , and i have a furniture factory that makes furniture at a reasonable price , and now , with your help , i want to set up a removal system that can help them relocate easily across the country .
but the main thing is that your company , your way or the highway , has got such a professional way about it , and everyone notices these trucks throughout the country , and wants to be moved by them , because you offer a brilliant service with polite hardworking crews .
part of my company was now in the business of drug running throughout the country , and i did not know what to do .
i begun to go on a bogus tour of the franchises around the country , at least that is what i told hermosa .
it left him feeling dirty , and he wondered how the british and other nationalities back then had felt the right to walk into someone elses country and expect the locals to start fetching their drinks ?
despite all this i was living akin to the still sparse middleclass of this country .
this country became known as the union of south africa with the power solidly in white hands .
since over the years there had been many less contentious locales amongst my retinue of consultations , i wondered if including this terror wrought country in this present scenario was the leader of our mysterys idea of providing an element for my censure or even something more sinister .
in todays china this would be possible since this country stood to lose as much as any other .
the motive to devise a complex plot involving travel to 3 countries , including the acquisition of tattooed lesbian jailbird puzzle pieces with dribs of information and the like was also required .
they then asked what they might do instead and he said ; send me to a few good golf courses in the us when i have to be in the country for other purposes .
of course this is far from true but i thought an illustration from developing countries that i have experienced widely would create a better example of the true dominant nature of corruption as a basic proclivity in the basic makeup of the human race .
broadly speaking i found to my dismay that my progress as a consultant in developing countries depended on proffering bribes at all levels of my negotiations be it a personal need such as changing a train ticket at a ticket office to business dealings such as the following .
religion against religion , sect against sect race against race , country against country and on it goes .
religion against religion , sect against sect race against race , country against country and on it goes .
bender looked down his long nose at hammurabi then he said , ` ` i can help you disguise your army if you 'll help our gallant friends in the old country with a lend - lease agreement so they can stop antler at the channel , blow up his landing craft , inflict heavy casualties on his air force , and accumulate a terrific debt which we -- i mean they -- shall have to repay , unlike the chaps who started the war . ''
in wales , however , there is a plethora of bare spots , all that remains of wonderful megaliths that have been lifted out in their entirety and carried away in zeppelins to england , a country full of people who like very short names .
` ` wales is a highly industrialized country with crime and soap operas ! ''
he s wealthy now ; his wealth allowing him to adopt and care for four young children who were born unwanted in faraway countries .
no one would dare attack our country , ever , because we 'd annihilate the running dogs and capitalist jellyfish mongrels . ''
everywhereacross the country .
it was the only garage for miles and prices were often cited as among the highest in the country .
* * * * * across australia and , increasingly , in dozens of other countries with subtitles people had been watching the last few days in their entirety live online through the realitv website and on tv channels which had bought rights to the broadcast .
smash smash smash smash he can sell the country to the russians ... trash trash trash shh shh smash smash smash smash trash trash trash but what about you ?
` ` err , it 's a message in a bottle '' 56 - hindsight ( the curse of the hope diamond , deflated beach ball , hyena , a holiday in the country you have never visited ) ` ` and when we get back we 're gon na have to plan the interior of the house , you know , the wallpaper in each room , the carpets and curtains , which piece of furniture goes where , and who uses it , where the tvs go and in which direction the bed faces , does it face the southeast as we originally planned or does it now face the southwest seeing as i read in a feng shui book that '' three days .
beige orno , no , it 's definitely this colour , i must find a phone cover which matches this skirt , there 's no question about it , and also one for my tablet , although i do like the faded union jack , that has to be my favourite of all time , that one , and '' i 'd agreed to a holiday in a country i 'd never visited before and that was my first mistake , i guess , other than the one where i fell for her smile .
51 , with the 1 element throughout ) duel 1 ( grudge 4 ) - parody of a piece of children 's literature , la bella de la plata , invasion of the flying vampires ( from chart - djc ) impromptu challenge ( dr . seuss ' birthday ) - 200 - 500 word limit , written in the style of dr . seuss 54 - ensign chekov , scrapbooking convention , airport security , watermelon 55 ( grudge 5 ) - coyote , snow plow , 1936 chevy corvette , the zombie apocalypse 56 - the curse of the hope diamond , deflated beach ball , hyena , a holiday in the country you have never visited flash in the pan - cerreda medellin blues - jack kerouac flash in the pan - palindrome - ` ` i madam , i made radio !
besides , in this country , we 'll stick out like sore thumbs if we do n't have a grant . ''
the immortals , as you know , have a lot of time on their hands -- cottage country has been declared a smite - free zone by the ontario government , and the geneva convention bars mischievous calamity - making by any retired god or goddess , no matter what the provocation .
any fool can learn to play the ukulele or swim around with dolphins , but you re a partner in one of the most prestigious law firms in the country .
does nt mean i can take off and ride it across the country because my inner child says i should .
i m going to tackle every item on evans amazing life list starting with ride a motorcycle across the country .
he d imagined his trip across the country would take eight days .
i m driving across the country on a motorcycle .
when did this country become so obsessed with freeways ?
i m supposed to be riding across the country , and i have nt even crossed a state line yet .
he added a few eyebrow - raises and concerned pouts to the variety of his facial expressions , just in case any of those meant leave me alone , please in her country .
i could ask , or we could do that other thingdrive across the country to charleston .
single in this country , of course .
so in your country ... which is where , by the way ?
they are easy to find in my country .
america is a big country .
but there are many stresses and daily challenges when you are the leader of a great country like cuba .
the worst thing this country has ever had to put up with is james cameron and his gol - danged movies on the gol - danged usa network .
hell be halfway across the country by now , said frank .
our apologies to her majesty queen elizabeth for having to live in a country with such filth .
` ` i spoke with the vicepresident of the council of state , the secretary of the council of state and a few members , they are ready to exercise legislative initiative , and decree a general mobilization to defend the country against the aggression of cubandor and the inmates of la vista .
clarity walked with cubandor to the main cigar factory of the plantation where expert workers rolled over two hundred maestro monteviena cigars each day , in front of customers coming in from the caribbean and other countries , using cuban seed , two year old genuine cuban tobacco .
` ` yes , here on a tourist visa , i m boosting export statistics for the country .
improbable richardson was a budgerigar of eastern descent who came to our country when he was a mere chick .
moseys family went back generations in this country and were from a nearby village .
well , the inference from the minister for pc and the political psychologists was that a pink sheep is very rare , and can look like a less acceptable member of the family , and therefore this association of pink with sheep genetics might make some ethnic minorities in this country feel undervalued .
mr owl , whispered ir , i appreciate going back in time and covering all walks of life where pc has crapped on our landscape , turning it from green and pleasant to dry , arid and dull , but i thought my job would be to do my best for our villages , towns and country by helping to tackle things like - crime , drugs , binge drinking , stupid laws , silly sentencing and even sillier citizens in wigs who administer them , global warming , better health care for all , benefit fraud , education - real education , and terrorism .
in this country we went through a phase of reconstruction , not only of buildings and cities , but of morale and friendship - loving thy neighbour was easy because of the shared burden and common loss .
the owl speaks in the interests of those who have always held the wealth and power in this country .
because , as is with the rest of the country your outrage is focussed on trivia like not being able to sing a particular nursery rhyme .
meanwhile the oppressors go on dominating the political and economic life of the country , without the inconvenience of a popular uprising .
he came to this country and tried to set up a business , helping to integrate his family during this period .
and although he was looking at this challenge initially from an outsiders viewpoint , he realised quickly that he must stop comparing everything to his former country if he was to enjoy the life he wanted .
he was proud to display his belief in the w.c . party - though having come from an immigrant family he had no direct experience of working class mechanics in this country , or indeed the class divide evolution .
i am not talking about things like taxes , but about the fabric of what makes the country work together , helping your neighbour , and promoting these values through our children .
well , yes , i still remember this technique from my days in my old country , it was catastrophic for my family and friends .
if we can prevail through it we will then face all the might of operation epidemic eradication , and that is where your previous unhappy experience will be replicated in this country .
this is most certainly going to be a contentious subject for the whole country in the near future .
the country across the pond which fuelled this change has by far the most cunning legal profession to harvest the spoils .
he cited examples of members of the armed forces , who had lost limbs defending their country , being offered a pittance for their loss , compared with an office worker being awarded a fortune because alleged sex discrimination had ruined their life .
the seminar was to promote trust and a situation in which no one should feel alone in their struggle to help govern the locality and the country .
we would support anything ir does in this direction , its important for the country , not just redwood paddock .
* * * there were rumblings around the country of similar local groups gathering , which would hasten the pms deadline on a decision .
redwood paddock was proud that one of their own was being perceived as a force for good in all constituencies , a bit like a local young footballer representing his country .
they live all over the country , and you are correct , we do nt need political colours to get the best we can for them , dedication and a fair following wind will suffice .
there was also the comment that continuing blind adherence to psychologists hallowed doctrine of teaching immigrants in in several dialects of esperanto was bankrupting the country , never mind the education budget .
he left the country and was on the missing persons list for many years .
could you locate the country of tuvalu on a map of the world in less than ten seconds ?
she expected to move away to another country , to marry robert , an english musician , and tour continental europe , living from hotel room to hotel room .
lily , having travelled extensively in her twenties but never to colombia , was enthralled by sandras descriptions of a country at the nape of a continent between two tropical oceans .
bob never wanted to travel anywhere , margaret said as if he was the one keeping her back from living like a bohemian in a country with a billion inhabitants .
friends assumed that his parents must have lived in another province or country .
before this country became one giant parking lot for starbucks , we had diners , roadside grills , greasy spoons , holes in the wall , mom and pop stands , donut shops , burger joints , and other examples of american gastronomic superiority .
coffee - metrics i notice that it 's now the 21st century and our beloved country is still blatantly non - metric .
don williams begins his lonesome day with coffee black , cigarette in his country hit some broken hearts never mend .
so is this your first time out of the country , this attendant asks , and i tell her no , i 'd been overseas before , in another life , as a fighter pilot .
the other would not show up in any more wallet - sized pictures , nor would he ever agree to pass the plate in church again , this other son would fail to keep his promises to god and country , finding himself mired in piss and jack and shattered glass bottles .
he single - handedly downsized a country of 5 million redundant farmers into a more manageable 3 million terrified refugees .
` ` now they 'll be all over the country .
` ` country peace and quiet , clean air , green growing things , no traffic . ''
` ` cat country ? ''
george the magnificent is king of our five acres so it 's his country .
# # # about lea tassie i grew up in northern bc farming country , where men are men and women drive tractors .
` ` a proper country needs villains .
it 's just as i ' ve always said ; start letting them into the country , and they 'll steal all the females and make you have different customs and beliefs . ''
i have traveled a long and weary journey across the country to be the governess to two sweet and talented children whom i have never met .
nick saw an escape route off topic , look , it does nt matter , i ca nt leave the country .
and everyone in the country knows my stupid name ?
nick got a light sentence , we ve had no more threats on our lives and you re back in the country !
she said rising to her feet with her fists clenched , we create awareness and start a fresh campaign bring this to the attention of the whole country , not just the lame locals who bent over and allowed this to happen !
thousands and thousands around the country are now waiting , all hoping to buy the eternal drug so they can bring their family and friends back to life .
those stores are everywhere in the country and in mexico .
to : his most high and mighty prince , or princess , the publisher 's assistant , by the grace of god , king or queen of great britain , france , ireland , and all other such countries , defender of the faith , & c. the authors of this document wish grace , mercy , and peace , through the wonderful name of our lord , the publisher , the most dread of all sovereigns .
somehow , as though on planned schedule , they all moved out young and dispersed across the country , quickly , sara had thought , too quickly for a ` ` typical '' black family .
i searched for assistance among the people of my country in this endeavor .
the corporation that was ed 's new boss would suffer terribly in the event that this country should happen to run out of loggable timber , but it would not do so for many years .
her sister had , with latest lifestyle accessory ( or ` ` boyfriend '' ) , visited shortly after the move , a holiday in the country being fair exchange for redecoration .
fiercely italian , his sworn goal was to rid his country of foreign ` ` barbarians '' and war with the french was to become a personal trial of strength with king louis xii whom julius described as a ` ` cock who wants all the hens to himself '' .
james stuart , 1623 - 1701 , king of england and ireland and , as james vii , of scotland ( 1685 - 88 ) ; son of charles i. pro - catholic sympathies and a desire to encourage tolerance of non - conformist groups such as the quakers and dissenters led to a protestant coalition of whigs and tories inviting the dutch william duke of orange to invade their country and depose their king .
tamura depicts the pacification of the country and the driving out of evil spirits whilst in kumasaka the boy - warrior ushiwaka fights a band of fourteen giant robbers in the dark .
` ` professor jimp herself is out of the country , '' read the report , ` ` leading an expedition to recover jabberwock cave paintings from the junagadh region of india . ''
the people of this country need protecting from such fanatics . ''
` ` it is n't their country , after all .
` ` i wonder you can talk of traitors so comfortably , '' said veda , ` ` given that your own father betrayed his country and sold his people into slavery . ''
` ` my father was a patriot , '' the dutchman replied , ` ` for a patriot , my dear , sometimes needs to defend his country against its government .
the anglican church and the english lords would clearly rather sell their country to foreigners , dutchmen and germans , than tolerate tolerance . ''
mr december was st justinian ( jestyn or iestyn ) born 6th century brittany , a well - educated noble who left his country to become a travelling evangelist .
is ) jarkman n. a swindling beggar about the author david has lived and worked in a number of different countries as , among other things , a camel driver , a tennis coach , a travel photographer , a motivational speaker , a magazine editor , an opera singer , a pantomime dame , a ghost buster and a cat - sitter .
it seems so strange how someone you love can be here sitting right next to you in the morning and then clear across the country by night time .
` ` just look who run the country , '' elvis said to his long suffering et buddy , pancho .
` ` as an example , '' elvis continued , ` ` just look at who 's running the country . ''
a noise altogether too much like a dentist 's drill that made elvis think of his dentist back in slippery sister country , fred ' no novocain ' butler .
` ` and , now , the terrorists who want to sneak into our country and blow up denver international airport when it is n't already closed by crummy weather and possibly try to flood the bay area rapid transportation system during rush hour .
a country that was bursting at the national seams with gorgeous scenery , but which fenwick forever after would only remember as a place with more biting inspects for square foot than anyplace else on planet earth and maybe beyond .
by now fenwick was pretty sure he 'd heard a similar accent to mr . revanche 's in an old dracula movie and that this guy must be from dracula country .
i was going to name her laura michelle or michelle laura after the last two president 's wives in this great country of yours . ''
jeanette , who knew that kwame was a reservist in the u.s . army , vowed at that moment to pull strings in headquarters and get kwame called to active duty where he would hopefully be parachuted into taliban controlled country in afghanistan with a sign in both pashto and dari attached to the back of his uniform which translated into the english as ` ` all taliban are goat fuckers ! ''
and belonging to a person who was doing for his country exactly what you were doing for yours ?
what a country ! ''
first , that this guy could buy absolutely anything he wanted and would have zero need to try to sneak something into the country .
` ` this is a free country .
he has unsuccessfully searched for life from outer space in classrooms in the following countries : spain , china , russia , thailand , hong kong , beirut , dubai , sri lanka , lebanon france and vietnam .
in the future , he hopes to continue his search for alien life forms in different countries , and he would be obliged if any aliens reading this could spirit him off to an altogether more exotic planet in a more harmonious dimension .
the house , the country and the free world awaits his emergency address , and how does he prepare ?
you can find pizza , pasta and hamburgers ; you can drink in bars with other backpackers and be served by inhabitants of the country you are visiting .
western sichuan is one of the most fertile areas of china -- most of the land in the country being barren and suitable only for light grazing , at best .
lebanon , as i ve mentioned before , is small , but one only really appreciates just how small when one cuts through a plateau and can see both sides of the country through the windows .
he has unsuccessfully searched for life from outer space in classrooms in the following countries : spain , china , russia , thailand , beirut , dubai , sri lanka , lebanon , france and vietnam .
the waitress told us that it was the official dish of jamaica , or some caribbean country .
the only way to stay out of prison would be to move to another country -- or to join the ruling class .
soldiers suffer to protect their loved ones and country .
they often like to combine the first two -- do it for god and country ! -- ignoring the inherent contradiction .
the only other time i left the country was on my honeymoon to fiji on a package tour , where mary and i stayed in a resort and tried to avoid being seated at the same table as the loud americans .
' the only thing that worries me is that we did n't leave the country on the same passport .
i would drive my car across the country , all the way to perth and set up a new life as a bar owner or something equally stupid .
he was a lecturer at the finchwood academy for creative arts and dramatics education , one of the least respected institutions not only in the sydney metropolitan area , but also the entire country .
you got the fancy cars , great food , the world - class pussy , the incredible houses in ten different countries , an amount of money in the bank that even you ca n't spend .
if the rest of the country would just move here , i could save a fortune on marketing costs .
my country , when poorly drawn , looks like this : i lived at point a , and the destination was point b .
the area is called this because it borders on an ocean that was known as the pacific in those days , and is the northwestern part of the country .
right now , he was roughly one hundred miles from the coast of the pacific ocean , in a state that was known as oregon , which was the ninth largest out of the fifty that currently made up the country .
in the country known as the united states of america , there is a very popular sport known as football which i am quite fond of , and of which the most significant league is known as the national football league , or nfl .
they ve had more prom queens turn porn star than any other school in the country .
were a country of misfits .
he thought a country this dirty needed someone who could clean things .
there was an ellis island tradition of changing peoples names for convenience when immigrants were processed into the country .
i might be the last normal man in the country .
in both countries , too many movies are made .
it tells you where to eat and drink as you follow your football team about the country .
and now , she had just picked up a couple of things for her daughter before heading back to the country .
there was no one that martina had ever met even people who could nt spell and people who thought that africa was a country and even people who smashed their own furniture when their sports team lost who did nt think that martina was the dumbest sack of shit they had ever met .
these were nt countries but creatures to my young eyes : monster puzzle pieces .
i had finally returned to my own country , the beast that belonged to me .
i think there must have been an awful lot of people everywhere in this country who made an awful lot of money these last few years because it now seems that everything is getting so fixed up and so nice .
its critical that the generalissimo gets back to his impoverished country in order to suppress the latest peasant uprising .
he had this exaggerated arrogance that i ve observed before in certain men from third world countries where apparently i would be forbidden by law to address them or look at any part of their persons besides their feet .
they probably see me as someone whom in their own countries they would feed slowly to their pet crocodiles for amusement .
i wonder sometimes what it would be like to be a man in one of those countries where its still considered shocking and provocative for a woman to show her hair or mouth or legs , where a mans control of the women in his life is complete , taken care of by societal norm .
i do nt think it would be much fun to live in a country where village justice deems the rape of a woman necessary to assuage family honor .
in some countries they re shows that run daily , standing room ( men ) only .
i think the papadopoulos have mob connections back in the old country .
but mud would nt stick to her because she was goodness personified and when trouble struck your family in our country , black or white , you wanted edna - ellen to hold your hand .
200 + mulla nasrudin stories and jokes rodney ohebsion published by rodney ohebsion at smashwords copyright 2011 rodney ohebsion http : //www.rodneyohebsion.com introduction mulla / hodja / hoca nasrudin is the starring character in a vast number of amusing tales told in regions all over the world , particularly in countries in or near the middle east .
he s been out of the country for a long time , ray said , hoping this would satisfy her .
are you from a foreign country ?
she s from some foreign country , a contessa or something like that .
i am countess slatvana of moldavia , and there is much starving in my country , she replied with the thick russian accent .
barbarians , nothing but barbarians in this country , shouted the countess .
that only infuriated me further and did not stop me having a go at the man in charge as i rant on its like living in some old communist country with half stacked shelves and very little by way of consumer choice around here .
in addition , i can not for the life of me read the text because it is , written in some foreign language that is probably russian or some other eastern bloc country .
either way it is going straight in the bin since i am more than happy to live in a multicultural , melting pot of a mixed coloured country as long as everyone who can pay their way does and does not take the piss .
the next day , i decided to walk instead of taking the car when i d volunteered to pick up my future godchild from nursery because it was such a lovely day and believe me , in this country they are few and far between so you d better make the most of the sun shining when you can .
i m the girl that did nt know my dad was alive and kicking because my mother moved us to the other side of the country and away from him so that he never got the chance to see me grow up and succeed in life .
believe me , when you live in the wettest part of the country then an umbrella is so important that you never leave home without it .
another secret was then revealed by carrie when she let slip that her mother ( the new majority shareholder of the place in which i work ) is in fact out of the country having plastic surgery .
i have travelled through so many countries in my life and yet canada was never one of them , is nt that funny ?
vodka was extremely familiar , but champagne in my world rarely went beyond the five - dollar variety , bottled in an obscure country i had never heard of .
wendy ward got some air play around the country , on the late night fm stations , a minor flickering fame which only whet buddys appetite for more , for larger radio audiences , larger followings , more groupies , better food backstage .
the town was lewiston , new york , a carbuncle on the gritty side of gritty niagara falls , new york , the former honeymoon capital of the united states , a country which , like niagara falls in microcosm , had lately fallen into disrepair .
i was aghast , the whole country was aghast , i mean , those who cared .
they come from all over the world , from a hundred countries .
mad ted is a foreigner , and not just of another state or country , but of another planet bearing otherworldly knowledge !
as years went on , she came to believe that the group most aggrieved by the church , and most sympathetic to prospective jurors , was aged religious who live in poverty almost everywhere in our country .
all over the country , and probably the world , there are old , sick and disabled religious who deserve care , because they gave it to others their entire lives with the expectation that the church would care for us when we are no longer able to serve .
the notes accompanying the checks offered support and best wishes from catholics all over the country who said they felt that the way the church was treating its retired religious bordered on the criminal .
monetary donations came in from all around the country , which mercy turned over to christina for what christina called the war chest .
courts all around the country ruled against the church and ordered the various religious orders to produce their financial records .
they had originally sued the diocese of columbus alone with the idea of certifying a class of residents of ohio who were similarly situated , but they discovered that there were other nuns , priests and lay brothers all over the country who they could show were in the same straits .
there were demonstrations outside catholic churches and several hate crimes against catholic clergy were reported around the country .
the country was not in the mood to be sympathetic toward catholics , not even poor , old , sick nuns and priests .
after we filed the lawsuit , christina told us about all the other nuns , priests and lay brothers around the country who are as poor or poorer than we were .
maggie said , i ' ve read that church attendance is higher in america than any other country in the world , and we give more money to our churches than any other country .
i have spoken to other bishops and archbishops around the country and we have been in contact with rome .
personally , i think that in our country no church or religious institution should be tax exempt .
socialnode finally knit together her last contact , her excessive desire to be miss human resources finally started sapping her energy and she took off for a sauna to bake in 110 degrees , as tourists from her country and mostly korean families sweated into sauna - provided clothes .
fascinated in korean language , music , and culture since an early age , miki belonged to a distinct minority of japanese who actually liked the neighboring country .
to understand that , read that ; to become more involved , contemplate the arcing perfection of three hundred fifty mile trains running across an entire country without a history of a single fatality .
its hard being a girl , growing up in this country .
finding games in certain countries would have been a near - impossibility ; in others , it was merely a matter of finding the closest sports bar .
he claimed that he went out on weekends that were quite productive , as eri had not quite committed to anything , but eventually they did , as the new fiscal year began and workplaces sprang into action all over the country .
with an estimated 600 hours required for japanese speakers to learn korean but an estimated 2000 for english speakers , the neighboring country citizens completed a full tenth of language acquisition during the three weeks whereas the various germanics did only about a thirtieth .
3rd germany fell in the year 2000the conventional wisdom was that germany was the stronger country compared to imperial japan , but in this world , heavy tanks and rocket planes were less important than the broad multiculturalism of the greater east asia co - prosperity sphere ; heavy tanks were never used in an atomic world .
flag of our world , represented a country that was a bit more racist and sterile - thinking than our familiar community , but was still a significant divergence back to our world from the regime that preceded it ( and the revolution was bloody ) .
coming from nearly identical prefecture universities to top off their language in country , they would then be deployed to regional offices throughout the peninsula and look forward to careers of twenty years or more before rotation back to the home islands or further deployment to even more exotic locales .
the remaining section formally acceded to south korea and the resulting unified country korpan deployed nuclear weapons ( as eri had always wanted ) and blasted k - pop across the border to starving north korea .
what s good for benny is what s good for me , and what s good for me ca nt possibly hurt the country .
you ca nt toss a guy out of the country because he gets a girl pregnant .
and then he tried some american muscle , but that backfired because if there s anything these government people hate , its being told how to run their own country .
the old fridge would no doubt have continued to suffice if only there had been anyone alive in the country who knew how to fix it and obtain parts .
the fact that i am not a warrior probably means nothing , as men no better trained to arms than i am have already been bearing shield and spear all this summer , watching the sussex coast for their king and country .
but the years went by and retributions had had to fall on first this stubborn country or province , or some other hot - spot of discontent .
i ca nt find common ground with him anymore , and it was hard enough before that adversity took him to an undiscovered country , as it were .
after the course was over i remained in tbilisi to watch the unfolding of the rebellion against the strong - armed rule of georgias president , zviad gamsakhurdia , who would eventually be obliged to flee the country .
my sympathies were with the rebels , among whom i counted many friends , but i did not actively take sides : after all , even though i was the son of the very first president of pre - soviet georgia , noe jordania ( 1918 - 1921 ) , i was a foreigner in my ancestors country , born in france , living in east hampton , barely able to speak the georgian language .
taking advantage of the lull and anxious to help me fulfill my wish to visit as much of the country as i could , david invited me to come hunting with him and some friends in the mountains of daghestan .
they were the georgian communists , those makharadze , orjonikidze , stalin , who seven long decades ago had helped organize the red army invasion , the conquest of their own country by the russian soviet forces .
but if i do go , ill lose my home , my village , my country , my reason for being ... she thus stayed on , and lived six more years until 1927 without being harassed in any way ; it was only after her death that the bolsheviks destroyed both house and gravesite .
however his sympathies were very clear : he hated the nazis , and second to them he hated the soviet union , the first because of his deep felt convictions , the second because , contrary to a lot of people who were still hoodwinked by the soviet propaganda , he knew full well the horrors of the stalinist gulag : his parents had been obliged to flee georgia when the red army invaded that small country in 1921 .
one note of differentiation , yet fairly common in a country where any group , whether political , ethnic or religious , is a minority relative to the assembled group of all the others : she belonged to a tiny protestant sect , the evangelical lutherans , the history of which she liked to recount .
yes , this country of the pennsylvania dutch is full of evocative names .
thus it is that strolling on amagansett beach alongside the liquid frontier separating europe from america , an essential truth was revealed to me that remains unknown to the entire world : there is no such country as the united states !
although my eyes have been opened to the point where i know , intellectually and logically , that this nation has no other existence than that we concur into bestowing upon it , on the other hand , physically , emotionally , and as a conscientious consumer , i can not prevent myself from being caught in the trap and believe that i truly live in this imaginary country , fruit of a monstrous conspiracy , an astonishing commercial and advertising enterprise which is stamped with the sign made in usa .
it is however true that few new yorkers feel the need to cross the hudson and go to a country they vaguely mistrust in an manner maybe unreasonable , but nevertheless very real ; which indeed shows once again that it is not feasible to completely fool everybody all the time .
this epiphany led me to this other philosopher , this juggler of paradoxes , this pataphysist without par : yes , its him , it is borgs , jorge - luis , the man who recounted for us the true legend of those cartographers of a fabulous country who attempted to fabricate a full - sized map , but had to give up after centuries of efforts because , as soon as they would partially reach their aim , the result of their work disappeared within the territory with which it would become one .
little by little tln acquires substance , shows its own characteristics , and finally is revealed as a real country .
in real life , the earth is in the process of transforming itself into the imaginary image of the imaginary country that is known as the united states of america .
could it be the same for other nations , other countries , other continents which were once fabulous and became real for us only because we believe in them , because the illusionary process dates from too long ago ?
he talked about socialism and the importance of representing his country in the world , all this through hard work .
he surpasses everyone in the selections of all the best players of the 15 countries of the soviet union .
sarkis perhaps has never ever won a singles match in international terms , because in his country , the modern rubbers were not used .
the television with live broadcast always screen the table - tennis played both in the country or abroad .
jiang jialiang is thoughtfull maybe jiang , in his mind thinks of going back to his country .
he will receive honour and credit from all the sports in his country .
the other three titles ( 39 , 48 , 50 ) were conquered as english , having abandoned his origin country because of the tragic events which passed through europe that lead to the second world war .
how we love to see the country from the train !
he understood it as fact , and yet the agony of the charge was necessary , for it was the wave that would carry him past the physical barrier and beyond , propel him far into the country of the tall , a land that was encircled by an ever more wrathful sea .
more bad news about the country and its situation with war .
does nt it mean anything to you that your ancestors came from england to start a new country ?
could you explain again how the jews are behind blacks and other niggers coming into the country ?
the country is being overrun by spicks , asians , black , brown and yellow people , many of them not even christian .
do you meet many , or even any , white people , white anglo - saxon people , who like this , who like it that their country is being stolen from them ?
its a free country .
at the end that carter guy and rett murray and darren french would have about ten thousand people left in the country .
i m just a man trying to make our country better .
if you ask me , we should invade them a - rab countries and take their oil .
i m going off to war to help my country , do nt you believe in that ?
vii auntie ada , as she was know to just about everyone in the county , was 100 years old the year of the nations bicentennial , just exactly half the age of the united states of america , so of course newspaper reporters came from all over the state and many parts of the country and just about interviewed her to death .
he had wandered all over this country and was older than the young soldiers rose of sharon was used to , but different as well , from the older married man who had so cruelly deceived her .
one spurned suitor who had followed her for some time found her and found out that she was married and in a rage threatened to come back when her husband returned from the war and tell the poor man what his wife had been up to while he risked his life for his country and cursed her to an eternity in hell for what she had done to two upstanding soldiers .
you think it is exciting because all us old soldiers come in and talk about our own best moments , when we were brave and saved ourselves and our friends and our country .
he preached too and gathered a few desperate followers , who supported him with their gifts of cash , or food , or a place to sleep for the night as he traveled around and around the country , always coming back to the county of his birth , his miraculous birth , to hear his family tell it .
hardly anyone could , all of them playing for the most part by ear and teaching each other the melodies of the folk music of their countries , or made something up .
he promised them all , as if they d been dreaming of it all their lives , that they were going to move out to denver when the war was over , that he d make some friends out there and had a job already lined up selling luggage around the country .
pre patou had been convinced immediately that someone in the village had betrayed his country by informing , although at the time he had had no idea who it might have been .
also seemingly in conflict to me was the ministers eulogy , praising our deceased brother for his willingness to fight and if called upon to die for his country , and his celebration of his virtues as a devout christian , a man known for his kindness and gentle waysthe devoted husband of his helpmeet , and the devout father of two daughters he d raised in the faith .
maybe even chinese , now that nixon opened the country up .
as i ve destroyed every other copy i ve managed to lay my hands on in bookstores and bookstalls i ve come across as i travel around the country .
by world war ii provisions had been made so that these men could serve their country in another way .
in a few months i will have to register for the draft because this country is at war , having invaded vietnam to fight a so - called communist take - over .
this united states is the best country in the world .
i want this country to keep its democracy , but i do nt think the communists in vietnam are after us .
somewhere out there were the mountains he looked upon and described before the country swallowed him whole with a silence which turned mary towards the little town , the keeper of the present , mary the one who cherished , remembered , scrimped , kept , and saved .
it was strange how he had lived in that country and never fished the river .
when lionel proudly stated his name , lionelovich theodor kullizczwoksi ( pronounced kullizczwoksi ) , the agent rolled his eyes and asked him what country he was from .
the average score across the country was an 18 .
seriously , think about it , if jesus lives as just some rambling crackpot and dies as some crazy old coot rambling about god being his dad , who knows where our country would be today .
uh do you call your country , cunt ?
what kind of country did he live in that it was ok to vote and join the armed services at 18 , drink at 21 , and not be congressionally guaranteed to lose one = s virginity .
was it right for rich americans to come into a poor country and take and raise a child who otherwise would live in poverty ?
later the man was caught but he never was tried for the murder of the gringa because he killed himself in a strange way that was reported in newspapers all over the country .
he also told the crowd that the cimarron fourth of july rodeo was the longest running rodeo in the country , having been held every year without fail since 1923 , and some of the wives and girlfriends rolled their eyes and said yes indeed they believed it was the longest running rodeo in the country starting at 10:30 in the morning and usually not ending until 6:00 at night and hoping it would nt get too hot this year or rain and hail like last year .
he also told the crowd that the cimarron fourth of july rodeo was the longest running rodeo in the country , having been held every year without fail since 1923 , and some of the wives and girlfriends rolled their eyes and said yes indeed they believed it was the longest running rodeo in the country starting at 10:30 in the morning and usually not ending until 6:00 at night and hoping it would nt get too hot this year or rain and hail like last year .
living in a foreign country would be kind of fun i think .
bill when younger had gone all over the country with his old man , but the life was too tiring for his taste , and he became a builder .
i came to the conclusion that i belonged in the country among my own people .
how the country that produced henry david thoreau is now filled with frightened conformists who believe everything the government says .
the businesspeople in this town and this country have their views in the media all the time .
well , think of the iraqi war , which is supported by half the people in this country .
it was a world - class university with a majority of its academic departments ranked in the top ten in the country .
its campus on the shores of lake mendota was the most beautiful in the country , and the architecture of its building was likewise world - class .
when he explained that himmel was both the word for sky and heaven and that while english country was latinate , fatherland , homeland and the like showed the same connotation as in the related german word , the look on charlies face told him he was becoming too professorial .
the french people loved him to distraction , at least while they were on the way up and conquering countries .
the government is for the rich people of this country and the world .
as it was back then in the sixties , the whole country seemed to be on the move , young people hitch - hiking or driving vans or buses converted into homes on wheels .
turns out people had come to the free university of life skills from all over the country and there were a lot of suggestions from key west , florida to taos , new mexico .
noah thought that was pretty depressing until he saw his first funeral parade and then he figured that people in new orleans thought differently about death than they did in other parts of the country .
he also talked about the young woman who sat up top the waterfall on the rocks smoking her cigarette ( you can take the girl out of the country but you ca nt take the country out of the girl ) .
he also talked about the young woman who sat up top the waterfall on the rocks smoking her cigarette ( you can take the girl out of the country but you ca nt take the country out of the girl ) .
and then the air and the rock and the waves began to thrill in me , and behind me the country held its high tense note and i thought : this decision will be my full stop .
and i remember another night in another country with linda alive and warm at my side , walking down the bleak road that skirts the prison , well - lit and windscoured and treeless .
the poorest , least educated , most down - trodden , discriminated race in the country ; the suppliers of the philosophy that penetrates society .
there s a lot of improvising in the country these days .
all i can tell you is they re proud you became a senator , but disappointed you have nt been more vocal as an advocate for country interests .
country folk always think that what s good for the country is good for the nation .
jews are nt allowed in any golf club in this country .
fancy ratting on other people when they re off defending the country and ca nt defend themselves .
i think what really finished it for her was knowing bert had been doing his bit for his country while walt was making hayand bloody whoopee , too , most likely !
other areas of the country had fared worse .
when walter was in his twenties , the country went to war .
i ve been looking at our breeding program and it struck me there s no reason we ca nt become the top producer of quality wool in the country .
then he tells her he has heard talk of a network of resistance throughout france and neighbouring countries .
her english is good , and that is the language of the country they are approaching .
maybe here , as in her own country , students are known to defy dress conventions .
the song took us all back to another place , where this type of thing took place all over the country , as a matter of course .
he was still going on about sebastian falke , still searching the country , the globe for even a word of his films .
to me miho will always be that statuesque beauty from somewhere i ca n't pronounce in a country i ' ve never seen but for video .
my voice kind of falling out of me and then she hugged me and she smelt like the snow from a mountain in a country i never have heard of .
it 's a lost part of his life but he popped up occasionally across the country to start a fight , show one of his old films , or ruin a marriage .
waiting for their order to arrive , billy quietly continued his spiel , with the economy in the toilet , theft is really on the rise across the country for almost anythin ... of little value or of great value .
no pawnshop in the country would dare touch it .
he thought of another of grandpas oft used quotations , the one he always attributed from the man without a country : breathes there a man with soul so dead who never to himself hath said , this is my own , my native land ?
that s how our family got to ukraine , to the country of blooming chestnuts , where we settled down in a rose - scented miners land .
in france it is metapsychics , in countries of eastern europe psychotronics , in the u.s . parapsychology , in china investigations into extraordinary functions of the human body , and so on .
its an interesting thought , said nikolai andreevich , and remaining silent for a while , added , i wonder , when stalin came to power in our country , did he stop research into these phenomena ?
the country was in a general chaos of various idolatry and because of its leaders there often rose enmity between arabian tribes .
so when jesus regained consciousness , pontius pilate talked to him and begged jesus to leave the country because the persecutions of the priests in power could begin again .
just look at what is going on in our country materialism has been cultivated for more than seventy years .
for the realization of this project , which played a crucial role in subsequent succession of events throughout the slavic countries , the main character of the book sensei of shambala is set in motion .
these stories were first published together in 2006 , in firstwriter.magazine issue 8 : turning leaves , where they continue to be accessible via http : //www.firstwriter.com / magazine/ if you would like to enter a story in this year 's competition , please go to http : //www.firstwriter.com / competitions / short_story_contest/ table of contents cradle song for isobel by alexandra fox gray 's anatomy by john ravenscroft the teenager by bridget livermore one small step by toby allen the death of james chambers by tom campbell partly living by gervase o'donohoe as the lean tree burst into grief by susan johnson boogie by heather casey post christmas blues by brian gray another country by susan watts album : a story in photographs by jane greenwood cradle song for isobel by alexandra fox united kingdom i will not think of isobel .
france is no country to die in .
to all intents and purposes , we are in a communist country , said mark .
table of contents another country by susan watts united kingdom i was six years old when my grandmother died .
i began to see that there was a country where adults existed for which i had no bearings , no maps and no language .
even now that i have myself passed the age at which she died and even though i have grown into that other country and should understand , i am as baffled as i was then and still so sad .
the children and minnie this is one of those sharply - contrasted images that tell you something about the light in that part of the country .
they ll grill us with questions , and make it into this big deal just to drive through their country .
i ve been here before , but only once , two years ago when i was hitchhiking across the country .
its a great way to see the country .
i look out at the two different countries that make up this beautiful , serene landscape , and i m struck for some reason that the two sides look exactly the same .
two different countries , but water just flows into water , and one island looks exactly the same as the other .
but at the same time , i know there is a difference between my home country and america .
its just easier to do the immigration process if you re already in the country , instead of trying to get in .
you bringing anything into the country you re going to be leaving ?
this is the center of the country .
i do nt know anyone who moves halfway across the country twice in one year .
it could have happened to any of us , anywhere in the country .
cnn reports that the citizens are doing a great job , spending madly and keeping the country strong .
somehow , i ve gone from living with a bunch of people in an old farmhouse on salt spring island and traveling around the country to being a full - time straight - a student in duluth , minnesota .
so , as the country buzzes on around me , obsessed with terrorism and war and the economy , i invest everything i have in my personal path .
i know this country has a lot to offer .
there are four million babies born in this country every year , so each individual case might not seem very special , i suppose .
besides , i ve worked hard in this country , and continue to work hard , and i feel like its not really my fault that medical insurance is nt offered in some other way .
without your efforts , many worthwhile , important , and essential things in this country would nt happen .
she has been happy , i realize , despite not having what many other children in this country have .
we live in one of the most serene places in the country , and we experience natures beauty on a daily basis .
steven looked at mat , who as if on cue answered , we wanted to see the country .
here he was in a lavish penthouse in chicago , tearing apart the very country he grew up in .
he died at a faster rate than somebody in the less polluted country of andorra .
he remembered most people are happy with chains of stores across the country , the same clothing store , grocery stores , and gas stations .
it must be him with the problem , if the rest of his country did n't mind it .
its a big country , he said .
i will heal him , he who adored me when i was a child , whom i lost in a strange country , where we became strangers to each other , until now .
its unbelievable to me that a man who gasses thousands of his own people , invades a neighboring country , or , more aptly in this instance , country club , and who lobs missiles at a neutral country can sell himself , successfully , as a saint .
bits and pieces of people had been left throughout the country , so , to go on about their business , the wounded took up other bits and pieces of the materiel of war and fashioned arms and legs and lives .
within days of landing in viet nam he had begun to wonder why the whole country did not just explode in a huge tantrum of frustration and anger .
he had thought each mortar shell , each bursting flare , each whistling missile and unseen passing plane , each jeep bouncing its white hot beams of accusation along a sleeping village road must be the final , critical erg that would cause the whole country to explode in indignation at the discounting and disruption of its lives .
and then fear a much different fear than worrying about a crack head jumpin on this shortie or being stuck on the t if the granddaughter of a gook , the mongrel progeny from a gene pool that lived in tunnels becuz such surprises could fall from a cloudless sky , could be so afraid , whadabout my allamerikan classmatesand i think i would have been pretty shellshocked to c that big 5sided dc hive develop a hole - i think i would have wandered off andwhat maybe toward the mall and probably seen a lotta cops and soldiers and helicopters and probably not 2 welcome there and so back to g - town and a lotta caffeine at a * bucks and then into rock creekwhen the going gets tuff the notsotuff get under coverbut since i came here and not g - town and cambridge did not feel like the place 2 b 2day , i bunked classes and rode downtownwhich was really worsemore people agitated or numb and again every1 with a fone or trying to see a tvy ca nt merikans just xperience something instead of always analyzing and getting feedbackfinally wandered over to chinatown and there it changedno foneshandcartspeople hurtlingw / so much of chinatown really vnamese this is old hat for themi drank coffee and condensed milk that no1 tried to make in2 a some kind of caffeine religion and felt an anger bloom in me like a cereushow could all those people who have been skitterin around me let those people in the 5 - hive rain down more hell on a little scrap of land so far away than all of the bombs dropped in wwiithats what i m feelin right nowright nowi never felt that b4the arrogance of the presumption that their ideas were so good and so right that they get to bomb people who wanted to live another waya lot of people around me 2day were horrified that some1 might disagree enough w / their beliefs that they would kill them w / out warningsomethin woke in mesomethin wound from dna and maybe collective conscious ( oooh , thank you , big crimson ) that made me hate what had been done to that skinny little country so longnow , what i keep thinkin about is how the end of the line rarely ismy family must have gone through days like 2day over and over from the early 50s to 75longer than i ve been aliveand they cooked rice , washed clothes , had sex and said prayers amid the bombsin my 1 score and 7 wisdom i think its only people who never have bad shit happen to them that think bad shit is a big dealthe rest of the world goes hohum , hoses down the blood , sweeps up the bones , and hangs out the laundrysee ya , dd chapter six cast and chrysalis later , as the filtered whispers of his rescuers surround him , as the speed of the ambulance jolts him , and as the hospitals runway of florescent lights speeds over him , frank rasling fights those distractions with the reassurance that the story he was meant to write finally will be written .
phil could cart him and his household goods up here to gods country and marginal could set up housekeeping just outside franks room .
chapter thirteen international relations dd i googled around w / stuff i d pulled from mamasans little leather boxtook awhile but , eureka , i foundgranmamasans lover , mamasans begetter and the longtime figment of her imaginationbushidoman evry once in awhile i d think about tracking bushidobut whythat i never cud figurehe did nt look for us , why wud we look for himbut 2day somethin changedknow thine enemywho is it that came killing so long agowell , dd , bushidoman is a [ b ] realtor [ b ] how kool is thatafter 25 yrs in the army , b - man retires and decides to stay in the same biznessland ownership and land conveyanceeven kooler he lives down the rdin ri , by whatever h2o ri inhabitsand soooo kkkkooooooooollll is that he likes helpin 1st time home buyershe has a d - gree in his - story , maybe he likes it cuz he made some of his own in vnam and he likes readinga real [ b ] man of action [ b ] his web page duznt mention a wife and kid so i wonder how mamasan will feel about thatif i decide to share all this great news grampy alexprobably has a boxful of my cousins ears in his atticim goin to keep snoopin aroundnow that pandoras opened the box i ca nt help but b interested in how bushidoman fukt gramasan and fukt my country so long ago .
gnight , dd ddsorry to bother you , i know ure not supposed to talk to a dear diary more than 1 - ce a day but i could nt sleep & i ve been drinking , thinking & and making artsee : mamasans hatred for he who allowed me life and wished us death made her shoulders strong , her heart hard and her vision weakmamasan ( theoretically so delicately balancedlike a teacup in a dowagers palm between catholic mercy and confucian reverence for her ancestors ) , spewed hate like a harelip spittle { this image is why the big crimson gets the big $ $ } when mamasan stooped to pull the weeds that sought to steal the holy basils home , it was his hairwhen she poked a mound of steaming rice with a stick , it was his eyewhen she yelled at me or da - d , it was for himor so , later , she would say as she fleetingly touched my cheeks with hands no longer roughw / out memory of my own , w / out a picture 2 meditate on , w/ nothing more than a rawhide thong , stiff from age and sweat , holding a small silvery tag stamped with figures , my hate , so encouraged by mamasan , was hard to grow and harder to sustainmy grand paws ghost , reaching from the past , wispy , w / out wisdom , has whispered at me throughout my lifei would cock an earan ear so acute 2 so much around methe babble of different languages , all the dialects of my country , the crowded market of emotion which could overwhelm the immigrant and the teen and , especially , she who is nearly bothbut , w/ grand - paw , i would hear a rising and falling of syllables , emotionally toned , of which i could make no senseyet , mamasan , so insensitive to my teen - angsted chatter , would hear those whispers as challenges , declarations of war , promulgations of hegemonyshe would hear and make sense of those sounds beyond my ken and mutter back her own threats and imprecations my grand paw has a name , obliterated by some violent act of my mother or her mother , a blood type , a string of numbers forever attached to him by his warrior past , a religion no different from my own godlessness - sometimes i would hold his tag like an amulet and cipher his conduct under the moral mathematics of confuciusother times i would use holden caulfield , frodo baggins and bridget fieldsbut , however i do the math , i always end up in the same placemy grand paw , if his body lives as well as his acts , has issues.but what is harder to understand is y i m so incensed at what these amerikans did to vnamis it real or should i just chalk it up to teeniatricsgrand paw , whom i tended to think of as a string of numbers on a tag has always been so mystical , that it is hard to accept that that he is more than a ghostthat his flesh inhabits the earth , like the taint of rotted fish on a seashore dogand this notion excites meand on the ninth day , having spent the eighth day working out the details of velcro , duct tape and cold fusion , god created the world wide web and saw that it was goodand we , his adulatory minions , received his gift with joyous incredulity - but soon , some sought airfares and others the etiology of disease , the hagiography of actors and rock stars , recipes using monk fish and samp , spiritual consolation , bits and bytes of sexbut , me , a tiny spider , discontent in my small corner of the interconnectivity , look for grandpawfrom whom all bleatings flowgnight , again , dd chapter fourteen atoll tales mike krants has been leaning against his cane for so long that he is afraid his knees might not work when he decides its time to go .
the longer he sits the stronger his conviction grows that an unfathomable courage and intelligence would be necessary for a spy , any spy , to make his way in a foreign country .
that s why mom did nt want to go to foreign countries .
she once tried to convince barbara to build a house somewhere high in the mountains of a tropical country .
reading fiction is a refuge for useless people , a dream country for those who can not make things happen .
he took care of many things that were not meant to be the duty of a butler , such as household finances , the on - going maintenance of their homes and properties in different corners of the country , organizing their parties with important people , and numerous other tasks for which barbara and leon could trust nobody else .
there are a million and one of those around the country , no ?
indeed , having had the fortune to be raised in a western industrialized country ( which will otherwise remain unidentified ) , ms . pembleton had lived a life of relative ease and comfort ; and it would seem that she was being a bit selfish in focusing upon her suffering , to the exclusion of everything else .
i received a masters of social work , with honors , from the best university in the country !
kingsley ended up resigning , retrained as a teacher , then took the teaching post at arajinna to start a new life in the country .
members of the country womens association organized and co - ordinated the serving of food .
the aromas of the country are amazing .
but estoban came from a country where things are done differently .
the little island country could n't offer to pay much .
the tiny island nation has produced the highest per capita rate of nobel prize winners of any country in the world .
like most of his colleagues , he 'd had higher paying offers in china and the middle east , and a few from african countries .
five other women are helping with the preparations , all supporters , all volunteering their time and efforts because they have faith that the 37th amendment is going to improve the situation in the country , because they have faith that libertea philosophy holds out the best hope for continued enjoyment of their lives of relative privilege and comfort , because they have faith that marie mallon and nicholas b. wright are campaigning to maintain detached islands of safety and prosperity for themselves and their families .
the usa has the biggest percentage of its population in prison of any country on earth .
we have to work for the values we believe in , the values that made this country great . ''
she finds it hard to believe that a country like america , a country of legendary , almost mythical stature , could be deteriorating the way the stories say .
she finds it hard to believe that a country like america , a country of legendary , almost mythical stature , could be deteriorating the way the stories say .
in his thirty years of traveling the country for poultristics , he almost without exception had been highly regarded .
the idea that he would fly between the two cities at a cost per mile that gene knew was one of the highest in the country , while crying poor , was unconscionable .
watching the bellows of khloes chest rise and fall as he waited for her to wake from her nap , gene stood flummoxed as he considered just how many ways his life , the almssons lives , and the life of the country had gone to hell .
it might take a couple of days to flesh out or hone the details , but once the story was in place , he could tell it a dozen or two dozen times as he crisscrossed the country without worrying about repeating himself to anyone .
i had finished my bachelors in may , and after tying up loose ends and trucking across the country in june , my classes started the middle of july .
up here in washington they call them dwis ( driving while intoxicated ) instead of the rest of the country which i think refers to them as duis ( driving under [ the ] influence ) .
my father raised me to have respect for the heroes who died fighting for this country .
do you think the american government is stupid for trying to prevent the terrorists from attacking our country again ?
but i m not a foreign fighter for any country east or west .
after all , the country whose flag she proudly displayed every 4th of july outside her home , her country , had been founded for the express purpose of allowing everyone the freedom to pursue their lives any way they saw fit .
after all , the country whose flag she proudly displayed every 4th of july outside her home , her country , had been founded for the express purpose of allowing everyone the freedom to pursue their lives any way they saw fit .
he was nt going to be trucking around the country for a few more years .
using crutches would also help strengthen his body , something he desperately needed if he was going to eventually travel the country engaging in an art show for god .
they felt that particular area of the country just did nt have much to offer the world in terms of artistry , creativity , or progressive thinking , so they simply avoided it like the proverbial plague .
mass murder and mayhem , all brought to us by rogue elements within our own government who have sufficient access to black - budget funding to continue their operations of evil , thought steve , feeling righteous anger well up within him as he considered how ridiculous and pathetic it was that such a thing should be permitted to take place in a country that had traditionally served as a beacon of light and freedom to the world .
i love your father like bush loved this country , but if those gosh - darned eagles do nt show up soon ... i m hiring a plumber to fix the disposal !
i respected the creatures ; they were graceful , majestic and a neat symbol for our country .
he served his country in korea where he was credited with saving the lives of two of his comrades , before he returned home to work in construction .
for hannah the experience was like stepping into a foreign country ; a place that shed visited years ago but never warmed up to .
massawa biniam was described as an illegal migrant , because he had sought to enter the country for economic reasons .
in every city , in every country , there are hostels , hotels , guest houses , with cheap rates , basic accommodations , services for travellers .
the whole country was filled with buddhist monks who survived on what the population gave them every day .
they liked the pace of life , the people , the country , the craziness .
mark knopflers the only concert i ve gone to see in the past thirteen years , since we moved to the country .
it is based on his assumption that moving east in this country is not just acceptable but taken for granted as a smart thing to do .
we drive the melting yellow lines of highways 395 and 95 , some from as close as carson city , others like myself and thom storme from as far as this country will take us , 2,500 miles back to the eastern sea and coast .
a lot of them pioneers left the cities or the old countries to come out hereon foot , some of emand lived in dugouts in the ground , or in shacks made of stacked prairie sod .
its a good country to play tennis in , but its a dead culture , like italy or maybe norway .
a woman in the next row faces forward , says to some hidden camera : flight is the country i came from .
there are n't any old things in this country .
edward could not remember a time in his life when there had n't been a war , american men off in some meager little country , dying in their droves while he watched it on the television .
eventually , it got to be too much for him , he shut off the projector and went digging in the boxes in the closet , yanking out the stack of tattered letters which she 'd sent him , all those years ago when she 'd been traveling across the country .
this really is an incredible country , edward .
i ' m thinking of leaving the country .
and ... and you can leave the country just like you planned .
alice told me that he was leaving the country .
i accepted submissions from people who were from not only the united states , but canada , australia , germany , india , and so many other countries .
two years ago when the house was built , journalists and photographers had come from all over the country to study the architecture .
in their places would rise the first five star hotel in the country .
it was a perfect location for international events , to show foreign ambassadors what this country was made of .
the moral of the story , the abbot thought uneasily , the good man who leaves his family to serve his country loses everything , while the bad man , despite being brought to justice , ends up profiting from his perfidy .
this question made fidels face muscles contract , crumpling his lips , as he was suddenly bombarded with inaccurate images of his country , detonating familiar voices and aromas .
the accounts - clerks : savings - account pension and insurance and home - loan if any and always country clear profit - to government - taxes paid - in , or not by other ... paid - breaks taken - abroad suitcases full of cash , it may as well be .
> utilising - maximum ... < capital - profit : ... after tax : ... revenue - dividends : engineering and on top of that : economic infrastructure risk - cheated public - private sharing between ... > country to country place and people to people populations and actual - goods and buildings routes and ways : visionary : to establish perpetual - growth in - proportion to inheritance and wealth earned ... and taken disproportionately : < steel - girders and glass ...
across and from sea and land , awaiting at - dockside and harbour fishing - vessels , ships and supervised- controlled hyper - tanker and from the high - seas and ocean waiting - off shore sea - port passed the coastal and inland estuary river : < the - city : ... list : ... already built - up : outskirts , and back to , in lights : the rational - equitable tower building - up through river - way - lined embankment , canal and railway - track ... up , and along evermore and faster , building - checking maintaining- control by - braking ... gradually , spinning on a too - rapid action : onto the next ... above from satellite - dish solar - panelled beaming in below : > country and countries : list : ... in the - cloudthe lofty city - streets and buildings now transformed from bricks and mortar ... pie - chart < projected - costs ( blue ) and projected - earnings ( yellow ) : business - plan ( green ) : balance - sheet ( red / black ) : on screen like towers - building ... tumbling , and dropping , and re - built once more , only to fall ... > you are within the red - zonestraying into : < the blue - zone and you are out - in - the - openheardfuzzy found - footagein blocks and relief red and black with green thread 's and lines like the real hills beyond and blue , beyond the columns and row 's ... with a bright yellow sun in a bright blue sky , bright - clouds : > green - zone !
politics and religion , economics and technology , protecting civilians and providing food and furniture of lifeto make this , their country , safe .
you would think it would be : < to make our country great again ! < < make us great again ! < < our people ? !
> scientific : politics and religion , economics and technology : protecting civilians and providing the food and furniture of life < to make this , their country , safe !
to make our country great again ! > < our people ?
foreign countries : list ... ... yes ... cayman - club islands ireland ?
no shopping - trip out - at - work country this ... there are families , and individuals ... ' 7 - billion and rising ... ' then , only the church .
indeed ... in the - pay and health - boards , of countries , around the world ... big - pharma , doing - out little - pharma licensing , and selling - cheaply ... ' enough to be afforded ? '
as storm clouds gathered - low , across the intervening sweeping curve of big - sky , and likely distant ocean and continental land - mass : people working and earning - money and goods ... the - clerk returning to re - connected and simultaneously now re - interactive - gaming : ... > active - x portal - platform : ... < play : taskbar : encryption ... completed : ... > information - bar ... with interface cursor commandmodule loaded - message : < your - city : > country : principal - life - game : ... as another joined the game from somewhere in the world ... the - clerk speaking again quietly with voice - operator recognition ( vor ) engaged - earphones , and mouthpiece microphone headset sounded - into and from the mobile gaming - device clicked onto : < information : how to play ?
< the lowest scores : the poorest ... > the higher : the richest ... and by staying alive as long as possibleunder some extreme conditionsand for your family and loved oneslocal and distant friends , cousins , and cousins cousins and villages towns and cities of the world : address - booked requested : countries of the world come fromand - to ... < where you are now ?
< you are your own city , your own country ... > peripheral taxes ?
stolen to the capital - city areas gates and ceremonial - circus , squares and formerly - town and river - port ... from abroad ? drowned - out by the noise of crashing masonry , bricks and mortar : city - centres , across countries , and continents ... nations , and different states are responding differently .
the demonstrators ... secular - rebel army ... presidential armies ... special security - forces ... accused of some the most atrocities ... all ... involved , by degree ... it is as if they are invading , their own country !
now ... martyr hero for my family ... irreconcilable past ... life can be replaced ... not a cause , a country never ... forever !
' not until the great leader leaves the country ! '
i could tell that i was now in the deep south of confederate country and my northern yankee ass was not particularly welcome , though i m pretty sure my money was .
i have family all over the country who will gladly help me .
these people have never traveled more than a few miles from their birthplace and could care less what kind of government is running their country for the most part because it has little or no effect on their day to day lives .
a scruffy faced person who smelled like spilled bong water and beer anf spoke with an australian english accent stated , i believe that poverty in my country is basically reflective of what i ve seen in most westernized places like the united states and england .
the man i presumed to be romanian interrupted the australian proclaiming in a heavily accented british english , my country seemet much better off economically unter te former communist regime but i also suspect tat te same problems were tair beforehant ant were simply swept or hitten unter te carpet by the government to height te trut from te masses .
he was granted permission to attend the college , packed his few belongings and moved there with no intention of ever returning to his home country .
i am treated differently than most people in my country because i m ethically a ganda , which is an elite ugandan tribe .
the local story in turn caught the eye of pathe news , a new york newsreel company , which sent a cameraman to record flannery and her chicken in action , which is how cinema visitors all over the country , and some even in europe , got to marvel at her feat .
you should be born in a non english - speaking country .
he wrote : concerning wolves we ve been lost and running since these many moons ago where we are and how we came is not for me to know through the rage of heartless weather wrought by skies unkind we still race to keep the pace for what we hope our final run will find crossing the tundra fighting the snow trusting instinct where to go perilous mountains rise in our path urging the gods to vent their wrath loping through these ancient forests full moon on the rise casting shadow ' neath our flight that we may realize that for all the wooded darkness light may still betray what we are and what we seek and what this aged voice may never say fording the rivers besting their chill finding the air colder still thirsting for sunrise we rest on the run cursing the clouds that shield the sun we are hunters of an open country seen by our hearts and dreams and by the hunger chasing us restless eyes and distant skyline melt into night that seems kin to the season facing us on the wind our fathers whisper that the path is true but with cold and empty belly hard to keep in view still the deep and vibrant calling surges to the fore lick your wounds and quell your pain the trail is long you 'll run forever more racing your shadow 's speeding grace urging the pack to keep the pace leaping the chasms plunging the deep ceding your life the pace to keep winds are fading with the darkness dawn is near at hand chasms rise and mountains part to yield their hinterland blinded by the sudden stillness shivering i see no more wolf no more life no more always running left for me facing the shadow i hoist my pride i reach the well deep inside mythical water you slake my thirst i surge to light as shackles burst : flannery put the letter down and wondered how come he knew so well : i surge to light as shackles burst .
the surrounding country was still alive with end - of - the - day chores and early evening tune - ups : birds calling one another , hundreds of frogs and thousands of crickets weaving a carpet of sound , undulating now over water and grass , surrounding the congregation of monks and their teacher .
and stranger still : his uncle suddhodana had told him , and in no uncertain terms , that ananda was not to , under any circumstances , describe or even mention to siddhattha anything about life in the city or surrounding country , unlessand only ifit was to tell his son how beautiful the city and its land was , and how happy its people .
whatever mysterious dealings kept his parents in the southern part of the country while he remained up north eventually sorted themselves out and ananda was then not so much collected , as cargoed by train to a waiting mother at stockholm station .
then he had to smile to himself , for once he was certified and begun to practice he had also discovered that his chosen profession provided possibly the best job security in the country , along with an unlimited source of income , the usiwhich is how many of his colleagues had nicknamed the dsmsince they , as a body , could create new mental disorders pretty much at will by adding the word disorder to any one of possibly millions of normal human conditions , and then include them in the dsm , their billing manual .
anne is one of the most brilliant violinists this country has ever produced .
if it hit the morning news here it would be all over los angeles , all over the country , damn it , by lunchtime .
grandma told meand mom confirmed this , so it must have been true , for mom usually got her facts straightthat her bible , when it was first on sale in america was the most expensive book offered anywhere in the country .
each year the federal governments bureau of sterilization ( fbs ) would estimate how many additional neutereds they d need for the next season and by a lottery system ( same as they still have in many european countries , from what i hear ) so and so many were picked from here and there and then sterilized or gelded .
members who are no longer in the country .
and they said that whoever actually did it are already out of the country .
well , ladies and gentlemen , this station , for one , will not be cowed into performance , or silence , and i am sure the same is true for our colleagues here in los angeles and across the country .
but of late : kristian churchesclandestine in the main , but churches all the samehad over the last fifty years sprung up in the country at an alarming rate , preaching the blasphemous gospel of kristus and vilifying the annual resurrection .
until nowrumors of kristus had rolled through the country like swells over the centurieskristus had been a mythicaland much ridiculedfigure , whom no one took very seriously .
: : 95 : : statistically , at the height of the storm , two people die in our country every minute from the violence it brings .
they are already showing it across the country , across the world .
we have laws in this country , and they must be followed , one of them had taken upon himself to inform blackburn small .
since other fires might be called for , as the coordinator and main puller of fiery strings he had been the only one to remain in the country once the benedictine fire was set and his seven co - arsonists scattered on the winds for undetectable safety in europe and africa .
he slowly shook his head : los angeles was a big city , california was a big state , america was a big country .
one of the most respected journalists in the country .
you 'll have to leave the country because the very mention of either of their names will make you vomit , and you 'll wind up sucking on a car muffler for breakfast one wednesday morning in panama city .
i ' ve been in a band , know how to ride a skateboard , been in a helicopter , won a spelling bee , survived a car accident , ran the bases at wrigley , kissed the stanley cup , threw a cup of piss at a bus driver , seen mount rushmore , tasted some great beer , driven halfway across the country , lived in seattle for seven days , smoked some hellacious herb , never had a bad trip on mushrooms , fucked some sexy ass women , been to five lollapaloozas in a row , been to vegas , saw michael jordan play live , been the star of several viral videos , dodged a bullet , was the lead in a play , touched some amazing people 's lives with great advice and emotional moments , and finally , had my one great love .
our goodbye was lackluster , on his end because he felt like i was bailing on him , and on my end because i felt like he dragged me across the country on false pretenses .
you see , i come from a place deep in the south , far beyond the borders of your country , mr . bunnu ; beyond the confines of that glorious homeland of yours that i have come to love and have since adopted as my own ; beyond the boundaries of that wondrous paradise once known to the world as kaiiba .
when the republic annexed the countries of kaiiba and mumtaz , years later , apparently a lot of their historians dedicated their studies to tracing the origins of both cultures .
according to what i ve read , it seems that both kaiibans and mumta were originally descendants of the ancient melicthe people of that country right there across the river .
but bunnu had heard through the grapevine that motiwala had become a key member of the kaiiban national liberation front , which was funding insurgent operations in morell and aiding the gautama in their defenses against the republics overwhelming forcesall in an attempt to return their country of kaiiba to independent rule .
asoka plains never existed and neither did the country of morell .
here : in the asoka plains detention facility in the country of morell , a region of the world that was now understood to be a part of the republic .
truth be told , he liked it , even if it made him look a little out of place - no one in buenos aires , if not in the entire country , wore a cap like this .
` ` the man 's the best - known television reporter in the country .
the laws of physics still seemed to apply around the country they repeatedly pointed out , all was still well with gravity .
judging by the media , nothing else occurred in the country for the few days following the rising .
the most prevalent view , however , the one racing the fastest across the country , and indeed creating the most distress and havoc , was the view that ruth marten - whoever she was , whether jesus or the buddha - was a clear message from god that the end was near .
it struck many , both readers and pundits , that they must have had the story researched and ready to go well before attending the ucla lecture , for their assault upon miss marten dug up as many corners of the past that there were to dig up , all aimed at exposing this fraud of a girl , and especially reminding its readers about her alvarez circus and how they country had convulsed ( yes , that was the word ) in the wake of that .
and he could see how some elements in his country , or any country for that matter , would nt mind that she went away .
and we will show that if she is not stoppedwe will show that if you , ladies and gentlemen , do not stop herwe may never again enjoy what we all have come to take for granted and love about our country , for it may not even exist a year from now .
you mentioned in your deposition that this falling off of attendance is not only occurring in your district , but all over the country .
but they have experienced a drop in attendance , in countries like saudi arabia , pakistan , iran ?
nora fieldings daily television show , of sound mind , enjoyed some of the best viewer ratings in the country , and was also syndicated to a healthy part of europe and asia .
to everybodys , including her own , surprise , she won and have served her state and country ever since in such a commonsensical way that she had by now earned the respect not only from her own republican party by also from the democratic opposition across the aisle .
the state , and the country , is having crisis of the spirit , said oconnor .
look at the country , it teetered on the verge of collapse .
mister black , here , was chosen , by lot , from a pool of one thousand absolutely average persons from around the country .
: that evening found some of those media voices that had made ruth martens conviction a foregone conclusion busy hedging their bets , while others dug in and said that this rose - colored glasses new - age fluff defense of miss martens did not change the economic realities of the world , nor did it alter the disastrous effect of her campaigns on the country .
we believe that she in her utter disregard for the well - being of the country and its citizens has sought to aggrandize herself , has sought to gain influence and power over the youth of our country , for reasons not entirely clear to us , norwe believeto herself .
the future of this country , of this world , now lies in your hands .
by 1924 , however , pragmatism had begun to decline in popularity , and the social and political philosophy of karl marx , whose works had become widely known in china as early as 1919 , now became the philosophy of the chinese communist party and went on to dominate chinese thought for decades after the communists gained control of the country in 1949 .
among them are philosophies represented by famous advocates of ancient indian spiritual views , such as mystic philosopher sri aurobindo ghosea nationalist revolutionary who opposed british rule of india in the early 20th centuryand sarvepalli radhakrishnan , who was president of india from 1962 to 1967 , i.e. , in the period immediately following the country 's struggle for independence .
and this view is that israels well - being , as a people and as a country , in essence depends on their obedience to gods commandments : all natural and historical events that befall israel are interpreted as emanating from god and as influenced by israels religious behavior .
israel is more than just a country , it has a religious dimension that embodies jewish self - respect and the promise of messianic fulfillment , and all movements in american judaismwith the single exception of the ultra - orthodox sectarianshave become more israel - oriented in the past decades .
the country with the most muslims is indonesia , followed by pakistan and bangladesh .
bhakti this movement of ecstatic devotion to vishnu or shiva had gained a firm hold in the south of india by the 9th century , and managed to sweep over the rest of the country by the 17th century .
gandhi gandhis creative use of nonviolence and civil disobedience on a massive scale ( involving virtually all of the country ) under the name of satyagraha elevated traditional hindu values to relevance in indias political struggle against british rule .
the reasons a more exact number is hard to arrive at are twofold : throughout much of asia religious affiliation tends to be nonexclusive ; and it is especially difficult to estimate the number of buddhists in communist countries such as china .
christmas just does not smell right in this country .
this is a country where everyone can cook .
this was a country where i would have serious trouble with my waistline .
that s quite a bit higher up the country .
the veterinarian confirmed that yes , indeed , you do need a permit for poisonous snakes , and , by the way , how on earth did you manage to get it into the country ?
he s taken me for several trips around the country .
this is such a beautiful country , even in the winter , or maybe especially in the winter .
this is the country where harriet spent her summers and had spent them for the last thirty - some years .
much better to have an idol that you do nt have to cart around , thought abram , and headed west towards the pretty idol - less country that is now the jordan valley .
his past is somewhat complicated , although now that he is out again he intends to makes a clean start , and his sister janet has come back from halfway across the country to see that he sticks to it .
they had been purchased decades ago when his uncle had owned the nearby car graveyard and had been planning on expansion , but he had left the country one step ahead of the law when the 1980 's economy imploded and his illegal gambling exploits were revealed , and one second before his midnight departure , just before the government could seize his assets for back taxes , he left the utopic acres to blaise .
and so after they had graduated from high school both fell more or less amenably together in the sub - suburbs after fate had cast most of the rest of their friends to far - flung corners of the country to continue the juvenile enterprise of studying at the knees of adulation - craving professors and trying on personalities one check from home at a time .
from rosalinds journal tess and janet and blaise were all too busy ( or more accurately too successful at their stratagems of distraction ) to notice the increasing withdrawal of their father who , with the extra equipment he got from don , was able to sift and reach the signals to a greater extent than ever before , but still without hearing any messages that he wanted to hear , any shred of hope , and instead only filled himself with news of the misdeeds men did to each other , in this country and that , atrocity upon atrocity , and violence upon violence , with no inkling of the ministering angels that had guided him and watched over him as a young man in the pacific in world war ii , that had seen him into the jaws of harm and through harm when he was too young to realize the terror he was in , and had guided him back home , and let him find his one true love but then had taken her from him without dignity , without warning , without a single signal of reassurance thereafter , leaving only his self and the void , and a hiss from every corner of the world in every language from every preacher who wanted his own life of sin and prosperity licensed by the crucified lord and amway that it was all somehow his fault because god had left him .
good grief , she has one of the last dial - up internet connections in the country .
blaise , for his part , gave a speech about the need for more parking downtown and fewer one - way streets ; he spun plates and gave a half - assed trick roping exhibition he had learned and practiced the night before ; and he sang my country tis of thee plus woody guthrie 's this land is your land , but both a little off key .
from blaises journal : icarus tyrannus i was back in the states , and the country had long since been ravaged by depression and by the asymmetrical attacks , we were told , of an unseen enemy .
now they had all subsided and the country was in a hell of a way .
going there was like watching the tattered backdrop of the current state of life in the country being rolled away and revealing a clean white efficient world behind it .
everything had seemed so degraded out in the country , in the depression following and accompanying the ongoing war , in the citizens fight to secure their livelihoods one by one and one against the unseen enemy .
once people are in here they have every opportunity to continue serving their country , but in a more controlled way .
then god would have given the country to his son , so that he could clear up the mess and put it right .
i liked to stand on high promontories , looking out over the country that stretched out beneath my feet .
soon , it would break out into a fever that would sweep the whole country , as people realized that , together , they could mobilize power by exerting their own hands and minds .
all over the country , secondary school scholars staged boycotts of classes in support of the knf .
it was the best secondary school for africans and one of only three such schools in the whole country .
there are nt more that a few thousand for a country of six million people .
he assured the country that agitators would be dealt with firmly , and that , under the protection of the security forces , law - abiding and peace - loving people had nothing to fear .
that way there wo nt be all this corruption and inefficiency and military rule and what - what like you see in the other african countries that got independence by revolution .
here everybody is mixed together , people from different parts of the country , different tribes and what - what , all living together , mixed together .
after we helped to liberate keretani , we were going to get good qualifications and have satisfying jobs , fine houses and loving families , all in a liberated country of boundless possibilities .
like most people , students always took the ubiquitous , crowded , rickety mini - buses that shuttled incessantly between fort marnay and points all over the country .
she had been kidnapped and was being held in an apartment belonging to the knf until she could be smuggled out of the country , probably drugged in a cargo crate , on her way to lepando .
he left the country in a hurry and renates brother was released by the knf shortly afterwards .
as she told me just after i met her , god , do you realize that the jackboot faction that s what rita called lokusi and his security division thugs do you realise that they would have had renate out of the country within a day or two , and then who knows what would have happened to her ?
the struggle is nt about people like me spending the rest of our lives in london , or berlin , or new york , or refugee camps in some african country .
this is my country .
here i was in my own country , in my own capital city , and i did nt even know how to get from the airport into the city centre .
it was wonderful to have firm human contact just when i was feeling that i was a stranger in my own country .
part of me knew exactly where i was , while part of me felt like a traveler in an unknown country .
that had a bad effect on their studies , and , even worse , often meant that they did nt come back to keretani which meant that the money invested in their education was lost to the country .
he explained that he had really said that every municipality in the country should have an iliberatana avenue in honour of the founding president of the republic of keretani .
a year later , goklola provided tangible evidence of his unwavering faith in the knf and the future of the country when he built a ten - storey building in the middle of fort marnay .
dam it , detective , you know as well as i do that the country is flooded with illegal firearms .
the funeral was a huge affair , attended by hundreds of people from totudi and the neighboring villages as well as by people from all over the country .
the evening of the news of mark was a beautiful evening of the second halves june , perhaps the most beautiful period to be lived on the lake , and to complete the gratification was warned in the air a good odor of grass cut coming from the agricultural zone of the country , not very distant from the '' our '' cafe .
altogether you / he / she has always had an indefinable age , so much that every time that we entered a place to the foreign countries , the inevitable one employed - buttafuori of turn asked him for the documents to verify that it had at least eighteen years .
the three hemming , frightened and incredulous , miraculously survived to the greatest wooded fire that the country remembers him .
moreover it was common opinion that the swiss girls had very northerly an european mentality : as to say , it was said that they were more opened , more available , more ... . for my account , after having sieved for at least one decade the whole country of the chocolate , is able to categorically deny this gossip .
the organizer of the trips to the foreign countries you are you , here it speaks of everything other kind of experience .
i have just closed the door i has felt like smiling thinking to how much in effects we had remained some idiotic ragazzonis , rather than to be grown sure and arrogant as as our nobler contemporaries in country .
i worked in the bank to ventun years , i directed a branch to trentacinque , to forty i was mayor of this country .
when i / you / they have arrived i was tired and unloaded , but from the tall one the whole country was seen and threw a thread of breeze that the sweat dried me .
admiring from the tall one the places where i was grown , i thought to how much in effects i / you had been born in a country for old .
a country like so many in italy , but situated in an anomalous outskirts of summer holidayers and of too much long winter colds .
despite the light of the sun you / he / she had slowly begun to illuminate the whole country , mark has arrived with the lighthouses still turned on .
with the camper are stopped for appraising there where we could find an equipped area and the rather unpleasant gentleman to which we have asked the information you / he / she has recommended us to almost continue up to the end of the country .
mah , does n't know of precise , thin to now we have not found a lot of traffic , if it suits us and the walk remains this , about ten times and we are to the country of chicken .
the air was bright and already warm when the camper , again in the hands of david , you / he / she has begun the climb for the small country of the hinterland calabro of which chicken was native .
at that time the cd of the trip proposed '' you comes and he goes , however dancing , perhaps thinking a life wo n't be enough , he comes and he goes , holding the life for the tail , in the case that god is not in the center ... . '' we have started singing as a scolaresca in trip there and , two songs later we have reached the country .
naturally at 20.00 o'clock , returning in country , the thought that from there to a hour we would have had to play to kick it did n't thrill anybody .
let 's go from this country of the cazzo !
reached the '' wine cellar '' it seemed you / they were spent years by our departure because the particular ones of a cut hedge , of a moved poster or of a renewed insignia , in a country as ours , they change of very the scenery .
they made the spool between cesenatico and our country on the lake with weekly lilt , every weekend , and happened that them rincontrassi exclusively in canonical wednesdays of the wine cellar or by chance in the few roads of this country of lake .
they made the spool between cesenatico and our country on the lake with weekly lilt , every weekend , and happened that them rincontrassi exclusively in canonical wednesdays of the wine cellar or by chance in the few roads of this country of lake .
you / he / she had first of all had a preference for the freshest and bright chapel of the country , besides you / he / she had been able to avoid nauseating excesses of fresh flowers , embellishing the three small aisles with the narrow necessary : white , yellow and pink camellias .
there were rather all , or almost the inhabitants of the country on the lake and those of the near countries .
there were rather all , or almost the inhabitants of the country on the lake and those of the near countries .
the priest recited the homily , but i did n't listen to him ; then the organized transport conducted slow but inexorable mark 's body for the whole country , up to the arrival to the cemetery where you / he / she was buried .
i will be for example tomorrow here in the sporting center of a near country to observe a meeting of the championship interregionale .
he suddenly grew a pair and started taking this host father thing seriously ; told me i could nt see him , and that was it , and all types of other bullshit ; and he said that in this house what he says goes , etc ; and i ended up crying in his arms , and he cried with me , but then again i was only crying because of him getting a hard on over this stuff in the first place ; duuuuude these people were okay with it , because they had no reason not to be okay with it until mom obsessively specified that the program says no boyfriends , and emphasyzed that she forbids it as well fuuuuuuuuuck honestly i hope i just never see her again ; my only releif is that i m away from her now ; although , if this happened back in the old country , i would have left home by now and not gave a fuck once and for all ; believe me allie : once and for fucking all .
people in my country suck on cloves to dull the pain of a toothache , though it does nothing to relieve the original cause of the discomfort .
back in my country , i feel like every day is being in jail .
if i go back to my country , i would be tried for my political beliefs and then sentenced to death , moe says in a matter of fact tone .
are you also running from your country ?
but she s in another country , for gods sake .
you know they wo nt move it out of the country .
hans smiled , then said , and , as you also know , switzerland has been a neutral country for over a thousand years .
let me explain to you , miss -- , mrs . you are aware that the us ambassador in paris has advised all americans to leave the country .
i am going back to france to join the french army to keep hitler out of our country .
you know , from an innocent country like the united states .
we will get you out of the country first thing .
meanwhile well get you out of the country .
fine , isabelle said , its not a problem , even in this wartime country .
well , if that were true , she would be out of the country already .
you came in this country without any luggage .
she was worried that isabelle would want to spend time at the american embassy asking questions about getting her mother out of the country .
but i noticed that both of you very recently came into the country .
let them have the whole country .
i have papers for my mother to leave this country .
i have documents , and hand stamps i can use to intimidate stupid country people .
if i remember correctly , when we met you were leaving the country with his daughter .
he will find me , and together we will defend our country .
they were caught in the middle , with the dictators and monarchs from the surrounding countries on one side , and israel on the other .
western nations such as britain and france , hoping to keep the region under control , divided the area forming countries like palestine , saudi arabia , jordan , kuwait , syria , iraq and others .
jordan they were told , was a good country , with a good king who would welcome them with open arms .
the poverty and sub - standard living conditions were akin to those of fourth world countries .
nothing else stood out during that visit , aside from the fact that it still seemed like a third world country , and i did nt care for it at all .
bikers were always stopping in daytona beach on their way across the country .
three weeks later we were in jordan and even though i had been there only four years earlier , jordan was a new country .
when we were in school , the three of us said we d travel across the country on motorcycles after we retired .
san diego was nt exactly the radical center of the country but i did find a magazine article that said that one part of town , ocean beach , was the haight - ashbury of san diego .
so , instead of just smuggling the drugs directly here , they d rather smuggle them through an extra country ?
i m going in country , and i need a door gunner .
to the guys who ve been there , nams not just a little piss - pot country on the other side of the world .
america is the greatest country in the world .
they do nt need people to drive pickup trucks across the country .
half the country hated students and the authorities could kill with impunity .
the womans the best high - school coach in the country right now .
it ca nt be easy being the best coach in the country .
the third type of students were the girls from other parts of the country who came to beck as boarding students or whose families had moved to georgia and placed their daughters in the exclusive academy as a consequence of the move , or as the objective .
maybe one day this country will have another pro womens league on a level with the nba .
people in newsrooms in obscure parts of the country .
beck soon became the premiere day and boarding school not only for upper- and middle - class blacks in atlanta but for those across the country .
you are the same athletes who beat one of the best college teams in the country just a few weeks ago .
they were going to be able to escape the east coast for the west , and they were going to be able to do it together , and at one of the elite schools in the country .
` ` meaning that we can enter almost any present - day church , mosque , or synagogue in the country and still see rituals .
my cousin was going to smuggle me out of the country in a turnip boat , if you can believe that .
probably be at it until the whole country 's been culled .
this country of his is so very beautiful .
she turned angry and protective , refusing to let him speak out when he saw what was happening to his country .
it sounds like islamic countries , or like many centuries ago .
in the meg ryan piece , the writer confided that : ryans tendency to be seen with different men is perhaps a suggestion to moms all over the country that its not so bad to leave their husbands and chase after younger mates .
carter was named after the president of the united states from when his parents had arrived in the country , four months before ronald reagan took office .
and all through the watch , through sending out messengers and making 1mc announcements and taking the reports of the deck watches , and ringing the bell as the skipper comes aboard slightly hammered you can tell from some party with the ambassador or someone , and the guys on liberty going ashore and the tours coming back from the wineries , and every so often you walk out on the sponson aware of the weight of the pistol and the magazines dragging at your hip , and look out over the harbor in the evening light and up into the town and the hills above it and trying to feel like you are in a foreign country and only feeling like you want to get the hell out of there .
chapter eighteen you walk up on the empty flight deck to look around and you see mountains on three sides of the bay and a little town with towers sticking up at the head of the water and the air smells bad like oil burning and the sky is gray and the two other ships of the marg are laying off about a mile away and you think this is the first real foreign country i ve ever been to , and then off in the town you can hear people singing with their voices echoing across the water to you and someone says that s the arabs calling people to prayer , and then you say a prayer yourself even though you almost never even think about god .
[ 95 ] in the old days , guys would get drafted and sent to boot camp and thrown in with guys from all walks of life and from all over the country ; the volunteer service ended that for more americans and is a loss .
sandra had finished cleaning for the day and decided to play a few songs on the piano that she had learned as a young girl in her home country .
` ` but a grievous sin continues in this country , even right now . ''
they each had an idea of america , and it was two different countries .
never been jailed , not in this country , but i ai n't scared to try it .
` ` country , '' said judd , sitting heavily in a la - z - boy recliner .
maybe even worse than wasted money are the things that do not have a dollar sign intangible things , like american values , values that were once built on the farm , church , and family the pillars that this country 's greatness rests upon .
with the fall of the soviets , i ca n't see anything but prosperity ahead for agriculture in this country , but you must grow the operation to enjoy the margins . ''
` ` resting , why yes , of course , '' blurted out ricardo , he changed the subject , '' think what riches there be in this country if those were poor natives who carried all this wealth , eh vargas ? ''
the commander was even more cunning , ` ` think father , if without war we establish ourselves over this country it shall be all the more quickly brought under the sway of the holy catholic church '' .
most of 'em kept this country going against kaiser bill , without stilson 's england would n't have an empire , the great would n't be in britain .
an engineer you 're goin ' to be lad , a credit to stilson 's and to yer country . ''
` ` it 's a strange old world lad , here 's me an ' yer old feller , fought for king and country and what do we get .
father , i ask you to place your blessings upon our mission in this country .
the commander of the gods is going to steal your country from you , your wealth will soon be on ships sailing far away , the commander is going to murder your people and will take everything from you .
i shall journey with the child across the great ocean , to my home country , there she will be safe .
the old man sat , cuddling the child and talking to her , telling her tales of the sea and the countries which lay beyond it .
but he is a false man , i knew him in a far off country named ceylon .
you still speak with a strong spanish accent , these are dangerous times for men from your country .
its as if they re from another country , or something .
garrett was just telling about the beer bust at the country club , andrew lies .
no country , either , as you well know .
you re holding one of the first bottles of stolichnaya ever to be sold in this country .
the questions , mostly from grad students and faculty , are uniformly safe and fawning , drawing out alcotts most noble sentiments about morality , patriotism , self - sacrifice , god - fearing devotion to home and country , and the glories of spreading democracy to the savage nations of this world .
~ ~ ~ wednesday , june 14 whatever else you do while you re in turkey , i warn dr . goodleigh , do nt try to smuggle hashish out of the country .
also , my parents expect me to make an appearance at the country club every afternoon for a couple of rounds of tennis and a swim .
in any other part of the country , people would wisely be racing for shelter by this point a cellar if ones available , or a bathtub with a mattress over your body if that s all you have .
this is good old boy country , and our demons have good old boy names .
i remember the frequency from my last trip through this part of the country .
ticketing agent : south sudan is the newest country , sir , but we do n't fly there .
kane : how would a war with natspatsu solve a problem that existed within his own country ?
a war , even one in which his country lost , would make my father richer .
before i left , i would chase the most spectacular experiences- i travelled to see the country 's most beautiful museums , buildings , landmarks , even people .
the scoundrels were required by law to quit performing the song in most countries after a group of fans raped a young girl during a concert at the sydney opera house .
i wish with all my heart to hear his piano once again , but this poor country i am living in has banned the music .
i hear that hank adaline , yes , the red shadow , is just traveling from country to country to play music for the people .
i hear that hank adaline , yes , the red shadow , is just traveling from country to country to play music for the people .
these reports show that , for the first time in history , more people are living in cities than in the country .
he went on to explain that the dps were interviewed and prepared for return to their native countries .
that had been easy for those from countries like france and belgium , and even greece and italy , but many of the ones from poland and yugoslavia were not enthusiastic about returning home .
he had not conversed in polish since his last visit to his uncles farm , months before , and he had to ask the first man whom he interviewed , who claimed to be a farm worker from some village in the western part of the country , to repeat his answers more than once .
the return of the workers to their home countries had not proceeded rapidly , and there were still over five thousand men , women and children in the camp .
consequently , the army continued to do what it could ; trying to find a way to return their charges to their countries of origin ; while also trying to sort out from among the germans , those who would be prosecuted for war crimes , and those who would simply be released .
the czechs , italians , and yugoslavians in camp 146 had been choosing overwhelmingly to return to their native countries , and many had been leaving in small groups all winter .
she was wearing her dark blue red cross uniform , and was conversing excitedly with the women in german , acting the part of a newcomer to the country , marveling at the novelty of being in a foreign land .
the czechs trudged past the carriage towards their own country as the train rolled slowly forward onto a siding on the polish side .
oddly enough , the possession of german firearms would cause little stir in a country where so many had served as partisans against the occupation forces .
he reminded colling that the swiss government restricted u.s . military personnel to five days in the country , and that he would have to remain in uniform during his stay .
there are restrictions in place that limit unauthorized movement about the country .
colling explained that he had had to slip out of the country by taking a bus to new orleans , then finding a tramp steamer that would take him to europe .
the war may have changed things somewhat , but i believe that i can find my way anywhere in this country .
one evening , he asked that they join him in the kitchen , and over hot glasses of sweet tea , speaking german , he told them that he wanted their comments regarding the best way out of the country .
warsaw , replied colling , we ve been touring the country .
in addition , it appears that mr . krazinsky and the blonde american woman known as either elzbieta or delores warrencliffe , take your choice ; as well as this german couple , the breitmanns , escaped from the custody of the polish criminal police while charged with the murder of an elderly polish woman in the south of the country .
yuffie kisaragi -- the daughter of the leader of wutai , who feels her country has lost its former glory and has become a resort town .
well , most people only speak the language of their own country , and that s why they would never think that we would know a language other than our own .
ultimately they found all kinds of necessities , flashlights , batteries , even maps of the country .
after all , no one else could get around in this country in summer or winter as good as jake sadler .
when that happened he realized the country was not quite a free as it used to be .
though his appearance had occasioned unusual stares a few hundred miles north it was obvious his appearance was having the right effect in this part of the country .
there were only a few houses , which made sense in this part of the country , because most people around here lived out in the hills .
this country was worth the trip just to see .
an out - of - work and out - of - money traveler who is just on his way to warmer parts of the country , and needing a place to lay over this winter .
but i still feel like if he s old enough to be drafted , he should let the country or himself decide , not big daddy .
our country is none - too selective , but how else can it be , really , cleo ?
i want to go into politics with you as my wife , my rock of sanity , and we can start our life in any part of the country you want .
hernandez had long since been bankrupt and left the country , but at that time cecil had wealthier backers , mainly from what people might call new money .
i ve been spreading the word to cities all around the country .
written when she was nineteen and ruth was on the way ( uncle nial and uncle sean already having arrived ) , it 's a life lived through the roots of a country i do n't know .
a passion for a country can only be equalled by its passion for itself .
i know this country and i ' m glad to be here , mostly .
of course not but i can only see my own country .
i ' ve been accused of treachery to the church , to the country and to god .
i was photographed everywhere and the whole country was talking about me , and i was famous , and i felt complete a question : but it would only have been 15 minutes of fame if not for i know what you re going say .
no one of consequence would call in the evening , and gottlieb and his wife had no children or relatives in this country , at least none georg knew of .
he was certainly better off than he had been ve years ago , and living like a prince compared with what he had when he rst arrived in this country .
not to mention the messages from anti - semites who had rather unoriginal plans for what they would do with me after they took control of the country .
when we came out on the street she gaped at the street vendors , sidewalk artists and weekend throng like someone who had just landed from a foreign country .
but well meet again in aslans country , okay ?
places like aslans country and the heaven mentioned in their ancient family bible could be equally imaginary .
her smile was sincere , happy to have the chance of being helpful to a traveller from another country .
a lone backpacker in a country that makes him feel the daunting force of facelessness finds very little mirthful moments like sharing laughter true .
she says she wishes people in india could think more considerately as in the ways jaliya says is prevalent in his country .
to leave the world i know and everyone , wellthe thing is , i never planned to live my life in another country .
i believe love does not happen in a vacuumthe world we met in and the one where we built our past holds much of the reasons that kept us togetherand what if i had married her and found myself hating the new life in a foreign country ?
and of course all that had happened in the time before the youth of countries like india and sri lanka , immersed their lives in mobile telephony and social media .
what in your story will you write about this country , bringing it through conversations between that dear gentleman and the young student ?
he has worked as a broadcaster for sri lankan national tv for over three years , and is a features writer for two national newspapers in his home country .
there would be festivals throughout the country and a gala at the palace in topaz , and as a small number of dignitaries from other nations had come to town to attend the gala , it was a highly suitable time for the city to put its choicest face forward .
seeing the line of puzzlement between matthiass eyebrows , shed pressed him with , you do nt think the country would fare better by your leaving them a son ?
the string of notables from the allying nations present , including the two princes who d also been at the cathedral that afternoon , were principal visitors , given that even now , diachona was facing a heightening disagreement over national territory with a country called munda .
constance had studied about the country , but the fact that shed actually chosen to make a friendly visit to it a couple of years earlier had drawn horrified reactions from more than a few diachonians .
munda had been on virulent campaigns to expand its wealth and borders for about the past decade , and while the country had recently grown quieter , mundas king aud had expressed his interest in lush lands in diachonas southeastern region .
and the timing for the threat of war could hardly be more inconvenient , since the nation of reh , diachonas ally across the eubeltic sea , was trying to cope with its own unforeseen trouble , as a vicious earthquake had racked an ample portion of their country , destroying a number of towns .
they have a beautiful country , and i hear the efforts to rebuild broken towns there are progressing too slowly .
with the dire circumstances his country was facing , due to the damage caused by the terrible earthquake , he would not be able to propose marriage , just yetconstances eyebrows rose sharplybut it would please him greatly if she would keep in correspondence with him , if she would consider inviting him to see her in diachona again , and furthermore , if she would allow him the divinity of now gracing her with a farewell salute , since he would be leaving for his land on the morrow .
the prince and his country were serious about this .
personal meetings had happened before in which constance had to bid her friend farewell as he went off for an indefinite time of military duty outside of the country , but it was now happening for the first time since something within constance concerning staid had started to change .
the council has made civil adjustments on behalf of the wellbeing of the women of this country , under king matthias .
why on earth did she have to care so for this military man , of all the men in the country , at such an inopportune , trying national time ?
if we were discussing war with a country other than munda , chieftain , then i might agree with you .
a year that differs from the others in mundas cycle of years , and not every generation sees it , but its a special celebration of life and fertility , a prime year for marriages and childbearing , to give the country a burst of growth .
when , weeks later , the day arrived for commander alexander to be received back into his country at the eubeltic docks , not all of constances doubts had been allayed , not even as she stood up on a hill a ways off from the docks beside her father , with some other members of the council close by .
numerous alarmed and jaded mundayne soldiers chose to give up their places in the military , stating that their wages were nt worth the countrys infighting , and little did many other nations know yet that mundas notorious army had rapidly dwindled in size , as well as in funds .
and how do you know that these decidedly superstitious mundayne favorites of yours are brave enough to tell an enemy of theirs the truth about what s happening in their vulnerable country ?
even with the unease , however , letters of assurance signed by king matthias and princess constance had been taken out and reread a number of times in the hearing of citizens in town meetings and church services in topaz and across the country , ever since the spring .
when that day showed up , king matthias , a group of his guards , and elder cobalt rode out of the capital and toward the kingdoms southern border with commander alexander and a host of diachonas army troops , doing without the number of their soldiers who were still absent from the country , out across the eubeltic sea .
the gods had not poured down their blessing of the season yet , as aud had assured the people would happen in time ; the country would therefore be cursed unless it was purged of the rash offender who had elected to send soldiers to combat without being blessed .
when the declarations of diachonas triumph over munda had gone out after the battle , the news had been tinged with uncertainty for the three at this table , as it was not yet known if the mundayne soldiers the commander had sent back to their country had been accepted there with a pardon for not taking part in any fighting , or if they d had to face the same penalty as the king who d sent them .
most of the country does nt know it , but the other prince who came for your royal junior ceremony has long been engaged elsewhere .
in each mans devotion to his spot of land , he has hated his country .
norma worked for the atf , on a special task force , ironically , called project gunrunner , for which she traced firearms all over the country .
i ve been to many countries in africa , south america , and even to some middle eastern countries .
i ve been to many countries in africa , south america , and even to some middle eastern countries .
the length of time it took to fly across the country had not even been a factor in her decision about whether to take her new job and make the move .
but she had the whole length of the country to contemplate the distance that long day after .
then shook her head , reminding herself that she was all the way across the country from the aftershocks .
only now , she realized , the woman may have been asking whether she would move back to stay with her mother , not whether she feared living in earthquake country .
karen nodded , never mind mom was on the other side of the country .
silently i mused about his minimal effort so far to enquire about my year out of the country .
as i travelled the length of the lake in my far flung country , a familiar ache came into my upper chest , like a chunk of apple descending the gullet .
the wasted time spent daydreaming , instead of exploring the new country .
i had quit his university , i had quit his country , and i had quit his beloved specialist training scheme .
the foreign country was the key .
the tumultuous year in dunedin and the fresh stimulus of living in a foreign country , meant i had plenty of raw material for composition .
perhaps he felt he could start afresh in another country .
chapter 2 her set list was quite refined , each song instantly recognisable a clever tactic in a foreign country if you wanted to be re - employed .
it helped her cause that the audience was partly english speaking there were a few british ( the closest such country to le havre ) , americans of course , and a few each of canadians , australians and new zealanders .
so what brings you to this part of the country , she asked to shift the talk away from her and onto him .
he walked her home that evening and she introduced him to her mom who thought he was a fine young man who was serving his country .
bodies strewn across the country in death - sprawls , sometimes in pieces .
death march a poem by g. newton chance on concrete slab round table , outside rumshop , served cold to country on platter like john 's to herodias , a la carte columbian cartel style , a head , severed , separated from shell , left lying lifeless , abandoned , in abandoned canefield , bitter harvest of deluded quest for sugar of quick material gains .
because of my work with the street children , and because many of the kids in elis class have homes without doors that open into rooms with dirt floors , and families that share a single bed in the same room that the wood fire is tended for cooking , these circumstances of a life lived in a country where so many people never go beyond a third grade education because school is a luxury that many families can not afford , have all become a part of his everyday life .
she explains to me , i will never really feel like this country is my home unless the dream act passes .
now they flew across the country , but as phil toted her luggage , he nearly carried julia too .
i mean , i never visited them when i went back to columbus , what s the point of dragging them across the country ?
but with help from cassandras law firm and many of her friends , the bryson house had raised enough capital to offer one of the most advanced programs in the country .
he felt at home with the pizza huts and the burger kings , this was his country , midwest monotony conquering an en - tire nation .
shell love living here , its a wonderful country .
my eyes glanced across the table , men and women from across the country , their distance and time converging on the table that became an unanchored moment , neither down nor up , windowless and obscure .
mom for him was something out of a tyrone power movie and a guided tour to europe , it used to bother me but i finally just agreed with whatever he had to say about her life and country .
tell me josep , what is all this we read in the newspapers about the catalonians wanting to become a country or whatever it is , are you people spanish , or what , you ll be doing me a favor by explaining all this , because i really do nt understand it .
i have to find a way to get him out of the country before someone does with him what i should do .
we have a promise to keep , and we must drive this vermin out of the country .
they had been thanking joe for days , and to pat ever since he returned from escorting the bad men out of the country .
chapter nineteen return to indian country pat , i have silver bullion to sellwhere do i sell it ?
white horses are pretty , but it is nt healthy to ride one in indian country .
editor saaheb , marco polo traversed over twenty - four thousand kilometers and visited many countries in search of the excellence and quality but still he could not find one .
better , he died before the liberalization era and the globalization pains otherwise he could not even move out of his country ... !
the people are a little colder than in other parts of the country , but so far so good .
indeed , the cultural eyeblink that was americas transition from flame to light bulb trumpeted sparta - by - the - seas heyday : the flag came from the days when the country moved from horse to auto , from still photos to silent movies , from a tentative , expanding nation to a country ready to flex its muscles on the world stage .
how long he lay there no one knows but with each passing minute the cold would have seeped into his body and inched him nearer to a death that would have thrown this country into even greater turmoil .
if you had your way bsj , half the bloody country would be swinging from the main beam , said charles easter before sharing an anxious glance across the oak table with colin stimpson .
yes indeed , the secretary replied sadly , long gone , like most other things that made this country great .
before you could utter kenneth wolstenholmes immortal line the german skipper would be holding aloft gazzanigas 5 kg solid gold statue and once again we would be crying in our beer and smashing up town centres across the country .
there continues to be an increasing number of women playing golf across the country .
now whilst i recognise that this opening statement will render choking fits in some of the more traditional committee rooms around the country , more women playing is great for the sport .
the say that there are hundreds of gold courses appearing up and down the country .
this is their country for christs sake and they do nt even have the vote .
ellis d fogg for example , and mike furber ; apparently the only major solo pop artist in the country , or so the author claimed .
he did nt care for the rest of his country , he cared only for what this freedom meant to milada .
it had been taken at least two months after freedom had fallen like a miraculous snow on the country .
this box of regime horrors was proof milada would never be found in his country .
he wrote down any relatives he could think of , especially those in other countries .
more recently , the central building had been converted into the largest lebensborn in the country .
this country has gone steadily downhill ever since . ''
` ` in japan upwards of sixty - five per cent do n't believe in god at all and in the nordic countries such as sweden the figure climbs to eighty - five - just a few percentage points lower in denmark , norway and finland . ''
we get such oppressive heat in my country throughout the summer months .
i am making a trip to my country the beginning of december , mrs . shamir said , and i was wondering if you could look after my property while i m gone .
on the ride home , as they reached the outskirts of brandenberg , parker said , ` ` you got a master 's degree from one of the finest colleges in the country and shovel shit for a living that makes sense ? ''
the provincial country was one of six independent turkish states with russia to the north and iran due south .
` ` technically , dick is travelling to their country . ''
stupidly , i followed some bad advice and did nt employ a solicitor ; pretty much unheard of in this country i know .
unruffled she simply stated that they all wished to experience the country as musicians but had no problem working their own country first .
unruffled she simply stated that they all wished to experience the country as musicians but had no problem working their own country first .
when we came to this country we expected everything to be big , johnny said seeming not to rise to the challenge .
mate , given the millions of girls my own age in this city and throughout this amazing country , no i do nt fancy her .
bettina thought maybe this was because now that their children had less travel restrictions they all left the country to live and work , so these women were here preserving traditions and waiting for their babies to come home .
he had won gold for his country .
back in the country of his birth after twenty years away of overseas experience , or o.e .
and remember , you ll need to send the change of ownership papers in and get a licence to drive in this country .
perhaps my journey through your little town and , the wanderings through your country over the past two years were just to meet you .
nearly cost him his life fighting for his country and the people back home .
but that makes me think about all my good mates that died for all the good things , and all the good people we used to have in this country .
above the photos , the large highly polished bronze plaque read ; to our three local army padre heroes , all multiple recipients of commendations for outstanding bravery in different theatres of w.w.2 , for saving lives and souls serving both god and their country .
a man whose unflinching bravery and self - sacrifice earned him medals from two countries ; afghanistan and our country .
a man whose unflinching bravery and self - sacrifice earned him medals from two countries ; afghanistan and our country .
he saw much of the country that way but a part of him felt like a hypocrite because he knew those animals were going to get slaughtered .
these factories are also the number one groundwater polluter in the country .
food was proportionately cheaper and more plentiful when this country had thousands of small family farms .
instead , he paved the way for monsanto and big agro to take advantage of small farmers in this country and others because surprise !
dedication guyana is the only official english speaking country on the continent of south america .
with somewhere around seventy waterfalls , the south american country is mainly untouched .
pet made one final spin into her most favorite roomthe one in which she spent hours sewing for family , friends , neighbors , and even foreigners visiting the country on occasion .
this was not uncommon for families in their little country .
he was set to leave the south american country , but kept delaying because of his claim that this was the first woman to ever bewitch him .
this was her country , her guyana .
her latest release , jumping ship , is a dedication to her country of birth and an introductory novella to the island hopping series .
` ` if poor sir thomas were never to return , it would be consoling to see dear maria well married , '' she often thought ; always when they were in the company of men of fortune , particularly one young man who had recently succeeded to one of the largest estates in the country .
had she been tall , full formed , and fair , it might have been more of a trial : but as it was , there could be no comparison ; and she was allowably a sweet , pretty girl , while they were the finest young women in the country .
` ` smith 's place is the admiration of all the country ; and it was nothing before repton took it in hand .
` ` i shall understand all your ways in time ; but , coming down with the london maxim , that everything is to be got with money , i was a little embarrassed by the sturdy independence of your country customs .
their road was through a pleasant country ; and fanny , whose rides had never been extensive , was very happy in observing all that was new and pretty .
julia looked back , smiling , and spoke in the highest spirits : ` ` her view of the country was charming , she wished they could all see it , '' etc .
as if we were going to act three times a week , and invite all the country .
` ` if you are against me , i ought to distrust myself , and yet i can not let tom go riding about the country in quest of anybody who can be persuaded to act .
` ` this is the first october that she has ever passed in the country .
the value of an event on a wet day in the country was forcibly brought before her .
she feared for william ; by no means convinced by all that he could relate of his own horsemanship in various rough countries , that he was at all equal to the management of a high - fed hunter in an english fox - chase .
` ` she requires constant air and exercise , and ought never to be long banished from the free air of the country .
it ended in mrs . norris 's resolving to quit mansfield and devote herself to her unfortunate maria , in an establishment formed for them in another country , remote and private , where , shut up together with little society , on one side no affection , and on the other no judgment , it may be reasonably supposed that their tempers became their mutual punishment .
the cultural roots that defined the little family were lined up on shelves all over the living room ; pictures of queen and country , pictures of the war effort , all of stacys grandparents in the drab world war ii uniforms of soldiers and nurses .
when i came to this country i could nt believe that all anyone cared about , all anyone wanted was to have toys and fun .
live in a poor country like vietnam for a while and it will teach you to respect the opportunities that come with money .
by the following weekend the interminable storm had paralyzed the biggest city in the country so that the mayor was forced to ask the army to come in to deliver essential services .
there was something about watching toronto , the good and superior , trying to struggle to its feet in its heavy diaper of snow that the rest of the country seem to find truly enjoyable .
tom had received an email message from his friend charles who was with doctors without borders and tom explained how his doctor friend had been forced to run for his life from the bombing , running with the people on the roads , taking fire and treating wounds as the serbs shelled the lines of refugees being run out of their own country .
those who had energy last night are still recovering ; those who have it this morning are already on their way to the country .
a whole country of missing fathers , it must have been odd , back before 1914 when children all knew their fathers ; grew up knowing them i mean .
i know i am only seventeen myself , but i have to be mature and a working woman in order to do my duty to king and country .
so they have purchased a large circus tent and are going to tour the country to boost morale .
she is one of those making the sacrifice of being without a husband for the good of the country ; that is how the daily mail describes it anyway .
all there for king and country like we are .
i dare say such situations are repeated up and down the country ; women bringing up boys and girls alone in such a way .
why would , or should i show allegiance to a king and country or government that perpetuates such barbarity ?
but since , when i think of it as i can not help but do , i can not bring myself to feel pride for my country or any satisfaction , i simply feel guilt and a certain numbness .
i love my country but i no longer love what it is doing .
there must be places like that hospital hidden away all over the country .
he lan ( holland ) was a country approximately 7500 kilometers awayfar enough to be considered dead .
of those twenty - seven , fifteen were born in the country .
the summer in this new country was a mere 19c , compared to the 39c he was used to back home .
my grandparents say they come from a country of marble hills ; my mother just says they re from greece .
the very name of the country translates from the indian word for end of all lands , and its certainly true that no one passes through casually .
with literary heroes and nobel laureates like pablo neruda and gabriela mistral , and volcanoes by the names of pirepillan ( demon of the snow ) and petrohue ( land of the mists ) , its no surprise that the country has earned its place in the hearts of literature lovers .
from the most northern tip of the country , where the atacama desert , the driest part of the world , separates it from the rest of the americas , to the very south , which leads to the solitudes of antarctica , you have two very different worlds .
santiago locals are very curious about tourists , and the first thing they want to know is how much you love their country .
there i learned that it was not the bloody history of country that compelled people to speak so earnestly and passionately through verse but rather the land in which they lived , something that the rise of buildings and concrete had taken away from this part of the country .
there i learned that it was not the bloody history of country that compelled people to speak so earnestly and passionately through verse but rather the land in which they lived , something that the rise of buildings and concrete had taken away from this part of the country .
after a long pause , he spoke : night , snow , and sand make up the form of my thin country , all silence lies in its long line , all foam flows from its marine beard , and all coal covers it with mysterious kisses .
now i was going on a six - and - a - half week road trip across a foreign country with him .
you re going to see more of my country in six weeks than i ve seen in my whole life .
i could nt conceive of living a matter of hours from cities like new york and washington and chicago , miles from the border of a whole other country , and never wanting to leave , never even thinking to .
her dad had been in the service , the air force , and for many years they had traveled around the country trying to settle wherever he was stationed .
traveling throughout the country as a military wife had left little time for her to set up a practice and establish her name in a community but she had dealt quite extensively with the other military wives who suffered through trying times dealing with a military husband .
the summer nights in this country were short , but muggy .
these new circumstances brought with them , aloft in the muggy air , the pervading monition that an individual , immersed as he may be in the thrill of a new persona , must avoid becoming too consumed with this role , lest the role should , itself , succeed in consuming him ; mindful of such dangers , he paused briefly from his duties to catch his breath only to discover a procession of men trekking over a distant hilltop , carving into the elaborate stone pillars that lined it the edicts of a young and ambitious king whounbeknownst to the localshad long since laid claim to this land , declared as his subjects its peoples , and decreed , for the prosperity and tranquility of both , a series of severe religious and civil codes which , on transgression , bore devastating and horrific consequences ; adrift in his secret jealousies and mad yearnings , the sickened and hungry peasant fancied for himself a nature of kingly form , markedly different from that of the enviable totalitarian upon whom he spied : he constructed for himself from the substance of dream his own kingdom where he , too , could be the young and ambitious kingmuch younger , naturally , than he had been external to this whimsy and more ambitious than the implements at his disposal would allow him to be , for in the depths of his imagination , he could be afforded the luxury of forgetting his age and the fortitude to disentangle from the limitations imposed on him by this simple , passionless existence his unextinguished vigor , until he unleashed from within himself the capacity to reduce to dust and innocuous vibration all which had heretofore comprised his immediate circumstances , leaving in the lurch the diminishing residuum of that lurking phantom called time ; as this youthful , but unlikely sovereign , he ruled with utter malice and unquestionable self - interestas all autocrats shouldover a country made up not of men , nor of any other nature of hominian beast , but rather of blades of grass ; and as an embodiment of the grasses shared hopes and aspirations , his ascendancy to the throne was followed almost immediately by another inexplicable transformation , wherein he found himself assuming the shape of the grass itself , albeit , not in the form of a single , solitary blade , but as the whole of which all solitary blades must invariably become parts ; extended further in his fancy , he spread himself beyond the horizons to take on more topographical forms : those of pastures rolling into grass - stalked hills and smoothly - contoured valleys , oscillating upwards and then downwards , convexly then concavely , before descending finally to plainspunctuated by wild grasses , tangles of weeds , roots , and cohabitating mossesall of whom he forged together into a singular soul , a distinct and consolidated group consciousness which rippled passively in the traversing breeze ; if this was not enough , the idling and imaginative peasant was visited quite suddenly by the prospect of consociating with this amalgamated group awareness a realm with which he maintained a greater familiarity : the realm of man ; henceforth , he became the binding force of all social groups , the avatar of that shared pride and sense of belonging that formed the basis of all patriotism ; he became the collective search for meaning in the arts , the sciences , the humanities , and abidingly , in religion ; then he evolved once more : this time into an unquenchable sense of dread , a nagging lack of assurance brought on by those daunting remainders which purported themselves negligible in the face of their accompanying solutions , as though expecting one to ignore blatantly the ensuant implication that no answer could truly be whole ; he , thereupon , assumed the aspect of mathematical determinism , which compelled him rigidly and fastidiouslyas though overwrought by a newfound strain of numeric cynicismto seek to reduce all known quantities to nihility ; accordingly he came to languish in a fresh despair and he descended like a twirling , swaying feather back to the safer and more comfortable sphere of anti - intellectual curiosity , as he wiped sweat from his brow and proceeded once more to till the fields .
about a century earlier , a political revolution had forced these men and their families into exile from the primitive excesses of their now - dissolved country and brought them to converge on the peaceful , yet bucolic settlement of yami ( which , through partition , thereupon became its own independent city - state ) .
quite recently , the village had been visited by a group of nomads ( who could scarcely be called true nomads , as they were in possession of nearly identical features to those of the yamiansconceivably , they were just a semi - nomadic and pastoral clan of merchants , from the same dissolved country as the yamians , who now wandered the countryside on a cyclical trek from province to province ) .
of course , rare exceptions were made in the case of illness , but this , too , could nt be faked easily , unless one maintained the resolve to affect an unkempt look and a fatigue - ridden speech pattern , sufficient enough to continue the pretense through the next few days of visits by neighbors bearing soups or herbal remedies and speaking in intolerably sympathetic tones of voice and prattling on about some relative or the other and how he or she had once become deathly ill , only to realize that the answer to his or her problems lay in the healing powers of some obscure herb whose name was difficult to pronounce , but which grew in some remote province of a country that no one in town had ever visited , therefore , justifying the possibility that it may be more effective than other , more commonly - known remedies .
he remembered from his early youth a skilled puppeteer who came to the court of blueberry from a far away land to perform folk tales from his own country .
you seem , in some odd way , both a composite of every culture imaginable and an embodiment of nil culture , almost as though nothing could penetrate deep enough to mold your mindset into a form resembling that of others in any known territory of the world : you appear somehow a man without a country , without an identity , without a home .
kaiiba is a small country approximately 2,000 miles to the east .
this country is all about profit .
in my senior year of high school , i had applied to a few colleges around the country , and as a result of my academic record and volunteer work , i was accepted into wellesley with a full scholarship .
you earned a scholarship to one of the best schools in the country .
chapter one three weeks earlier after the worst spring england had witnessed in over a centurymarked by torrential rains , swelled rivers , and flooded fields that destroyed entire cropsthe country was now frozen solid beneath a hostile blanket of crusty white snow .
it was true that in the past he had travelled , like his father , as if the world were a zoo , each new country an exotic enclosure full of strange and colourful animals with unpronounceable , forgettable names .
during the more mundane sections of the trip ( like the back country of ohio ) , we talked on the intercoms and came up with short story ideas .
indiana indiana was also amish country , a culture unto themselves .
he had nt been out to this country since boyhood .
anyway , the point is , that i am part of a proud tradition that includes the pharaohs and moses , and unsurprisingly , lots of penniless men shuffling around on the cuffs of their pants in cities across the country , but like all of them , i have a message , and it is this : your ancestors did nt invent santa claus because it was fun to trick kids .
here , in my city , a city that was once the heart of creation for the whole country .
i m no luddite , nor do i pine for an imaginary past that never existed in the first place , and at the same time that pittsburgh was teaming with people who created things with their hands , the lower half of the country was still covered in the pox of segregated bathrooms , and restaurants , and schools ... the memories of the good old days are a balm for people who want someone to blame , when we are all to blame .
there was a picture of mr . sullivan and , of course , it was the same gary sullivan who had sold his lamborghini to him at the other end of the country two days before .
one of the light , mediterranean countries .
the t.v.s were all tuned to a news channel which showed fighting in a desert country .
is germany his favourite country ?
germany , greatest country on the planet .
you know he fought the entire country just to ensure the happiness of his family , of us .
in his own country plagued by revolution and corruption , his grandma said .
he was rolling a foreign coin along the table with one long index finger , the country of origin unknown to carlos .
odds they kick us out of the country today ?
the thought of going to rhodesia did not appeal to either one of them , though for peter , the growing possibility of a month in a war - torn country was a terrifying proposition .
why are you loafing around this country ?
where else have you been in my country ?
have you worked in this country ?
chad added , its been a chance to see a different country .
he said , we have more and more of you young upstarts coming into our country , coming here thinking they can bring their communist garbage , thinking they know better , thinking they will save the kaffirs .
you are to leave this country today , and you shall never return to south africa .
they would indeed have to leave the country ... immediately .
peters heart quickened ; going to a war - torn country was not an adventure he had bargained for .
chad shook his head and bit his lower lip as he tried to picture the african continent , okay , but what country in southern africa ?
simon laughed again and patiently stated , south africa is a country the republic of south africa , the southernmost nation on the continent .
chad and peter did their best to satisfy his curiosity but both felt they revealed more ignorance of their own country than they had imagined they possessed .
we ca nt just go waltzing into a foreign country and loaf around for a whole year .
simon asked me to go to south africa and stay with him , see the country .
the other sister lived in beirut , lebanon , for a year , studying at the american university of beirut , during a time when the country was in full - fledged civil war .
he wanted to ask , is this country really safe ?
townships are places the bantus live , but they re scattered all over the country .
this was not his country , and he should not judge the nuances , the protocol , and the expectations of simons homeland .
an entire country , all at once , discovered the joy of television and is already entranced by its seductive nature .
they know its a great country facing some problems .
in our country , there are twenty or more tribal peoples amongst the bantus .
we whites , english , afrikaner , and and the blacks , indians , colored we all love this country .
i believe most south africans are scared of losing what we have here , of losing our great country .
let me tell you , in no way could the kaffirs excuse me , the bantus , rule this country .
the various bantu tribes would then have their own country and self - rule .
fact : no black government has had a prosperous country .
show me one prosperous country where there has been black rule .
he tries to make the world believe this is a war - torn country , but you are here .
with curiosity satisfied , the patrons returned to their important matters of complaining , gossiping , flirting , jesting , or decrying the precarious state of their beloved country .
schools across the country protested , but the bloody decree was already in place .
lest this great country of ours be lost .
when is the right time for black rule in your country ?
he would have assumed that a desire to stand in solidarity against such oppression drew them to his country .
then , they called out to god , praying for the church that shared so generously , crying out for their community and their country , and imploring god to grant safety , peace , and change .
he watched the lights of the city fading : a city vibrant and alive , a city that declared the greatness of this country .
it is recommended you bring all belongings and arrange with your airline for flights out of the country it was signed by the sekretaresse van die binnelandse sake ( secretary for the interior ) .
this country , this land , held too much promise to leave now .
mr . peinkorsky took the stamped papers and issued others that would not flag peter and chad as renegades too dangerous to reenter their beloved country .
they have nt been told they are subhuman , and they can be at home in their own country , their own skin .
amanda added , god has no problem using a gun in this country .
were terrible at it , but it is a wonderful diversion from the reality of living in a war - torn country .
we are inviting you to join with us , to give us support , to offer your money , your food , and your honored children to fight for our great leader and for our great country .
i ask for you to pray for me , for our people , for our country .
peter and chad decided to ignore the unrelenting conversations of ambushes and attacks in remote areas of the country .
i am not hitchhiking in this or any other country .
i m not going run out of money and get stuck penniless in a foreign country .
he swallowed his pride , smiled , and got in the back seat , thankful that his father would never have to know he had stooped to hitchhiking and in a war - torn country halfway around the world , no less .
for now , our concern is with my country , my zimbabwe .
hundreds of scared white families are leaving this country every week .
he continued , i understand that mr . daley has no relatives in the area , in the country ?
i do nt know what you re doing in this godforsaken , goddamn country anyway .
this country would hold a special place in their hearts not because of the wonders they had seen , but because of the people that had touched them : whites and blacks in love with their homeland , ready to die in it and for it ; the individuals and families who faced death and terror daily , while holding their heads high ; the grieving and hurting people determined to believe that the goodness in human nature would not be extinguished by the delusions of evildoers .
i m not a racist just because i m not out to change things here , because i m happy working with white people , because i enjoy this country as - is .
in their addresses , roger and dumisani lauded the growing protest across the country but called for restraint .
i love your country , ole bean , i really do .
but its your country , not mine .
this is a wild country , simon .
melissa , you have been born and brought up in america and this country has been a great model of modernity and scientific ideas .
they re from back east in our country , a part where we ve never been , but its a good thing , too , that we have nt .
they are going to grow up to be a bunch of terrible americans who will ruin this great country ... run !
meredith liked to think that we were of another place , the edge of our country , the farthest removed you could be physically and culturally from the power centers of the east coast .
we were of a place somewhat comfortable with its neighbor , mexico , when the rest of the country had absorbed little of their culture .
and that peanut butter had to be grown in a field way down in the south in some of the darkest , richest soil in this great country of america with an old tractor that had probably seen some better days and that tractor had to plow that dark rich soil on a cold dawn and ill bet it broke down six times before that field was ever plowed correctly for peanut planting and you better believe that every line that tractor lay down was straight or that farmer would have plowed the field over , right smack dab from the start , and that was where the peanuts were planted by the wrinkled hands of an old southern gentleman -- who knows his name , because i m the only one who s listening to this gall darned story and really interested in the way real things are made in this world ! -- and those peanuts had to be dug out of the ground when they were ready to be harvested and those peanuts had to be washed in a great big tub and those peanuts had to be trucked across the continent and those peanuts had to be run on assembly lines until they hardly knew who they were any more and they had to be roasted in a great , hot oven , and this is also what your swiss relatives did in indiana to make a living , roasting peanuts , so hot that people had to be checking its gauges and valves night and day in case it got too hot and exploded those peanuts and the whole factory with it , hotter than billy - be darned , and then those peanuts that you are dropping on ants so carelessly had to be dumped into hoppers to be mixed up in a great big vat and poured into a glass and a label had to be stuck onto it and it had to be boxed and it had to be trucked all the way out here to arizona from a factory in chicago at great expense and trouble and now you re about to feed it to an ant .
it was a problem for the country with all those sick people .
he wanted it run out of the country , run off the face of the earth .
sure , changes were needed , but why make out that our country was bad .
land bigger than you ll see in most countries .
i had no pity for them , for their obvious distress and dislocation , and if they did nt relish the dirt lots of our part of the country i wanted them to quiet about it , to stop discussing the other places with their green lawns , to stop dumping colored gravel on the desert , and i could nt forgive them for still wanting to be what they once had been .
many a lost mine exists and the ore in there , or i suppose you mean the taxes , would certainly help the country .
behind this veil , the flag bearers , stiffened by patriotism and the bandannas that bind their necks , suffer trials to maintain the dignity of the flag of our country .
you see there is a most fascinating carved bean which has come all the way to arizona from the continent of asia and the country of india .
you do learn some fascinating things when you travel to the far western regions of the country and especially when you visit this most wonderful state of arizona .
we did nt give a hoot about any dumb old eastern states or anybody who lived in them nor did we care anything about them ; they were just dumb old places that tried to rule the whole country all the time and succeeded , much to our frustration and growing feelings of cultural impotence .
they do nt call our state the big sky country , another state got that name , because our sky is big , maybe bigger than any other , but its so damn packed with these cattle flying around you could nt call such a crowded place big , could you ?
the itinerary took jason in a sweeping arc from luxembourg up through the scandinavian countries then backtracking through southern germany , switzerland and italy .
no , i do nt mean the country .
he came to this country from algeciras in southern spain .
after they ve dragged your familys good name through the mud , you may want to change religions or move back to your native country of origin .
but then , someone might see george wiener kissing an attractive black girl and he would have to relocate to another part of the country , abandon scenic new england altogether .
within its walls are a thousand red rose bushes which never cease to bloom , and each time a child is born in our lineage , which has spread in many branches through all the countries of the world , a new bud sprouts from the leaves .
at the same time he says were all buddies in a foreign country so polly raised her eyebrows and jerked her head sideways as if to disclaim the idea .
he edited one of the two local papers and travelled regularly to both countries where they had relatives .
a barely perceptible lift of the eyebrows or a jerk of the head constituted the language medium except for one or two vocal disgruntled customers who received a letter marked , received by the post office opened in the country of origin which he understood from his work colleagues was code for this mail has been opened by the post office here hoping to find banknotes .
he looked for his guide book to find out more and read out some facts : the young scot and his family had come to this country to relieve his symptoms of tuberculosis and he had won the affection of many of the local people apparently , before dying suddenly at his home at the foot of the mountain .
semese was amused at this declaration of independence and said that , as an even smaller entity his country had an uphill battle to do the same .
what is your home country ?
she did nt have the energy to enter into a debate about consumerism but simply said , this is a beautiful country .
robert had disposed of the detritus of their feast and he was sitting looking expectantly at her ; there was a lot that neither of them knew about the others past in a different country .
if i stay in this country long enough i might start to fear ghostly presences too , he thought .
lucky remembered his arrival in the country in the evening and going along the airport road he witnessed a wake in one of the open fales .
i hope its worth the effort - i ve been thinking - it wo nt be any use outside of this country .
min was tempted to explain to dinah how it had come about but instead she said simply , a lucky man from a lucky country .
the medical staff was made up of overseas doctors and overseas - trained local ones who had returned home with a sense of dedication to their country .
the teachings of the missionaries were successfully blended into the chiefly structure so that a twin authority was formed and made physically manifest in the huge churches towering over every village throughout the country .
min was half cross and half amused by the collectivisation of the diverse and scattered countries which were mostly unknown to his compatriots , unless they had fought in the pacific during the second world war .
michael said that each country made its own rules and australian volunteers - of which he was one - were certainly allowed to buy cars , while the americans had to use pushbikes and the japanese had motorbikes .
our family is no exception but were glad that eturasi has decided to stay in this country .
she was curious to know why polly had come to the country when she lived in the richest country in the world , so polly had to revert to english to explain that her countrys very self - sufficiency had made her curious about the rest of the world .
she was curious to know why polly had come to the country when she lived in the richest country in the world , so polly had to revert to english to explain that her countrys very self - sufficiency had made her curious about the rest of the world .
she was curious to know why polly had come to the country when she lived in the richest country in the world , so polly had to revert to english to explain that her countrys very self - sufficiency had made her curious about the rest of the world .
is it your wife here in our country ?
although he had not been to a wedding in his home country the image of a traditional japanese wedding was clear in his mind : heavy robes , white makeup and a semblance of puppetry .
that would be very good because his sister would be nervous about travelling to an unknown country and he had already told her about his english teacher .
i ve thought of leaving the country but i do nt want to go back to america .
there seems to be an assumption that a person from a so - called developed country is ipso facto , a developed sort of character with the requisite skills .
they both knew what had prompted the decision to arrange for jupeli to leave the country but were reluctant to voice their thoughts .
i agree with him to a large extent because i think some europeans are inclined to have a born - to - rule mindset and when some of the no - hopers find themselves in an underdeveloped country they throw their weight around .
she was beginning to feel more like a white outcast in this country of brown and tawny sun - resistant flesh and yvonne seemed to read her mind when she told her that she thought she was not a happy person .
in all roberts time in the country he had never met this man and this was unusual in such a small bureaucracy .
i fell in love with what this country had to offer me and whenever things have gone a bit haywire i ve remembered that spot .
help was starting to come in from other countries and there would be a need for distribution to outlying areas once the roads had been cleared .
what was different in this time was access to help from beyond the country itself .
she was asked to speak on behalf of the expatriate staff and she acknowledged the loss of potential for the families and for the country as a whole .
* * * * * * true to his word , semese lautusi had rallied his friends over a period of months with the intention of reuniting them and celebrating the friendship forged in the warm pacific country where he still lived and worked .
i wish i could help monique but i m at one end of the country and shell be at the other .
what sin do you wish me to commit by allowing my mother to make travels to her native country ?
both parts of the country were struggling for their independence .
there may not be another opportunity to allow the transfer , for his departure from the country is merely in four days .
they quickly plotted a design to enable the englishman to meet the girl discreetly , for it was not common custom in this country for men and women to converse openly under the witness of onlookers .
the country is in a pitiful state .
but how was he to discuss those quiet fires that burn within the women of the country .
this was certainly not the first country warring to become an independent nation .
the country has changed very much since you left it .
dhadhi has not visited her native country since marriage brought her to england .
it has taken twenty - two years to make her first visit to bangladesh , despite her close roots to the country .
dhadhi did not want to lie to her son , whereas her mother could not let two women of vulnerable age go to another country , and that too unsupervised .
introducing sam , jill , and mayah to her native country was her primary task .
she had hoped that eventually her son would birth an attachment to the country where half of his origin belonged .
in a country , where womens honour can be at stake by keeping connections with men of no relation , she was here spending the night with two male strangers .
the two englishmen will not see another night in this country .
standing here , in this hectic crowd of an unknown country , her confidence found good reason to falter .
so far , his features indicated strongly that his roots are associated to this country , yet she could not make of his language .
i have been so long away from my country that i forgot the depths people stoop for money .
it seems futile to expect positive change here , despite the country attaining a new identity and independence .
being one of the chief architects of a renowned firm , she appreciated that her brother can not be easily disposed to attend family matters in another country .
the prospect of prosperity in the country is bitterly low .
the practice of sending sons to foreign cities in the hope of earning an income for their family was common in the country .
there are many children in the country , who suffer the same fate as his .
he needed to make his separation from his country worth her tears .
parents are no less willing to barter their daughters in the hope that she may settle into a western country .
he has been away from his country for over twenty years , but every time he comes to visit , he hears the same news or witnesses the same story .
the country has remained unchanged .
this is the country , he says at length , sounding desolate , belonging to disloyal nationals , who on the hope of betterment elsewhere neglect the improvement of their own here .
she did not seek prosperity or financial gain in her decision to divide from her country .
she was not disloyal to her country or relations , but she can not overlook the sacrifices she made either .
job opportunity in this country is very scarce , and the little that was available , produced insufficient income .
at this rate , the progress of the country seemed highly unlikely .
the custom of the country is such that a girls dreams must shrink into mere imagination .
i have seen and heard many occurrences , where parents have taken drastic measures to send their child to another country .
the government is here to better the inhabitants life , not surrender them to another country .
the more they lose , the more of the country they have to themselves .
seeing such disadvantaged infrastructure of the country , she recalled the comments that commuters in uk passed .
a town somewhere in a wealthy western country has a famous shoe company , slarck .
for every worn pair of shoes our western beneficiaries donate , a third world country somewhere will receive a free exercise book and a pencil for one child .
indeed , she was becoming ever more confused to understand the truth of the country .
her experiences in the country have taught her many approaches to persuasion , including the vital notes she took from the shahiraj of rajshahis seminar earlier on .
the appeal of the western country is such .
it is very rare to find girls of disability married in the country , but her husband married her despite the immobility of her legs .
once her heart is satisfied that her brother has forgiven her , she and mayah can return to their own home , bidding the harsh reality of the country .
indeed , salma had described each place in such mesmerising detail , that she could not help but want to visit before she returns to england , in spite of knowing the purpose of her visit to the country .
thus , she enquired after the value of thirty - three pence in this country , highly expecting it to be the average income needed for a stable living .
to improve young things , to instil betterment in the country , the government must invest accordingly into our future .
overcome by compassion , she agreed her mother - in - law and daughter to travel to a country they knew little about .
neither did he have any personal objection to the country from where his mother originated .
there was no doubt that the country was beautiful , but the people are not the equal .
with these traits , she has gone to an unknown country , where most people are like ammas brother .
two lonely women , impulsive and thoughtless , are staying in a country where the people will not hesitate to take advantage of their being tourists .
they will then leave the country or village forever to settle away from their families .
people of dhaka took to various rallies to voice the unjustness of politics in the country .
when she consoled her heart that the country has not quite reached the standard of the developed world , she recalls the landlords improved situation .
to improve his life , he left the country and settled permanently somewhere else .
he has achieved betterment , but the country has not .
if everyone leaves the country , then who will help this country ?
there is no dearth of talent in the country .
he is the living evidence of defeat against this country 's poverty .
unfortunately , the girl was in a country that will test her faith in humanity .
you followed the books , he dutifully explains , but you see , here , in this illiterate country , books are of no value .
he has a network of contacts across the country .
this was the business district of the city , by the country 's standard , milling with people , traffic , and pollution .
the shahiraj of rajshahi even bought her an international calling card so she could call home , despite the strong possibility that they may be in this country .
his concerns were always the governance of his country , and the life of its inhabitants .
man must run the country as a woman runs her household , he continues .
this meant that they had received the text message , which she sent the night before she and dhadhi were due to depart the country .
she advised them to email her as soon as they have a date to revisit the country , for she lost her phone and was staying with jameel dhadha again .
shockingly , she was enjoying every twist and turn of her adventure in the country .
it was no wonder that they aspire to leave the country all together .
man is not only helpless here in this country .
suddenly , she recalls her fathers arguments , which reasoned against their visit to the country .
her husband always said she would come back to her mother country .
she has not had a room to herself since arriving to this country .
this country is not for people of your innocence .
how are you finding your first visit to the country ?
dhadhi and taxi first met at the airport , on the very first day of their arrival to the country .
she must remind the girl of the etiquette of this country .
natural grace a womans body knows the struggle hands deep in the soil know the same there s a wisdom that warfare lends to the soul and then selflessly draws back again but none of these touch or even come close to the lovely you look on this night more than a likeness to dawn or new birth just the moment the whole world went quiet a curly - haired boy , my son plays in the sand his mother knows his story by heart i was parking the car but there was no space so i earned a ticket and heard a dog bark its really not news to say ' this country is dead ' or to hear a pure saint curse the light but it was nt like anything i ever heard sung just the moment the whole world went quiet there s a grace in the way the tide tumbles down this grace you ca nt trace , not at all not even a prayer you can point to or say since she kisses you after the fall so it happened that i was not hungry or angry not dreaming abyss or great height just sitting there idle , loving and laughing the moment the whole world went quiet a father 's farewell if they leave you alone to compose this song thank the good lord for everything gone wrong like the loss of your wife the dream of girls and boys in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice if they throw you a bone and say , ' go break a leg ' pretend for them my friend that you were born to beg then laugh until it 's true ' life is nothing more than toys ' in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the bloodbath if the bullets are made of gold when the best you can do in all the world is orgasm and grow old and that 's hardly as lovely as learning how to fly in that day my son be glad that you can die then if your artwork strikes back screams just like a bitch and in spite of your silent prayers you get filthy rich well that 's alright too sometimes god likes to make noise in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice but when your hand starts to wither and your nightmares remark ` ` the human race is only hopeful when left out in the dark '' remember our conversations as if you really had a choice in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the forest if the forest is pure flame when the least of these in heaven walk tall and without shame and that 's so much sweeter than learning how to cry in that day be glad my son you will never have to die all the time it would be nice to know what i did wrong since i m trying to sing your favorite song but you never shoot straight from the hip so pin your lips with butter clips pretend were on the up and up ill love you till its time to start again but if i mispronounce the place where i first saw your face or confuse you with another or a dog pardon me , i m not all here and i do nt know the meaning of fear i tell it like it is all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your death and dancing never suited us like making love on the bus bumping where we should of learned to fly so you said you were happier in the midst of the blur brought on by a drug and something else but when we tried to recreate the event at the end of the night we were all spent then we both agreed it could never be the same still we tried time and again until the beginning of the bitter end and crying i laughed you to sleep all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your life and hate and fear and hope and lust and trusting all that never was waiting in vain for what had come and gone rocking to the melody but no longer just in our sleep we both sang deep and let let it be all of the time all of the time all of the time you 're nothing more than a shadow of my dream sour grapes you give me a vineyard , babe i 'll give you a grape you give me a kiss , just then i may love you all my days i do n't mean to suggest that that was a test i ' m simply trying to invest in what i know is safe because i gave my last lass my last dime and that dame left the state before i became irate sour grapes but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you give me a drum roll , darling i 'll bust a rhyme out on your beat clap your hands , laugh , stamp and dance then i must admit i ' ve been left with two left feet and my dancing days are through sour grapes girl i thought you knew but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you keep up that drum roll , baby i do n't mind if you do although i ' m deaf , dumb and mute i can see - and you 're so cute the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint but my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes so you can clip my toenails , lady if i can pull out your hair and i 'll give you a flower , lover if you pull out a mirror and point it here at my face because you know what i love and you know that i like sour grapes and we can rub - a - dub - dub in my bathtub tonight if you meet me here at my back porch at my back door you see it 's raining down cats and dogs and i ' m not too hip on getting wet but i can see you ' ve already been bit by a rabid dog in a maddened fit but when you arrive only knock twice because i might be asleep and you know what i want and you know that i need - beauty , beauty , beauty beauty and the beast the bitterness we all must reap in the name of love but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint still my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes let me talk to you today about the pharisee one who desires to be free but refuses to take or break the bread for conscience sake for who knows what his hands might have touched or where the woman sitting next to him might have been let me talk to you today about the young republican burning , burning with rage on the right side of the stage dancing the witches ' sabbath with flaming virgins and old maids chanting , ' sour - sour - sour - grapes ' the kind of game we all must play in the name of blood blind - blind - blind man 's bluff where good is never bad enough still the cynics say , ' so what ? '
she had always wanted to travel outside the country , and she has done it .
three years later jaime came back like jo would return to the country eleven years later in a coffin .
everyday somewhere in the country , a child is abducted , killed , or has wandered off .
its not an underdeveloped country .
i went to the university of new mexico because i was very interested in native american and latin american cultures at the time , and they had the only program in the country that offered a dual degree in international business and latin american studies .
this is a very conservative part of the country and they just are nt used to people who are nt god - fearing , predictable conformists .
its no different than what the military does to pows when they brainwash them to turn against their home country .
you re so anxious to kill a man , why are nt you over in europe fighting for our country ?
they told him he would probably fly planes for his country .
have you seen those high voltage power lines that cross the country ?
many bodies to consider in a grocery store , holding a frozen box of some meal of something that was supposed to be made by real immigrants or their children from wherever the country was that was supposed to have come up with that dish , the person chose a check - out lane based upon the general attractiveness of the checker and those already in line .
honey and i sold our computer engineering business in san francisco four years earlier , took a huge life turn to the country , and purchased this dying vineyard .
they re takin over this country , all right .
out of the hundreds of thousands of abortions that happen in this country every year , i was one of about a dozen babies supposedly ' aborted ' by this doctor , that had a very unexpected second chance !
but such is the state of the law in this country . ''
an antiquated soviet engine hauled this train , which on a daily basis moved passengers over a thousand miles between the two poles of this linear country .
she was unprepared for a run - in with the law in a foreign country .
ana would really appreciate the opportunity to meet other people from her country , but she had to decline .
this is not our country .
you guys just moved to a foreign country and all .
its hard to believe that vietnam is the second largest coffee - exporting country in the world .
i had not visited another country before i came to nha trang .
when he was about to step on the gangway he had decided to take a last look of his beloved country while his feet were still on his motherland .
she knew that she had to leave him , but the prospect of being homeless in a foreign country was much more frightening .
coz your average retard who would happily consume his pizza in through the wrong hole just to sleep with the likes of yo freaking bigger retard is , by the way , the richest demographic in our country with the most disposable income , said nakul , realizing every bit that he had become inappropriately angry on a topic as petty as this .
panasia had diligently hired from the best b - schools in the country but there were rumors lately that some of the selected candidates had not joined panasia .
music , in fact , was a common bond between people from different parts of the country .
people from the northeastern part of this country were born with a guitar in their hands .
all company matters in this dreary country , she said curtly .
his old love of universal history made him want to study in foreign countries , following in imagination the travelling students of the middle ages .
at breakfast - time we all look forward to seeing her come in ; and we listen to her as if she were a native from a new country .
and i m for the old maxim , a mans country is where he s well off .
for the same reason that the cleverest men in the country do nt get themselves or their ideas into parliament , said the ready pash ; because the blockheads are too many for em .
but my father had been in various countries .
he travelled to many countries , and he was bitterly against our people losing themselves among the gentiles ; its no better , said he , than the many sorts of grain going back from their variety into sameness .
talents like mine are no use in this country .
i ve been to no mans land and a mortally unpleasant country it is .
the country would be a banishment while you are here , said deronda , rising and walking round the room , while he made a fan of his handkerchief .
i am going to the east to become better acquainted with the condition of my race in various countries there , said deronda , gently , and anxious to expand on impersonal reasons .
i boarded that plane , flew all the way across the country , got a cab and found my way to your hospital roomand not once did i see anyone , armed or threatening or pleading or begging , not anyone forcing me to come .
when we arrived in country , they brought us to base along a heavily guarded military corridor that was devoid of any signs of damage or destruction .
well , us i guesshis comrades , his regiment , his country .
february 26 its hard enough for a christianeven a long - lapsed one like yours trulyto navigate the ethical minefield ( a loaded metaphor in this setting , to be sure ; but an intentional and accurate one ) of serving here , a predominantly muslim , and hostile , country .
whatever our short - term means or methods might be ( and the u.s . army , not to mention our civilian administrators , have caused plenty of mayhem in their quest for stability ) , i genuinely believe that all of the in - country servicemen and women ( not including the occasional section 8 psycho ) want to improve the situation in this country and the plight of its long - suffering citizens .
whatever our short - term means or methods might be ( and the u.s . army , not to mention our civilian administrators , have caused plenty of mayhem in their quest for stability ) , i genuinely believe that all of the in - country servicemen and women ( not including the occasional section 8 psycho ) want to improve the situation in this country and the plight of its long - suffering citizens .
and we want to do this perhaps in some small part because its the right thing to do , the moral thing to do ; perhaps to some slightly greater degree to make amends for the harm our country has caused to the iraqi people .
all of which is a convoluted preface to my main question for the dayif its morally complicated for a christian to do good in a muslim country that does nt want them there and where they may be called by their god to destroy the infidel ( either now or later ) , then just how morally complicated , if not outright illogical , is it for a jew to serve here and strive to save its citizens ?
being in a muslim country and dependent on many muslim workers , godor their word , allahis invoked in my hearing hundreds of times a day , from their names ( myriad versions of allah ) to their greetings and farewells to their fatalism ( which they call faith ) as evidenced by the endlessly implored god willing , when history endlessly indicates that he ( or she or it ) is so rarely willing to fulfill any of our desires or expectations or calls for fundamental fairness and care .
but it was only after i picked up my life and came across country to care for him that i felt entitled and ready to respond to that communication .
his dad had told him that the view across the valley from the top of box hill was one of the best in the country .
` ` yeah , it kind of has a dual meaning '' wells continued : ` ` extradition obviously means when someone is forcibly removed from one country to another , and that kind of ties in with the way i feel about this country right now ; that it 's become this new thatcher - ite state that i have no say in .
it 's like i ' ve been expelled from the country i grew up in .
now , she was once again major cormun , a soldier deployed to fight for her country .
and to my country .
this contribution to our great country shall not be overlooked .
as their rapport sits stagnant , jim takes the many empty moments to reflect favorably on his past with his wife and children and service to his country .
like my martha used to say ( i still call her my martha even though its going on fifteen years we ve been divorced ) , we all like to watch a bit of tv each night , have lunch at mcdonald 's once or twice a week , go shopping at the mall and see the people , talk about last nights ballgame or what the hollywood stars are doing in bed to each other , and generally participate in the culture of our great country .
you came into this country an illegal alien and have multiplied like jack rabbits .
the suns spotless shine carries on its daily golden way to the arabian countries .
today , he was designing a new country where children could grow up in peace .
they blamed rick for taking her away to be a hippie to new mexico , a place that some of her parents friends thought was another country .
we need to break the stalemate that is keeping this country stuck .
the only way to break in was to play small clubs around the country and develop a following .
nik remembered grampa joe watching cars blowing up in a country called the middle east .
the only drawback would be staying in illinois , which had changed to a foreign country since she her childhood .
beth recoiled at the memory of that terrible day when the whole country cried .
millions of syrian children who had started school just weeks ago were fleeing the country .
were making connections around the country .
vince fanucci is running marathons all over the country to raise money for the isidore plotkin scholarship foundation .
i have parted ways with the nra , mr . murphy said , and will devote myself to common sense gun laws in this country .
the end war in a beautiful country a novel by patricia ryan war in a beautiful country c. copyright , 2014 , patricia ryan , new york city smashwords edition this ebook is licensed and free to you for your personal enjoyment only .
the end war in a beautiful country a novel by patricia ryan war in a beautiful country c. copyright , 2014 , patricia ryan , new york city smashwords edition this ebook is licensed and free to you for your personal enjoyment only .
contents war in a beautiful country dear reader prologue it was easy enough to pull off and difficult enough to be exciting .
even though -- like most new yorkers -- regina often hated living here , it always took her by surprise how violently she loved this cityhow new york was not only her city , but her country , her race , her sex , her religion .
angela preferred to think of it as war in a beautiful country .
and would some clerk on the phone in a cubicle in god knows what state or foreign country even know if they were hers and came from idaho ?
she was glad she was not in some poor country where just simple living was impossible and disability was death or worse .
chapter twenty i need to talk to you walker said to nina over the phone , butlisteni do nt want to get your sisters hopes upso you have to promise not to tell her about this.i need you to come to the station house and look at mug shots to see if you recognize anyonefrom suspected bombers in other caseswho might have been in her vicinity but the threats came from all over the country .
but who would have thought that instead of just making license plates or doing prison laundry , well - behaved inmates also had technology jobs , processing the personal information of ordinary citizens across the country .
at first they were impersonal , coming from all over the country .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ as punishment for my misspent youth , i m doing time in cubicle country .
he s in the afterglow of their twenty - four hour fling , their relationship consummated ( thrice ) as well as consecrated : harveys gift was buying a ton of cigarette paper ; williams gift via his dad was a handsome check with enough wrapping material to do in a small country .
among adult americans sterling is the 895th most popular name in the country ( according to a name database of college educated men and women ) , which made the little s.p .
just the parents toy budget in the state is certainly larger than the gdp of some small african country , a fact , however intuitive , sterling could unfortunately not empirically establish .
in a world awash in democracies , these ideas will not disappear from the planet even if in a given country they go underground for a time so that corrupt parties might be disbanded and an assembly of more civic minded individuals recruited for a provisional government that might influence an elected one .
from its shares in company wealth , the government will then pay stipends to unemployed and underemployed workers if these individuals engage themselves in volunteer work for charitable institutions and , from what is left over ( and as stipends , of course ) , to its rulers conscripted for the task of governing the country .
in that sense , this , my country , is more democratic than any in the west , and in that sense , democracy and anarchy are closely aligned .
division and birth of something new is always commenced by such interregnums of accidental severances and growth conflated with other exigencies ( species in descent with modification,60the masticated , fishy severing of the limb of a starfish , the beating of a boy that causes him to run away , jump over a fence at an airport , hide in the wheel well of an airplane , and begin life anew in a new land , the tax rebellion of the american colonial insurrectionists wanting , but not wanting to pay for , the french and indian wars aggravating tensions that lead to secession and a country , a global police force that now impedes other attempts at secession throughout the world , the burning down of ayuttaya that causes the burning up of the ersatz capital of bangkok , not to mention the accidents that created the universe , the earth , homo sapiens , and consciousness ) .
no , not in the land of smiles , nor anywhere else -- other societies and their institutions of camouflaged savagery , for that matter -- do humans want to know what they really are : the material aspirations and the fear of not having anything out of a life that make two people cling to each other for better and not for worse and have children , if they can have children , if the man in slapping his wife does not cause a miscarriage that maims her from ever having them in the future ( in developing countries like this one , the poorer they are the more venal the motivation as children exist for the purpose of taking care of the elderly parents , and the wealthier they are the more those children are a status symbol and an ongoing extension of themselves ) ; the fear of loneliness , especially in advancing years and diminishing physical attractiveness that causes a man to stay with his loud harridan , his ugly lizard ; the scurrying around to make money , some more , some less , but scurrying to ground a life that will eventually blow away like dust nonetheless ( inane abstractions in unwieldy written symbols of language his only means of possibly transferring some minute aspect of himself into the future , and of course his bequest more times than not rejected ) ; those smiles and that warm congeniality that he projects onto others , especially those in his line of business in the prospect of gain , with the more extroverted more eagerly complaisant , calling everyone a friend as there might be some point in which those scarcely known friends might be of some use to him ; a nondescript life used up as a social function of diminutive , even miniscule , unmeasurable significance that in consort assists contemporary , temporary man , and nothing more , paid , if he is lucky enough , money to sustain a comfortable existence , but when declared effete at sixty five and retired , knowing unequivocally , that beyond his ejaculate , he has contributed nothing of permanence into the world ( even the roman emperor claudius no longer having presence and his histories no longer extant in the world78never was , tacitus annals of imperial rome79having lost sections or gained redactions , is merely a half reality in human existence , and after human existence he will be nothing , and king ramkamhaeng with his supposed likeness on a grassy mound in the center of the university accredited as having formed the written language of thai although this is completely erroneous , so the image that is revered is not really ramkamheang himself ) ; and all denying impermanence , so as to pursue roles and personal functions that will make them feel solid and omnipotent , and happy for a time .
and , to celebrate , all the men in the entire country started playing baseball .
throughout the country , minor league teams were dropping like flies .
bananas might be a suitable image for a novel from a central american country , yes , the proverbial banana republic .
the handbill notes the appearance of a renowned story - teller , whose skills in the art of the spoken word are apparently ' legendary in his home country ' .
the may crisis of 1938 was a false alarm caused by rumors that czechoslovakia would be invaded the weekend of the municipal elections in that country , erroneous reports of major german troop movements along the czechoslovak border just prior to the elections , the killing of two ethnic germans by the czechoslovak police , and ribbentrop 's highly bellicose remarks to henderson when the latter asked the former if an invasion was indeed scheduled for the weekend , which led to a partial czechoslovak mobilization and firm warnings from london against a german move against czechoslovakia before it was realized that no invasion was intended for that weekend .
finally , as a result of intense french , and especially british diplomatic pressure , czechoslovakian president edvard bene unveiled on 5 september 1938 , the ` ` fourth plan '' for constitutional reorganization of his country , which granted most of the demands for sudeten autonomy made by henlein in his karlsbad speech of april 1938 , and threatened to deprive the germans of their pretext for aggression .
polands terrain was well suited for mobile operations when the weather cooperated the country had flat plains with long frontiers totaling almost 5,600 kilometers ( 3,500 mi ) , polands long border with germany on the west and north ( facing east prussia ) extended 2,000 kilometers ( 1,250 mi ) .
the west plan did permit the polish armies to retreat inside the country , but it was supposed to be a slow retreat behind prepared positions and was intended to give the armed forces time to complete its mobilization and execute a general counteroffensive with the support of the western allies .
another third were massed in the north - central part of the country , between the major cities of d and warsaw .
soviet diplomacy claimed that they were protecting the ukrainian and belarusian minorities of eastern poland since the polish government had abandoned the country and the polish state ceased to exist .
the main goals of the invasion were to secure the ports and ore fields , with narvik as a priority , and to establish firm control over the country to prevent collaboration with the allies .
another matter that caused additional rework of the plan was fall gelb , the proposed invasion of northern france and the low countries , which would require the bulk of german forces .
the danish army was small , ill - prepared and used obsolete equipment but resisted in several parts of the country ; most importantly , the royal guards located at amalienborg palace in copenhagen , and forces in the vicinity of haderslev in south jutland .
hitler ordered a conquest of the low countries to be executed at the shortest possible notice .
he had assumed that the conquest of the low countries could be quick and cheap , but as it was presented , it would be long and difficult .
the supreme commander of the french army , maurice gamelin , suggested during that month that the allies should take advantage of the fact that germany was tied up in poland by occupying the low countries before germany could .
the first step he took was to propose the escaut variant as an option for plan d ( the codename for an advance into the low countries ) .
the luftwaffe was assured air superiority over the low countries .
unknown to many at the conference , further aid would be granted by rashid ali al - gaylani , prime minister of iraq , who had opened communications with germany , through italy , asking for aid in an iraqi uprising against the british presence in country .
the immediate plans of iraqs new leaders were to refuse further concessions to the united kingdom , to retain diplomatic links with fascist italy and publicly reopen ties with germany , and to expel most prominent pro - british politicians from the country .
yet when reinforcements were requested by those few british forces in country , their request was rejected by air officer commanding in the middle east sir arthur longmore .
the german nazi - ideologist alfred rosenberg suggested that conquered soviet territory should be administered in the following reichskommissariats : ostland ( the baltic countries and belarus ) ukraine ( ukraine and adjacent territories ) , kaukasus ( southern russia and the caucasus area ) , moskau ( moscow metropolitan area and the rest of european russia ) turkestan ( central asian republics and territories ) ral ( central and south ural and nearest territories , created from planned east russian european territorial reorganization ) west sibirien ( future west siberia and novosibirsk held lands ) nordland ( soviet arctic areas : west nordland ( russian european north coasts ) and ost nordland ( northwest siberian north coasts ) german policy aimed to destroy the soviet union as a political entity in accordance with the geopolitical lebensraum idea ( drang nach osten ) for the benefit of future german generations in the centuries to come .
these determinations were to result , within a twenty year time line , in the removing of all unwanted slavic strains and placing the country fully under german control .
in most of the occupied countries , jews were rounded up and deported en masse , and anyone who lived in or identified with the jewish community in a given place was regarded as a jew .
luther from the foreign office urged caution in scandinavia , nordic countries where public opinion was not hostile to the small jewish populations and would react badly to unpleasant scenes .
this land , this country , this nation was built by our people , the dutch , through blood , toil , tears , and sweat .
south africa joins the axis just as britain was struggling to push back german forces in india as well as to restore order , south africa made the shocking announcement that they were declaring themselves a republic , withdrawing from the commonwealth , interring all british soldiers within their borders , seizing all british property in the country , and then proceeded to invade swaziland , basutoland , bechuanaland , and southern rhodesia .
the vus was primarily zurich - based , but together with likeminded home guards in other regions of the country , the schweizerischer vaterlndischer verband ( swiss patriotic federation , or svv ) was formed .
while the nazi movement failed to gain a serious foothold in the country , pro - nazi agitation was seen as a potential precursor to war .
the first assigned the existing three army corps to the east , north , and west , with reserves in the center and south of the country .
as 1940 dawned , the swiss army had swelled to four army corps and 600,000 men under arms out of a country of four million .
with the country now surrounded , op .
therefore , a secret liaison with the french general staff had been established , which arranged for french troops to defend swiss soil in the event of a simultaneous strike on the two countries .
invoking the centuries - old swiss heritage , guisan pledged that : here , soldiers of 1940 , we will inspire ourselves with the lesson and spirit of the past to envisage resolution of the present and future of the country currently there are , beyond our borders , more troops and excellent troops than ever before .
12 divided the country into three tiers .
while the population was almost universally prepared to personally defend their homes and their country , it has been argued that the population had no idea , despite the explicitly worded orders , that civilians would not be allowed into the redoubt .
the country has not yet been partitioned , as it has not yet been fully conquered .
hitler stated that if his demands for american demobilization , restrictions on its military , reparations for the great war , and the right for german inspectors to be allowed in country were not met within 48 hours , he would atomize a city a day thereafter until america surrendered .
dulles game of brinksmanship had killed his friend , dewey , and nearly destroyed the country .
he had nearly destroyed his country .
turns and walks on the same street , in the same city , state , country , planet ... but then not : ascended .
melody always thought this strange too ; but fishermans choice was a wildly successful local eatery that had just gone national , opening several other restaurants on piers around the country .
god , i hate movies with subtitles ; people should be made to speak english in this country or be shipped away , its very simple , why liberals are allowed to exist is beyond me ... . she laughed bitterly .
others lead ; still others employ their abilities in the service of their country or kingdom .
she turned back to the blade and read : ... before she died she slew the tracluse captain ... another blade : ... five were trapped in the fiery cabin ; cylain used an axe to force the entry , whereby he pulled the galens to safety ... and more blades : ... died heroically in service to his new king and country ... ... could not overtake the vessel under the command of zephyr high captain eogas ... ... brilliantly maneuvered the tonnebem between the gyssian flagship and the battered phalanx of the fleet ... ... despite his exhaustion , the thesean used this blade to fight off the tracluse , who had surrounded him and the defenseless galens ... and more still .
shed once seen a couple try to use a tent held up by stakes in this rocky country .
it must have been just an accident of history that jesus got born in a dry middle eastern country .
you have no gods in your bloody cold country !
the father of the nation , who is justly lauded for creating unity out of a variegated tribal polity , but was responsible for the gross impoverishment of his country .
having been superseded in 1964 by tanzania , the country of the book belongs entirely to mythology .
under the tropical sun a few flourished , more wilted , while most simply got by , in a country to which they went with feelings of trepidation , from homelands they often recalled , to a place they never forgot ; a land which now bears little trace of them .
katopanaya was a village inhabited entirely by his country men who had originally come from pontus to cultivate virgin land around the mother of god , above and below : anopanaya and katopanaya , two ancient chapels , one on a hill and the other by the sea .
persians , turks , arabs and indians were encouraged to overthrow the imperialist robbers and enslavers of their countries .
but he had not counted on the rapid move into the country by zionist interests who had the capital to buy up land from the arabs at a premium he could not afford .
if , however , by means of jewish immigration and colonisation the country could soon be made to flourish again it would become a most valuable possession , and by the same course the jewish and the moslem populations combined could in a short time outnumber the so - called greeks and bring the anti - british propaganda to a standstill .
fundamentally the country is germano - arabic in its ways .
this was swahili country where his knowledge of arabic helped him to find a dhow which took him south to dar - es - salaam .
it must also happen in the country .
and as a citizen of this country i know what our party stands for .
why not rename our country tanunya ?
it was they who sought emotional solace in tales of softer country and climes .
set in the middle of the country where masailand ended and gogoland blazed .
that is not far off the entire european population of this country .
* in all there were 6,000 poles in the country ; mainly women and children .
the soviet casualties , russian and the other nationalities of the union , show 20 m dead and 10 m wounded in a country with a pre - war population of 200 m ; decimation in its most literal sense , theo ; one in ten destroyed .
this meant that they wanted this country back .
this was of course our future country , tanganyika .
but why turn one 's eyes to lands overseas , when on our south eastern frontier we find immense stretches of country towards which we could easily direct our surplus population and capital ... at this theo sat up .
an explanation for the outburst of german colonial activity may be given as the rising enthusiasm amongst europeans for colonies ; colonization was fast becoming the new political mode amongst the big powers and naturally germany had to emulate france and britain , both of whom had vast empire in africa ; so germany took control of our country .
a harmonious life we want to share with all the people in our country .
we are thankful for the government by which laws are made , based upon purity and uprightness , and that tend to uplift the greatest of central african people ; and for the wise administration which not only helps the uganda native to work honestly for his living , but also keeps the country at rest from wars and strife that hitherto have made africa so dark .
but best of all , we are thankful for the british flag that flutters over every outpost in the country , ensuring the blessings of peace , prosperity and religious liberty to all under its sway .
young man , our country is heading for self - rule with a great burden of illness .
in their despair the greeks advanced on constantinople , thus provoking a fresh turkish offensive which ended at smyrna amidst the worst scenes of carnage from which your people escaped to this country .
i made my investments when , in 1923 the british government stipulated that a future kenya would be an african , rather than a white settler , country .
and the other country to watch is china .
it was where his parents ran a small run - down hotel in the run down capital of a run down country run down by ujamaa socialism .
these were supplied in exchange for penicillin , provided courtesy of the swedish charity ran by mrs . johansen ; antibiotics were virtually unobtainable in the country ; in contrast to aspirins , which were prescribed for all illnesses .
the green - veined and marble granite blocks facing the outer walls imported from an indian quarry gave the game away ; they signalled ostentation obscene for the times through which dar - es - salaam and the rest of the country was passing .
the railway and its coastal and inland terminii were constructed by the chinese just as the armenian had predicted to theo ; china was making in - roads into africa through large projects which the west refused to support ostensibly , they were in dar - es - salaam because of the war in rhodesia through which country zambian copper could no longer pass for shipment out of the port beira , itself under frelimo siege in the same general war of liberation .
no surrender until final victory : the elimination of every last trace of white power from our country .
upon returning to south africa mandela was imprisoned , for the first time , on charges of leaving his country without a passport and for inciting his people to hunt boers ; it was whilst he was in jail that the anc formed umkhoto we sizwe : spear of the nation .
the delicacies were served with a riesling that had yellowed in the heat of the store - room it had been kept in ; the last of patels booze , well past its best but palatable enough in a country of limited choice .
marisha had long had contacts with higher education institutions in africa ; she had , after all , started her work in international politics by her involvement with the poland - africa association from which she progressed through the polish diplomatic service to end her career as a roving ambassador for her country ; a long and distinguished career made up of deftly executed shifts in navigating the shifting floes of the centurys seemingly frozen politics .
but in her constant company another country , other lives , came to inhabit his still impressionable mind .
two sentences from mr . ian smith 's independence day speech leaped at me when i heard them : ` ` to us has been given the privilege of being the first western nation in the last two decades to have the determination and fortitude to say , ' so far and no further ' ... we may be a small country but we are a determined people who have been called upon to play a role of worldwide significance '' .
was it possible , i thought , that at last a country , this little country of africa , would oppose itself to the gadarene process of these last three decades ( i would say three , not two : because all this began in the thirties ) might one still hope that the rot would be stemmed , the destructive process held and turned back ?
sounding like the recruiting sergeant for the rhodesian light infantry that he was , the red face demanded that all young men should join the colours for the sake of their country which would surely need them against the forces of darkness .
* since he had local knowledge of the country the expedition to kongwa was led by jozef .
it is a great help to me to know that you , as the leader of the largest allied force in this country and as prime minister of our first ally in the war , are available to give help and guidance at a time when we may at any moment be faced with a heavy attack from the enemy and the polish army may be called .
in a most dark and tragic hour of his nation 's history , he held tenaciously to his belief in the strength and rightness of the polish cause and in the eventual deliverance of his country from the defeat and humiliation it had suffered at the hands of its two historical enemies .
the government went into exile and in london my first talk with sikorski was to convince him that we must find some activity for the polish troops in this country , this will help to maintain the morale of the poles in poland .
( country ; motherland . )
think in terms of this country .
you just can not imagine the pride we took in our country .
there was real concern amongst the thinking class , the intelligentsia , that the country was failing in providing work and welfare for all its citizens .
marisha had long had contacts with higher education institutions in africa ; she had , after all , started her work in international politics by her involvement with the poland - africa association from which she progressed through the polish diplomatic service to end her career as a roving ambassador for her country .
looked up at his audience and said words about the saintly man that were unheard of amongst the countrys elite ; far from the unlit nights of most lives in his benighted country .
going amongst the people , as a guest to many in towns and villages around the country , i heard it said , in swahili , the language of the country that , yes he was our mwalimu but also , said in quite tones and in private , he is more often called mungu wa nja .
going amongst the people , as a guest to many in towns and villages around the country , i heard it said , in swahili , the language of the country that , yes he was our mwalimu but also , said in quite tones and in private , he is more often called mungu wa nja .
economically untenable , the country was saved from mass starvation mainly by well meaning scandinavia which poured in huge amounts of cash to keep the project afloat .
for saving his country , by personal example , from africas endemic problems of obscene corruption .
even stranger to recognize just how anomalous was the position of his country of birth ; one of the poorest on the continent yet a model of social , political and cultural integration ; of forged nationhood .
finally , they pulled up to the house , which was decorated to the extent that the energy used on the lights outside was probably enough to power a small country .
so part of the larger country seceded from the originalnation .
so far the country has not experienced the problems that the us did in civil war or that india did in its partition .
our next trip will be to such a country .
northland is a scandinavian country with principles based on equality .
i m sure we will find huge differences between the equalitarian country of northland that we will visit in a few weeks and the libertarian country that we are about to visit .
i m sure we will find huge differences between the equalitarian country of northland that we will visit in a few weeks and the libertarian country that we are about to visit .
ill get you to your hotel and pick you up in the morning and we can start our physical and political tour of our country .
we jumped right in with our questions about the libertarian country we were about to visit .
after the modern countries of kino and singaling and the poverty - stricken state of indus , we were eager to see a quite different , and i might say a selfishly directed , country .
after the modern countries of kino and singaling and the poverty - stricken state of indus , we were eager to see a quite different , and i might say a selfishly directed , country .
freedom -- rights and responsibilities -tyler , i am really interested in how your country came about and what directions it has been taking .
for the sake of clarity i will usually use your country to illustrate the kinds of problems that can develop when equality or a lack of responsibility create problems .
i had seen in your country people who call themselves libertarians but are not actually devotees of freedom .
` ` i think it is evident that people are unequal in their intellectualcapacities , their educations , their knowledge , and their awareness of their own situation and the situation of their own country and the world .
- '' i do n't know what it is about your country .
as you know we are a big business country , like singapore , and our responsibility laws protect our customers internationally from being cheated .
` ` even in your country women are showing their superiority .
you ca n't progress in a country fueled by crime .
-if it were n't for their natural resources their country would be dying . ''
in your country women and ethnic minorities were given preferential treatment for many years through affirmative action laws .
in our country we laugh at what people are calling their ' rights . '
india certainly encourages the competent , as does your country .
sweat houses not only exist in third world countries but we find them in our own country .
( 3 ) the tea party movement - '' true con , but tyler i know that your country is pretty far to the right .
in my country the right - wing lunatics today seem to want states rights , individual freedom and yet a government by a christian god .
-but if they have children in your country while they 're working here .
` ` yours is the only country i know that allows for citizenship because the person 's mother happened to be in your country for a day or two , or even an hour or two .
they invade neighboring countries that may offer them jobs or they try to make it to an equalitarian in country , such as those in europe . ''
they invade neighboring countries that may offer them jobs or they try to make it to an equalitarian in country , such as those in europe . ''
just look at your own country , killing itself from within by welcoming people with the same skill level that built your country 150 years ago .
look at canada with its english - language through most of the country , but french in the montral area .
look at the problems in palestine and in your country where it is the evangelical christian versus everybody else .
` ` i might mention here that in our country citizenship must be earned .
most are from china , india and other far eastern countries .
but we have some from your country and from canada and some from europe .
they can downsize operations , move to other countries or to other areas in the same country , but the workers are limited in their options .
they may not be able to move to another area or another country .
when you have a country like ireland which has a rate much lower than japans , it will get more corporations doing business in ireland .
if they are taxed too much they may just leave and move to another country .
or maybe they will put all or most of their businesses in the country where the taxes on the wages are lower .
` ` in your country you seem to believe you can take your estate with you when you die in spite of the common truism that you ca nt it with you .
everyone who wants to work in our country signs a contract with the government relative to our taxation system , it spells out what is expected , and what is not allowed .
when a person finishes education here there is always the option to go to another country to do business and to pay their taxes .
-what if a person had been paying your low taxes for 25 years , had become a billionaire , and wanted to take his business to another country so that she could pass on to her children a rich inheritance .
` ` she can certainly leave the country but her business would have to be returned to the state .
just look at the wonders of your country .
from what i understand in your country your schools try to pass on information , then when students go home they may or may not have homework but they always have television or video games to entertain them .
in our country our education system is geared to wanting the students to learn because it is exciting .
i might also say that , opposed to your country where administrators make more money than teachers , in our society you are paid by how well you have produced , so an effective teacher might make a good deal more money than an average administrator .
so while in your country in order to make more money during your working life and enjoy a higher pension afterwards many people want to move up the administrative ladder , but our people can get both while working in the area that they enjoy .
so in our country if you want to be a researcher you can get your phd but you will not be qualified to teach .
i ' ve seen so many of my friends in your country who are forced into retirement and hate it .
i have seen in other countries , particularly india , that because many colleges were not doing their job a number of corporations have started their own universities for the vocational side of higher education because the traditional universities were not really up to date in what was needed vocationally .
- in the scandinavian countries there are 40 or more percent women in the parliaments .
but the champion country is rwanda where 55 % of the parliament are women .
we think that in your country you believe that school days should be fun and the school year short .
it did n't matter that it was causing stronger tornadoes and hurricanes , your flooding and snowstorms were much worse , and many parts of your country were parched .
` ` as a matter - of - fact we do have them but they are not as important or as time - consuming as the sports in your country .
in your country you may practice three or more hours a day in your sport or in your other areas of interest .
but when you bring in non - christians into a christian country , blacks and asians into a caucasian country , or unskilled workers into an advanced economic systemthere will usually be problems .
but when you bring in non - christians into a christian country , blacks and asians into a caucasian country , or unskilled workers into an advanced economic systemthere will usually be problems .
still we saw the percentage of muslims admitted to european countries severely reduced .
we saw the swiss outlaw minarets next to mosques in their country .
equality sure took a hit when muslim terrorists were found in nearly every western country .
it seems to me that the reason so many of us are religious is that we thank god for such a blessing as our country is .
social class and ethnicity in our country ` ` social stratification is a major factor in our country just as in every country .
social class and ethnicity in our country ` ` social stratification is a major factor in our country just as in every country .
social class and ethnicity in our country ` ` social stratification is a major factor in our country just as in every country .
in your country , where you have so many impoverished undereducated people in the lower social classes , you have more violence .
` ` in our country we would not have this problem because people must pay their own way .
and in our country , with such a high level of illiteracy , i do n't hold much hope for having a real democracy in the near future .
and i would guess that even you , lee , are more concerned by the pain of a pebble in your shoe than by a dozen starving babies in zimbabwe or the dying revolutionaries in a north african country .
but i do n't have any pity for those who were able to escape from africa to the welfare states then sit down and let another country 's citizens feed , house and clothe them .
it is a shame that we ca n't do more for those aspiring people in our country .
it also strikes me that people in your country judge a person more highly if she lives in a six bedroom four bathroom home in a gated community in the suburbs than if she lives in a trailer park .
as i remember in your country a middle - class child costs about $ 250,000 to raise to college age .
i ' m not sure you will find any country that has that as a goal .
in fact over 15 years ago , before 2010 , norway began reducing its immigrant quota and sending many illegal immigrants out of the country .
a norwegian friend told me that it was quite common for the somalians to have a number of children , each supported legally by the country .
as i remember , in around 2010 and 2011 several european countries began moves to tighten the reins on the illegals in their countries .
you may recall that in the 1980s the schengen agreement was signed which eliminated passport controls in europe once you were within the countries of the signees .
but when it was found that people could get into one country legally or illegally then travel to any other country without a passport , more welfare frauds and crime entered the relatively peaceful european countries .
but when it was found that people could get into one country legally or illegally then travel to any other country without a passport , more welfare frauds and crime entered the relatively peaceful european countries .
of course because our country was founded in this century we had much more experience than did your founding fathers in seeing what would work and what would not .
we are admittedly individually selfish and that is the kind of country we want to guide us .
china 's one - party system , an oligarchy , has been the most efficient system for a large country in recent years .
but lo and behold , a muslim democracy emerged in a muslim country .
- '' tyler , it seems that the development of your country is along the lines of what the american tea partiers have been demonstrating for since the early part of this century .
in our country it is political suicide to not be in the judeo - christian tradition .
for example in your country a mentally ill person may be taken to court to determine if he needs treatment .
people are citizens of their country by luck .
some want to leave the country and work to achieve .
but others want to leave the country and be taken care of by others .
the tea partiers you had in your country a few years ago sounded like what ayn rand was talking about -- smaller government , lessequality , fewer taxes and no socialism .
but in your country you have had a long tradition of intolerance to people who are not solidly within your christian confines .
in your country it is ridiculous that you can have a bill for healthcare with earmarks tacked on to the bill by different legislators giving money to improve roads in alabama , establish a recycling center in california , give subsidies to cotton growers in mississippi , and , build a bridge to nowhere in alaska .
- '' speaking of laws , lee , have you seen some of those recently proposed laws in our country ?
look at the number of murders in your country .
it is commonly believed in this country that because so many americans ' lack education and lack concern for world politics , you americans seem to often deny facts .
in our country i ca n't imagine anyone paying any attention to an obviously ignorant person just because he called himself a minister of god . ''
for example our students study the history of our own country exclusively for the first three years .
this is an area where experts are encouraged to come to our country and participate in our grand plan .
i never thought i would see that in my country , but even in california the citizens understand the need for more tax money .
but i understand in your country a lot of the polygamous families have a number of children .
but tyler , i would assume you have to be pretty rich in your country to have a child . ''
` ` father ray , you 're not in a socialist country here .
you in america seem to spend your money on those who are voting rather than on those who are the future of your country and who will be the voters .
but as you can imagine , our country is a lot more peaceful than yours .
it was not like the ruthless prisons of their home country .
` ` if you go to prison in our country we want you to feel somewhat punished but also somewhat smarter .
it is an option if he plans to leave the country on his release .
your country has a high rate of alcohol and drug abuse .
` ` as in your country , in fact most countries , we have laws against most drug use , because its use is often irresponsible .
` ` as in your country , in fact most countries , we have laws against most drug use , because its use is often irresponsible .
but like your country , with 25 to 50 % of your jail inmates there for drug - related offenses , we thought there might be a better way to handle the situation .
it seems that there are several countries in east europe that are as high as the russians , consuming 16 to 18 liters of pure alcohol per person per year .
he tells us that saltwater indigenous mobs have a particular relationship to country and sea : when i talk about country i mean the oceanour sea country that provides so much of the resources we still depend upon for our wellbeing , and which covers the submerged lands that bear the footprints of our ancestors .
he tells us that saltwater indigenous mobs have a particular relationship to country and sea : when i talk about country i mean the oceanour sea country that provides so much of the resources we still depend upon for our wellbeing , and which covers the submerged lands that bear the footprints of our ancestors .
george boof wants to bomb the entire country back to the stone age .
none mentioned that there was some kind of uniqueness that distinguished japanese surfers from surfers in other countries .
we who make kurungabaa respect the dharawal country where we love to surf , celebrate the continuing culture of the dharawal people , and acknowledge the memory of the dharawal people 's ancestors .
you just travel about the country ?
the worlds such a big place.and different countries have such incredibly strange cultures.there are republics and kingdoms .
even in this country there s anincredible variety of people and customs .
you d think we d come from another planet rather than another country .
we ve seen a lot of your little old country and none of what we ve seen so fars anything like this !
i ve never been to the country , i confessed .
everything is decided at a local level and in the meantimetheres a ridiculous budget deficit , foreign policy is totallyineffectual , the taxation system is creaking at the seams and notone part of the country fits well with any other part .
i m sure his rise to fame had something to do with the blinking mess his country was in .
far worse than this country ... that would be damnably hard to believe !
i do nt know what his does in his own country , but some of the tales of book - burning , concentration camps , forced labour , purges , pogroms and persecution ...
he exiled all the princes , dukes and barons of his country and confiscated all their wealth , so that he could finance his grandiose schemes ...
the illicit party is getting to be jolly popular in this country too .
the people i spoke to had very disapproving opinions about the rest of the country , or indeed the rest of the world .
in my country it is quite normal for those of means to purchase as good a slave or set of slaves as they can .
you would nt want dragons or demons to wander free in this country .
it is often justified as a safeguard against the rule of a single person , as is the case in my country .
here in your country , there is a democracy which pretends to represent the interests of the people and not of the rulers , but power is weakened as it serves so many disparate interests .
the boat will just sink , or , as in your country , remain still as the holes in its hulk are patched when they become too conspicuous .
in this country there are so many different types of people that you just completely disregard things like that .
it must be bad enough to lose a war : it must add insult to injury to then be treated as second class citizens in their own country .
perhaps in a distant country .
to the country ?
some parts of the country have nt experienced civilised life at all .
but tell me , beta , what s brought you so far from the country ?
it is the country you come from , is nt it ?
there s so much more in this country than a life in the village would suggest .
some of the other ticket kiosks were somewhat more shabby and were for an itinerary of destinations in the country that i d never heard of .
even the unemployment benefit is several hundred times more than you could ever earn in the country .
richer than the gnp of most countries !
its you bastards whore going to bugger up this country ... i m not a red !
everything in the country is just so blinking cheap .
and what is even worse is that young people , like those we saw passing by , want to introduce illiberal socialism to this country .
there are many charitable organisations in the city , as there are elsewhere in the country , and i have the highest possible regard for them .
they say that it is set at national rates which take no account of the much greater costs in the city than elsewhere in the country .
it d be flipping dreadful if this country were to ever get like that .
its the centre for research and development for the entire country .
what this country - and every other country on this planet - needs is strong government blessed with a clear vision of where it wants to go and not afraid to do what is necessary to get there .
what this country - and every other country on this planet - needs is strong government blessed with a clear vision of where it wants to go and not afraid to do what is necessary to get there .
its very different from the country , do nt you think ?
how can there be so much wealth here and so little in the country ?
indeed , there are many experts here who have thoroughly studied the disparities of the city and the country in all sorts of disciplines , confirmed pandora .
there are economics professors who argue that the cause is the greater degree of economic activity in the city creating a disproportionate amount of wealth , which reinforces itself by creaming off all surplus economic activity from the country to satisfy its requirements for labour and resources .
there are others who say that the city is merely a phase of society and that eventually the process will go into reverse and that the city will become depopulated and units of production will shift into the country as technology removes the economic advantage of geographical proximity .
however , i spend a great deal of time in the country - as i do in the city - and it worries me how the country can survive as it is for very much longer .
there seem to be quite enough problems here without needing to worry about the country .
ultimately it comes from the country and from abroad , the unicorn replied .
it gets returned to the country , pandora answered , without a hint of irony in her voice .
more and more of the country is sacrificed to accommodate the hunger for land .
are you implying that the city will eventually swallow up all the country ?
she clearly does not come from the same part of the country as you , judging from her dress .
since the general election yesterday , there really does seem to be a distinct lack of tranquillity in your benighted country .
and the mice , - and the roosters whore also a bit of a nuisance in our country , - are just as bad .
they could nt organise a cheese orgy , let alone a whole country .
its in the country is nt it ?
unity is nt at risk from invasion from any other town , and most districts of this country do nt find the need for such an obligation .
your country does nt have the social problems we have here , hubert remarked .
okay , in phaedra we got more of everything than you got in your country .
the difference between your country and your city .
you just ai nt got the road space in your country for decent sized cars at all .
there are plenty other historic sites in this goddamn country .
i think i might be quite glad to get out of your goddamn country alive .
my quest for relics of the great poet has provided me with a nearly unsurpassed acquaintance with all corners of the country .
its only when i am in the country i feel truly myself .
the great poet wrote a great deal about the country , hubert mused .
for him the country was always a thing of beauty , to be admired like a painting .
the red party victory was much welcomed by farmers throughout the country .
for far too long the country has been neglected , and only the red party , and perhaps the green party , has ever explicitly endorsed a policy to redress the balance between the city and the country .
the country has been exploited for many years by the city , the suburbs and the financial institutions : taking from us , loading us with debts we can never repay , offering us advice which ruin our crops and squander our resources for short - term gain , and telling us that we should learn from them and disregard hundreds of years of practical experience .
i must say , hubert remarked , apparently dumbfounded , i had never thought to see the day when the anarchists , communists and socialists would rule the country with the apparent consent of the farmers .
that collie was wrong to say that the city and its financial institutions take no interest in the country .
here , if proof were needed , is evidence of the investment and resources ploughed back into the country .
they say the country is poor .
i presume that the country is your abode .
we saw thousands of them marching through the country .
she knelt down beside me and told me why shed been running away from the country .
there were dragons , wyverns , gargoyles , minotaurs , all sorts rampaging through the country .
there are dogs and others overrunning the country .
not just the city , of course , but since more people live in the city than in the rest of the country put together , i suppose , yes , there must be .
we may not have found the truth , but i have been much impressed by the folly pursued in your country .
there are few places untouched , but fortunately none in this country as severely affected as the suburbs .
beyond the suburbs , the country gradually repaired itself from the chaos , but not without some political cost .
within a year , the blue party was also ousted and became similarly illegal , and the country became a nominally independent illiberal socialist republic - an independence which was not to last for very long .
reporters everywhere in the country will come by to take pictures and interview you and ... sure , of course they will .
you 'll be in every paper in the country you know .
he even considered finding a librarian and letting him or her know in no uncertain terms how inconvenient this whole periodicals section renovation was for him when he really only needed one crummy little magazine and virtually any one would do , and if it was really too much to ask to go to a library in this country and pick up a magazinepretty much any magazine -- on a saturday morning , what was the point in him paying taxes out the salary from his shitty little job , which after all , were used to pay the salary for this librarians cool technical job in the first place ?
they were kind of nerd chic glasses with a black stylized brow across the top like the kind physicists might wear in science films shown to grade school students all across the country .
as he did so , i was subject to an unnervingly slow and close panning of his lower lip , chin , neck , the knot of his puke colored tie and then the breast of his white shirt , interrupted quite suddenly by the blue border of a white rectangular name tag of the sort used by the thousands at meetings , conventions , get - togethers , seminars , group therapy sessions , and company pic - nics all over the country .
not even when it caused severe problems like ... say ... a gambling addiction that forced you to uproot your entire family and move them halfway across the country to keep em from being murdered .
out of the whole country .
diego thought it would be safer to get her out of the country until things settle down .
even though abby had deserted them once already , it was hard to believe shed leave the country without them .
this frustrated the young landlord who wanted to leave england forever and get engaged in some business in a far off country so that he could forget the painful memories of his demised wife .
she worked for the fairfax county schools in virginia , one of the most diverse school systems in the country .
fairfax had started with a small white wasp population , while queens had started with a large population of jews , some american born and others from european countries .
not foreign like a foreign country , but foreign like a different culture .
she crowed , i m going to tour your beautiful country and enjoy every second of it .
they got there early and as they drove around , she felt like she was touring another country .
there was definitely an aura of a past time and a foreign country .
their uniforms and weapons show clear relation to their country of origin .
a call to the divorce lawyer , who she had first met some months before schonefield would become a household name throughout the country , in an out of the way roadside bar some thirty miles away , was very friendly .
lloyd 's reply was to forego all the full - ride scholarship offers from colleges across the country , move to helena and seek to find some type of menial work to keep his body fed and sheltered .
children taught the values of a great country by the great man she had come to view her george as gave her lasting solace .
he was certainly right there beside braden , directing his every movement when it came time for the enemy to see the folly of invading a blessed country under the direction of a great man .
but we have advanced warning ; and i say again , no child under my care will be captured and used as a pawn in their own country .
her family had come over from one of whose european countries , switzerland , holland , austria .
prologue in the early years of this country , men emerged who would be lawmen .
however , two men , dean and egan , came from rancher stock that had a morality and an ethic which demanded right and justice must work or the future of the country was , indeed , bleak .
buzz held his pistol on the man who seemed to turn red and quiver at the thought of getting shot in this godforsaken part of the country .
she wanted to tell them about the wide country and how the life was so harsh sometimes and then so free at other times .
and the quality of the love you need must exceed that of father , mother , country , even of life itself !
for him midnight was simply the clock ticking over with the slow certainty that the country would soon be overrun by power - hungry politicians of its own making .
he would have gone north with an axe himself , except that the country was plagued with riots and civil unrest .
in spite of the difficulties , the colonel was determined to make that christmas his own personal farewell to the country he had served , as if the british had been his guests , and his alone , over the past two hundred years .
if they divide india and give jinnah his pakistan there will be bloodshed like this country has never seen before .
conversation in the desert by sue woolfe she only knew the desert in her country from postcards shed send overseas to friends , when she wanted to seem interesting and exotic .
this is my country , shed write .
as she drove , yellow light moulded mountain ranges into hundreds of smaller hills , sometimes with gold outcrops that in another country from a distance shed glimpse and think , aha !
what s your country ?
you ve got a beautiful country , frances said after a while in the language .
so you thought you d accost a stranger and from another class and country at that .
sandras flat was another country , to be sure spacious suite on the upper east side with sunken living room , original paintings and sculptures , tapestries that looked old but did not smell , flowers arranged so that both night- and daylight hit them just right .
once we made it below the westside stands and mingled with players coming out the locker rooms with cigarettes and beers and so many british accents twanging away , none of which we could match to a town or even a country .
leaving the crowded nature of the inner city for the open spaces of the new country effectively destroyed the fabric of the nuclear family .
brads only chance to access his hidden fortune would be to leave the country and live the rest of his life on a beautiful beach , watching awe - inspiring sunset after awe - inspiring sunset .
and lonely as an angel in a strange country .
it cut mrs . lau to the soul , what this new country had made of her daughter , but she dared say nothing .
maybe like i could do my routine , right here on the bar , like i used to do , before the country tightened up its rules on us dancing girls , she pouted .
they do nt tell you how to live after you get in this country , he reflected .
which country in the middle east is safe and hip and quirky ?
if he ends up in conus at a place like treasure island with more script he can claim that he forget to exchange his script in - country so they ll exchange the rest for him the same way .
just be back to catch your flights back to gods country on monday at 0700 .
i knew that i knew you from somewhere before when we came out of country last week .
are you traveling in officer country these days ?
i wanted to ask if you guys want , reiko and i would like to have dinner with you and suzie before you go back in country .
my father - in - law - is a corrupt province official son - of - a - bitch of some kind and their number one daughter could nt wait to leave home and the country .
probably came up here slumming so they could say how they were in indian country .
those three air force dudes look like they just came out of indian country .
green rice paddies seemed to be everywhere and the inevitable craters grew in numbers again to fracture the flat land of the delta country .
i will get at least one r & r in about 2 months and since most of the seabees in - country now were never stationed on okinawa they want to go to places like taiwan or hong kong .
i have nt seen this much of the country even by air .
dan walked across the tarmac , to a building with a sign reading flight operations hanging from a porch railing , carrying his duffel bag with most of his uniforms and civilian clothes , his 782 gear which had not only the required blanket and poncho in it , but also four c - ration meals he had brought along to offset any chance of getting stuck somewhere as he had in the attack on da nang when he was trying to get out of country on leave .
i m not sure , but it was the prettiest thing i ve seen in this country .
sandy needs a cat skinner to go out in indian country to pickup an old d6 cat for the chaplin .
when this relationship was uncovered , the lovers fled the country .
not many of them were to be seen in this part of the country .
i think we must be about the only school in the country with its own private beach .
well we have some way to go and clancy said this was the wettest place in the country .
their war years had been spent as children , evacuated to the safety of relatives in the country .
from all over the country , parents would gather to watch the boys in their athletic endeavours , say hello to the headmaster and take their sons home .
i d convert the top floor of guss cabin to a recording studio and have guest teachers who could come out and offer workshops to aspiring songwriters from all across the country .
he had been only a boy for the first one , seventeen years old , and ready to die like a man , but he knew , all through the year he spent in the trenches and fields of war , trembling and cold at night , fearing death , that he was no different from boys of all nations sent to fight and defend their countries in the name of god and patriotism , when in fact , the reasons they were fighting were usually money , pride , narrow self - interest .
while guys working the lines were getting drafted and disappearing to the country of vietnam , and kids like ernies were coming home in body bags , the apprentices were draft exempt , just like the pansy - ass , draft - dodger college boys .
it was this local uaw union in cranston that had caused more trouble than any other local union in the country .
indeed , what was good for general motors was good for the country .
the past few days had worn on jon , dropping things the way they had to fly across the country to attend to mrs . hubbard and the funeral arrangements .
ten years ago , when tom told her that julian had married a foreign woman in a foreign country , she secretly hoped their marriage would fail .
gazing out at the big sky country , rick felt small and obscure .
his bookhis babywould be in the care of his publisher , the printers , the distribution warehouses , and then bookstores around the country .
unable to think of any other ethnic group known for its unusual height or a country that possessed the ability to produce an aircraft so advanced , he settled on his first guess .
i was wandering around when one large man from a south american country stepped back and collided with me .
sure , he would go into hiding protected by gangs in every city of the country .
hours later you come back to life and i sneak you out of the country to the united states .
that s why my familys in hiding and i m running across the country .
our movement has a network of safe houses around the country .
i dedicate myself and my duty to my country to do exactly that .
those words were penned by the president of the united states only minutes before he signed over the allegiance of this great country to the messiah clones one world government .
these three leads kept them occupied much of the afternoon with follow up calls around the country .
ask them to determine if the etcells are visiting the gold country this weekend .
i understand your parents are out of the country ?
he did not see the gold countrys most wanted man until he crossed the threshold , but green recognized him from the morning news shows report on the manhunt .
in 1969 , when you came back to this country from vietnam , you experienced a kind of nervous disorder , is nt that true ?
with his mother out of the country , zielinski took him home and guided him through the first hours of shock and grief .
it was picked up by newspapers all over the country , including moffats hometown sacramento bee .
she should be troubled by paternalism at the top of university governance , but since it had no more direct impact on her life than a dictatorship of some remote country it was very hard to feel more than passing interest .
` ` possibly , '' janet replied , ` ` although , more to the point its revelation might have been enough to have o'meara deported as an accomplice to terrorist actions in his own country of origin .
terence obviously felt that he had to neutralize jackson nicholas or his days at this institution , and perhaps in this country , would soon be at an end .
as much as he admired the man 's fame , he was n't one to pay good money to follow him around the country .
a man who is a household name throughout the country thanks to game shows such as ' mind that bell ' and ' charlie 's going ape ' .
that any poison in the world was readily available to patrick allen by means of his company being one of the country 's major stockists of chemicals was undeniable , but how on earth could it be proved ?
this is truly gods country .
when you pried open his hand to remove what you had killed him for , you left your fingerprint on his skin there is nt a jury in this country that would nt convict you just on that evidence alone .
of course you re not vinnie you re just a citizen that wants to see the streets cleaned up for other honest citizens that s an honorable goal what you are doing is helping to make this country safe i d say that was nt being a rat .
you re always involved in some project or another you could stay home and live a life of ease if you really wanted to , but you choose to share your talents with others you re the kind of person this country was built by one person helping the other building barns clearing fields that s very good john , but you can save your speeches for the voters you already have my vote .
but probably the most important likeness was that they both were dedicated to law and order and protecting innocent people from all the mayhem the criminal element spread throughout the country they served .
after they removed him from the limo , dave strolled up to them and began to read him his rights it had all gone like berry had planned no mess no excitement and most of all no violence that had taken down one of the most powerful men in the country without firing a shot .
all over the country the police were thought to be complicit with their blind - eye stance , and whitehall promised that with the exit from the eu , that political correctness would at last begin to wither on the vine , and the human rights act would become as anonymous as other casualties , such as rioters .
the three rivers region was typical of many others around the country , in their tenuous , unofficial association with the colony .
the rationale was simple , the country could not support or feed seventy million people ; the consequences however , were highly convoluted .
the fear was that peoples fate would be determined by statistics , and not how they had contributed in the time they had lived in the country .
the muslim shield majored on getting vulnerable members out of the country on their terms rather than those of the government .
that night there were street confrontations up and down the country .
i am therefore recommending parachuting in the best we have in the country to check his claims , if we can swing it with h.m . intelligence .
however , it does nt seem logical to deliberately target fellow muslims , unless there is a perverse idea that this is an effective counter - strategy , to that of all of the pitafis in the country .
you know , since that spate of suicide bomb incidents forced all stations in the country to code - lock the entrances , and have this thick metal cavity for the mail fitted with state of the art detection equipment , we no longer interact directly with people who try to contact us in writing .
he told me virtually everything he thought i needed to know , but not when he was going to leave the country to finalise it .
another arm of our intelligence is tracking this because there is some evidence that the colony feels that one long push will get extremists to leave the country .
chapter 26 graham and finley were pleased with the outcome in the capital and the consequent contagion around the country .
he said it was contractual matter and that i did not know what i was talking about , so i threatened to expose him to the police about his knowledge and he finally confessed that it was alistairs wish that nobody else should know of the intent to leave the country , because of the threats .
chen was amazed at the talentless people who were running the country .
however , when mother was let down , first by denial of drug treatment , and then denial of the cure by alistair , i could not accept that extremists were raping the country while planning to kill us .
division of labor begets high productivity begets the high standard of living enjoyed by us , residents of the richest country in the world .
they also came to this country together , and eventually went their separate ways , but lately they ' ve been talking to each other a lot . ''
i quickly typed a response to the effect that i was out of the country and would mail him a check in a few days .
` ` i ' ve known him longer than his wifeat least in this country , '' ms .
the corporations buying up the few small , independent papers around the country were considered , by every reporter ray knew and most serious readers , to be destroying the quality of america 's newspapers .
he built state - of - the - art factories in a dozen third world countries and made a big deal out of the fact that more than 85 % of techtron 's employees had been previously unemployed and living in poverty .
i truly fear for our country , and most particularly for our state .
they did that by cooking the books to make it appear they were selling thousands up on thousands of their cheaply made , inferior products to schools and organizations in third world countries .
i am sorry i simply assumed you would ditch a career , into which you already had invested a couple of decades , to follow me across the country to a place where you would have shriveled up and died .
see if you can get enough for the sailor here to have hisself a welcome - home fish - fry for his neighbors in thanks for the sacrifices he 's making for this fucked up country we call home . '
i ' m betting she owns a little house somewhere in a country with no extradition treaty with the united states .
in terms of what i did in this country , it was mostly moving cash from florida where it came into the country to the upper midwest where he passed the money through his network of laundries .
i was sure the company would collapse , and i was sure that most of the top executives who did n't immediately flee the country would go to jail .
she could pass for a ' lady ' from any one of perhaps seven or eight different countries and even fool the real deals .
its in the country .
last i looked , it was a free country , and i could poke my nose wherever i wanted .
` ` there have been an increasing number of cases every two years in this part of the country .
most of the early settlements consisted of whole communities transplanted here , but after the first few they were usually made up of people from all over the country - always the same country though , and usually english speaking .
most of the early settlements consisted of whole communities transplanted here , but after the first few they were usually made up of people from all over the country - always the same country though , and usually english speaking .
the print - out , taken from a computerised archive of paper documents , confirmed the name samuel mars and his profession : which far from sailor ( always unlikely in such land - locked country ) instead read teacher .
however , as the superintendent hinted , during our discussions we discovered another fact that could be of use to you : the file we have on our system for ludmila sergeyevna grechko links to that of another recent entrant to the country , an eleonora aleksandrovna grechko .
i have the right to stay in this country .
she suddenly gasped as though in disgust at some recalled memory , he asks me to watch them : he thinks , because they might be from poland or romania its as though were all one country .
we make a good living , we travel all over the country , and we meet a lot of really nice people , she said , looking johnnys way .
my presence in mcallen related to a request from eli huggins ; a businessman reputedly rich enough to start his own country .
yes , from its entrance you can almost toss a stone into your country .
i ' ve got about two days to live if those sicilians follow form , unless i come up with a way out of the country .
its because of him that were here , alive and well in a country that accepted us regardless of our skin colour .
if he tried to leave the country , we d find out .
you ca nt take them out of the country without my permission .
he would buy collections from all over the country and beyond .
he wondered how much it would have cost to get them into this country and then to nevada .
any respectable mother is interested in why her daughter jaunts half way across the country , unless she s a flight attendant .
as a matter of fact she had , just the night before , and he left a message i was to call him before leaving the country .
the next day , friday , i had a number of small details to attend to before leaving the country .
traveling in an english speaking country was making my journey much easier , even with the differences in accents and figures of speech .
we had spent the last twenty days in thirty countries of the world , without rest .
my parents are out of the country right now .
no , my parents are out of the country .
they re out of the country right now , they wo nt return for another week .
he s out of the country .
they have been out of the country for the past two weeks .
the police in england captured his crew about a year ago , but he was already out if the country when they moved in.it seems he has a sixth sense for when the police are moving in , before he evaded capture in england , he had evaded capture in jamaica when they picked up his crew .
he had been in the country for two years , but had nt been enrolled in school for over six months .
aduwele appeared to have used schooling as a means for entering the country because he would enroll in school long enough to clear immigration and dropout again .
basically , he was proud , patriotic , for god and country , that sort of thing .
i wanted my family out of the country if preston decided to go public with the photos .
the butler never met him and prestons housekeeper has left the country .
we had left the fertile country behind and beneath us .
was it possible that this stolidly respectable person was of the same blood as one of the most notorious criminals in the country ?
but she will never trouble anyone in this country again .
' if she were safely out of the country it would relieve the tax - payer of a burden . '
when the facts come out in frankland v. regina i venture to think that a thrill of indignation will run through the country .
this woman has disappeared and has escaped from the country .
it is suggestive that anthony is not a common name in england , while antonio is so in all spanish or spanish - american countries .
thus i had made certain of the hound , and had guessed at the criminal before ever we went to the west country .
the people in the rest of the country dealing with snow , frozen rain and bitter cold , could only envy the beautiful southern california weather and hope spring would be coming soon .
its a free country , a man can jog pretty much any where he wishes to do so .
this guy had given up , probably left the country or something .
he s some third - world millionaire , and he has skipped the country .
` ` when 's the last time you visited this part of the country ? ''
we have the largest selection of wines here than anywhere else in the country . ''
either traveling out of the country , or on his sailboat . ''
there are people all over the country that walk out on their families and never come back . ''
` ` handel parker normally had power of attorney when jack was out of the country , and made sure everything was running properly .
at 63 , burke possessed a deadly jump shot from almost unlimited range and was the top high school prospect in wisconsin and possibly the country .
kojis was a pro and burke was one of the top high school players in the country .
word spread throughout africa and nations sent emissaries to view the progress that was made and see what could be imported back to their countries .
part of it was that the jewish people in this oppressed country were desperately searching for something to cheer about , but a lot of it was matthew .
i enjoyed most the research i did on yao ming and dikembe mutombo and learned to appreciate the impact these two men have upon their countries .
the same goes for the lithuanian basketball players and the suffering their country endured to regain independence .
was she telling them that laurence mills was her family from the old country ?
they were even more hotly pursued by displaced royalty descended from people who had happened to be out of the country during the revolution .
jewels that left the old country long before the romanovs lost their lives ?
were going to put horses into major races all over the country .
sonia did not disappoint , telling them story after story about the colorful people that she had encountered at racetracks around the country .
the flesh bodied presentation of a nightmare and the most dangerous and feared man in the country sat inside of his bar .
as a matter of a fact daniel was out of the country during the time of the incident .
everyone knew that he had skipped the country but any attempt to enter the us would be impossible and essentially , a death wish .
along with the rest of the country , his dallas texas bar suffered from the economys downturn .
what you need to do is get out of dallas and check out another country .
however , just ask for a report by the local police and , of course , we will see that nothing that you read in this hicktown newspaper is connected to this huge confusion spread around the main centers in the country .
like most of country she had a sleeping pill prescription , but did nt like the feeling of dependence that crept up after several nights use .
his we kick ass campaign was an inspiration for high school students throughout the country .
jim , i see from the internet that you re kicking some butt up there , ken started obliquely , obviously alluding to the kick - ass theme that had spread to high schools throughout the country .
you will be surprised to see that the plateau region has plenty of rainfall even though much of the country is desert .
my brief research on ethiopia made me realize how little i knew about this fascinating country and how wrong my perceptions had been .
asked to describe ethiopia in one sentence , i would have answered ; a war - torn country inhabited by a bunch of arabs living in a big desert with no food .
instead , i was surprised to learn that my preconceptions did little to justify the diverse and tradition - rich culture of a country credited with being the origin of mankind with archeological evidence of civilization dating back 3,200 years .
but there is also a high central plateau inhabited primarily by catholics that runs through the center of the country with average elevations of 6,000 to 10,000 and moderate temperatures ranging between 40f to 80f .
axum served as a connecting point in the trade route between the eastern roman empire and persia and has been the heart of the ethiopian orthodox church since king ezana brought christianity to the country in the 4th century .
we asked our guide what happened to the ark when the axum was run over by the rebels in 1990 and the king was overthrown , and earlier when the muslims overran the country and destroyed almost all the catholic and jewish churches .
2 in the country as they headed into the big east tournament .
lets hear them out , ken , but i will say this ; i m not in any mood to build roads or office buildings in some third - world country .
is nt third place pretty good for such a small country ?
but why , why does a small country like lithuania produce so many great players and teams ?
matthews all star team scheduled a month tour of african countries including chad , algeria , the ivory coast , ghana , the senegal , angola , tanzania , zimbabwe , eritrea and ethiopia .
i am more interested in dikembe mutumbo , the person , the man who never forgot the less fortunate people from your home country of zaire , now the republic of congo .
do you know the mutombo set up the dikembe mutombo foundation to combat childhood diseases in this country and that he regularly sends back supplies and medicine ?
in china , and with yao ming , there is no bigger honor or responsibility than playing for your country .
the ethiopians wo nt allow you to take the ark out of the country .
much stronger than the italian mafia ever hoped to be , the russian mafia dominated business activities in russia and had a major presence in the united states and other foreign countries .
my nephew is only ten , but he is the best magician in the country , the man claimed .
she would implement their plans for making dealerships more profitable and she would become a female roger penske , with a string of dealerships throughout the midwest , if not the whole country .
it would require him to probably leave the country for a while , maybe go to canada or australia , and would stake him in that relocation .
grabbing a duster sam hit the door jambs and corners , swiping away the cobwebs that seemingly appeared overnight in this part of the country .
most places sold within a month or two , but even their small rural counties were nt immune to the real estate problems that were hitting other parts of the country .
` ` then do you suppose that sending him out of the country might not be the best course of action ? ''
this time tomorrow , diego would be living in a new country , with a new name and a $ 2 m spending money .
i was there six years ago on business and stayed an extra week touring the country .
switzerland is a beautiful country in the springtime .
there were copies of 20 or so wire transfers and a list of account numbers , each from a different bank and foreign country .
the countries and banks are notorious for being used by criminals and drug smugglers .
the basque made a similar proposal to france in respect to the three departments located just across the pyrenees mountains that are also considered part of basque country .
4,300 miles away , two 13 - year olds were robbing a small drugstore in vitoria - gasteiz , the capital of spains basque country .
one day the basque will have our own country , that s what my brothers say .
if they give us our own country , we would think of some other reason to fight .
i will say that our firm has made money on the cabo san lucas resort , and certainly would be open to reinvesting these profits back into your country .
the basque country currently recognized by spain consists of three provinces in northern spain with a population of 2.3 million people .
the basques would like to add a 4th province , navarre , and three departments in southwest france to the basque country .
they re most known for being the terrorist wing of the basque separatist movement that wants an autonomous country covering parts of northern spain and a little bit of france .
the country could nt wait for her to grow up .
in 2000 , mary pierce beat conchita martinez of spain 6 - 2 7 - 5 and the country celebrated .
pierces mother was french and she claimed france as her home country despite the fact that she had been born and raised in the united states .
mary knew stanford was one of the top programs in the country and defending ncaa champions .
florida and california liked to think they were the only states to play good tennis , but there were great players from all over the country .
drugs are not something that we want in basque country .
agbu started recruiting in the small towns surrounding vitoria - gasteiz , the capital of basque country .
agbu began to establish a distribution network in the large cities , never in basque country .
bouygues construction is a world leader with operations in 60 countries on five continents .
euskara , the basque language , traces its history back to 6,000 bc , and remains one of the two national languages of euskadi , the basque country , the other being castillian spanish .
the language is outlawed in the northern basque country because french law requires that only the french language be taught in their public schools .
a week later agbu followed his television campaign with newspaper ads and provided $ 2 m to basque radio stations , to expand their range to reach french basque country .
there was no doubt the eta relied on drug profits to support their humanitarian efforts in basque country .
he has lived in paris for five years but was born in bilbao , spain , the heart of basque country .
as many of you know , central florida has one of the highest rates of human trafficking in the country .
i wondered what single men did in other sections of the country .
that s what happens when the stadium holds more people than live in the city and the festival draws people from all across the country .
as in , we came over on the mayflower and founded this great country , acquiring immense wealth in the process .
here , ill read it to you : a small group of jewish immigrants from lithuania established a landsmanschaft , a community of people from the same country of origin , on this spot in 1880 .
to those towns such as kiryas yoel , full of orthodox sects where idiots try to wall themselves off from the rest of the country .
a few teenage cousins scattered across the country , but none in the boston area .
the travelers from mother country .
when i m there i sometimes feel like the only asian in the entire country , from the sea of galilee to the negev .
they take it to such an extreme that they seem to be trying to secede from the rest of the country . ''
there s no real reason for him to take such an extreme step as leaving the country .
tom always insisted on being the hero , james west , who would single handedly save the country from the evil villains bent on destroying it .
with his fathers help , he planned on molding a successful career and powerful backing into a huge wave that he could ride across the country and into the oval office .
after graduating , it was directly off to war in some small country on the other side of the world he d never heard of .
yeah , well last i checked this is still a free country , and this is public land so we can be here if we want , tommy said , nastily .
this is gods country and i live right in the middle of it .
i was very angry at what i felt my country had done to my family .
this company would quickly have a monopoly controlling all goods coming in and going out of the country .
he had taken a lot of peoples money , including bucks , then left the country .
no , if phantom has seen this report , he s probably on his way out of the country by now .
he too had lost his family because of war in one country or another , and he felt obligated to help those like himself .
you rejected everything i said and got ready to pack up and high tail it out of the country .
after a left and a right we pulled into buffalo trails country club .
victoria had been positive that jeff was still on the other side of the country .
and their parents were out of the country .
as was the retention of british citizenship through further , english , relatives with whom he had stayed and gone to college when he returned to this country .
he had a french background and came to this country in the early seventies , explained tobin helpfully .
alan harper was still jimmy mitchell , he could nt change that ; he had fled the country , that could nt be changed ; and , he was being chased by someone that tobin had no control over .
he decided to give heather one final call before leaving the country and went in search of a quiet spot to phone her .
the improvement in his morale , brought about by the meal and the wash , was tempered with the thought that he was not only marooned in a foreign country , but that his identity was now known for certain .
they also played a major role in keeping the aids epidemic from spreading into the entire population of this country .
i am very fortunate to have access to some of the best minds in the country , yes .
i ' m afraid that we all listened to dr . gallo for too long in the beginning of this case , apparently like the whole country may have listened to him for too long about hiv !
according to comedienne elayne boosler , when men get depressed , they invade another country .
the least i can do is try to help 300,000 aids victims in your country who died from a similar ... what shall we call it , mistakeby a very misguided research scientist .
no , we all live in different parts of the country .
what about your home country of germany ?
well , obviously , mr . baker , we did nt test everyone in this country and find exactly one million of them had hiv .
in this country .
and the incidence of aids in africa has skyrocketed anywhere in africa that azt has appeared basically everywhere except south africa , whose president , until recently , refused to let azt into his country .
what concerns me more are the number of people dying from aids in my country whatever causes it and that , too , i question .
south africa is a poor country .
he was concerned about my people and strongly believed that i should allow azt into my country to combat our aids epidemic .
i watched as other countries in africa brought azt in , and the number of deaths from aids went up , like an epidemic , while deaths from aids in south africa stayed relatively the same , even using this very strange definition .
will you show me why aids in my country does n't even need hiv to be present to qualify as aids ?
there are now somewhere between 4.5 and 6.5 million people , in my country alone , who supposedly have hiv , depending on whose statistics you want to believe .
mr . president , what , if anything , happened after your visit to see president clinton in 2000 , when you still refused to allow azt into your country ?
the pressure increased , both from inside my country and outside .
a study from the south african health department claimed that , all of a sudden , there were now over 6 million people in my country infected with hiv , making us number one in the world for the largest number of hiv - positives .
on one hand , its a sign of the times that most americans pay so little attention and give so little of themselves to people in other countries who really needed our help .
remember when i said that there were one - hundred people a day still being diagnosed hiv - positive in this country ?
he owned his own atm business , and they traveled all over the country together in a motor home .
in this case , burke was testing a broad cross - section of military applicants not just high - risk gay men or iv drug users or hemophiliacs , who have always made up 95 % of all hiv - positives in this country .
in fact , if we take the burke study and apply it to the 300 million people in this country who the cdc wants to test , we will get 3 million people who test positive on their initial elisa .
sarah just shakes her head , lamenting how far down the medical profession has sunk in this country .
but i especially ca nt leave the country .
what would happen if i got sick while i was in another country ?
do i have to disclose my hiv if i go into another country ?
in fact , there is a trial going on in phoenix right now suggesting that azt actually caused 95 % of the aids cases up through 1997 in this country , and that it was responsible for the death of over 300,000 hiv - positives , rather than hiv .
no , this was definitely not a conspiracy , like the kennedy assassination , or the gulf of tonkin that got this country into the vietnam war .
ladies and gentlemen , you have to do the right thing , not only to bring justice for beth ann brooks and her family , but to send a message to all the other hiv - positives out there around this country who think they can get away with having sex with whomever they want and let the chips fall where they may .
she also loved to travel and took at least one major trip every year to some exotic foreign country .
its a free country , jillian .
both people from other countries and our country , jillian , are not the nicest people you d want to be around .
you planned to take her away with you and leave the country .
julian found it almost eerie how he and the player were like some sort of long lost twins whose lives were driving down the same road in different countries .
she left the player and wrote a novel about an american traveling to the third world trying to escape her own country but finding it impossible .
her first book was dedicated to him , as was the next four years of her life michelle had managed to get julian to get on several planes and travel to several countries in a search for culture .
coxs mind went to the next morning when he would have every news service and media outlet in the country banging down his door and he was unsure as to how well he could keep them at bay .
he battled the internet and a country getting smaller and smaller as it also got dumber and dumber .
when his editor at the local sports rag found out he had left the game and failed to gather the details of the star players knee or what was left of it he fired hector on the spot but hector sold his photographs of the wreckage to several papers and magazines around the country and pretty much assured his future .
tucker is one of the most respected journalists and authors in the country and these allegations have shocked close friends and associates although some anonymous sources at the new york times have commented that tucker was behaving erratically during the last weeks before his disappearance and there were reports from some sources saying the normally impeccably punctual and well groomed tucker was late for work and unkempt more often than not in recent weeks .
all over the country , young boys will read this book and dream of a life of hard drinking , womanizing and a place at the head of new york society .
your honor , my client has not left the country in over five years and has nt the means to do so now .
' are you ever in this country for more than two weeks at a time ? '
do nt leave the country , one of them joked as they left .
do nt leave the country ?
he could have lost his memory or fled the country or have been called to a relatives bedside without having time to let anybody know .
he had never really been keen on leaving the country since then .
she had probably been stopped on her way to the airport by a secret government organisation of which only two people in the country were aware , and taken to an abandoned mineshaft somewhere to moulder away until - no .
it would nt be in the right spirit at all to break the news to maisie sue that not only had pearson done something without asking her permission first , but that he had been acting as an agent of the u.s . government at the time and had since been reprimanded by the british authorities for attempting to frame christopher as a terrorist and had been lucky not to be deported from the country .
i have it on additional good authority that she is a wonderful medium and this spirit photography she creates is the best in the country , if not the world .
for in that colourful country , i have known that spiritual men own nothing and are elevated to gods , while wealthy basket manufacturers are delegated to a lesser status than servants .
there were a few hurdles in front of her still : joining the right organization , fundraising , convincing her parents she was ready to leave the country for good .
what if you got to your dream closed country and you just were nt up to it ?
it is utterly ridiculous for you to think that you could go into a dangerous country unprotected when you ca nt even follow the rules at harvest .
gone : the tangle saga verity drummer would rather hide away at the edge of the solar system than face her responsibilities as queen of that little country back on earth , but when her rebellious brother and sister disappear , her responsibilities catch up with her .
not only is it pretty centrally located , but missouri has the highest serial killer per capita rate in the country .
drawing and quartering was used long before the middle ages , but it became vogue in england and some of the other northern countries during the high middle ages because it was quick and easy to improvise .
mais , yeah you re living a carefree life , traveling all over , even to foreign countries .
karl wassermann entered the country under the name of charles waterman , with a forged passport , early in december .
it was sheer bravado on my part : i knew he could kill me and be out of the country within hours , evading capture as he always had done .
you ve already done more for your country than most people would do in a hundred years .
i do nt want to frighten you , miss murray , said peter chalmers , sounding more than a little amused , but there are other former nazis in the country as well as wassermann .
she had always been one to enjoy studying history of her own country , and now she was getting to study a society that is across the world and thousands of years old , but he mentioned it to her , therefore it must have some significance .
they were able to book a last minute flight out of the country .
why , hell get his picture and his name all over the country .
he tell me about once there was a great man here in this country it is jefferson .
they know the crooks must be trying to get the stuff out of the country , but that s all they know .
believe me , i like it not , neither , but all life it was savage in my country in those days , and the manner of saving souls was of no moment compared with the savings .
it was idyllic , and i was mesmerized , as always , by the sense of being in another country .
i m sorry he s out of the country this week ; he d like to meet you .
the two individuals that had been previously interviewed left the country before their visas expired .
hell , she would ve trekked halfway across the country just to place some distance between herself and the memories of that brutal night five months ago .
this bumpy , rutted , shoulderless ribbon of concrete was maintained as if it existed in a third world country , but every two miles or so of bad road revealed tasting rooms pouring oh - so - tiny - little - sippy - shots of world - class wine .
he said they are out of the country on vacation .
it seemed like the whole damned country of syria was on fire .
she was constantly away on courses or meeting clients in different parts of the country .
christ , here i am in a foreign country and never in my wildest dreams could i have imagined that i would ever be involved in something like this .
i am confident they are not interested in sally any longer but i think you should stay in the safety of the country for the time being .
the resistance fighter who fought bravely for his country , suffered an horrific injury that still plagues him as a consequence , and is now just left with a few fond tales to tell in the local bars .
the only thing to cause a chink of concern was lambourne 's flippant remark that the area where they lived , east grinstead , was ' home to more fringe religious groups than any other part of the country . '
i thought he was out of the country .
you make it sound like she was trekking halfway across the country .
foxes in london were a common sight unlike in the country where due to a perverse twist of nature they were less prevalent , at least to public eyes .
a regular sort of hospital waiting room like the ones you find in medical waiting rooms all over the country .
although the cars are still made in britain , and are known as a british car , the company is owned by tata motors and what with our history and links with the country i m delighted , said stuart .
the home secretary was worried about public perceptions across the country , and the commissioner of the west yorkshire police was worried about the figures for the county as a whole .
often it 's not even the same country .
tony banks knew that if he grassed up logan he would have to leave the country .
montanans had a proud history of serving their country , including her own father , whose career choice he readily admitted was partly the result of the states notorious lack of decent , steady employment .
happenings in the western states rarely made the front page of an eastern newspaper , unless you counted news from california , which might as well be a foreign country as far as most montanans were concerned .
a maroon bronco is nt exactly an exotic vehicle in this part of the country , mesa said .
a couple of hours in mormon country will do that to you , chance joked .
according to irita , he s been back in the country less than a month .
its about a five - hour flight over some pretty awesome country .
but well be prepared if the country goes to hell in a hen basket .
and the girl could be anywhere , pick a country , boone glared .
she went to the last party and met a very handsome man from some foreign country .
we need your help with any contacts you may have in the country , boone beseeched .
* * * * this is a country of contradiction ; the super rich and ultra poor .
the country got rich from petroleum , built roads and you could bore yourself to death sitting on the curb waiting for a car to drive by .
but wo nt the king know you are back in the country and without the prince ?
being a wolf , he could outrun any human if he turned wolf and run through the mountains into the neighboring country .
she wanted leave the country as soon as possible .
i ve been in this country for over four years .
a young blonde virgin is worth her weight in gold in this country , logan reminded her .
they have foreign fathers who got their mothers pregnant and then left the country .
they knew having spent nearly a decade in the country not to extend their hand to her .
he did nt want anyone to know boone and delilah were new to the country .
but then she remembered the fight for the acceptance of the equal rights amendment to the u.s . constitution still occurring in her own country .
i m sure after this mission we will need to leave this country and start over somewhere else .
we will fly you both out of the country , delilah added .
not only did they need to rescue lucy but they needed to escape the country .
from there , the six would head north towards the mountains and into the neighboring country where the private jet awaited to return them to the states .
i did n't hear about it right off , because i was out of the country for more than two years , but the way it was told to me afterwards , it happened something like this : she was out riding one day and a low branch knocked her off the horse - a pure accident , it could have happened to anybody .
now , there were thousands of girls between 14 a 24 in the country .
` ` and what about low lying countries like the maldives or bangladesh ? ''
he was based in hampton , new hampshire , but he traveled all over the country to teach , and even had a campus planned on an estate in jamaica for those aspiring students who wished to combine vacation time with spiritual enlightenment .
i knew that the gaudy stuff like the peacock had to go because i could never sell them in this country , but loose diamonds would nt be a problem .
` ` the country was known as atl - andes , '' she said .
alicia said the country she came from was called atl - andes .
i ' m not short of funds since my mother died , but i do n't think the busies would let me go out of the country .
outside the big cities it 's an under populated country . ''
you ve seen those kids , the twins , they do what they want , they re not afraid of authority i do nt know why i m upset ; the school is the worst in the country .
i know after he saw the country he wanted to see the world .
the receptionist told her that mr . ochorios was out of the country .
she felt as though she were in a foreign country .
she said she had been all over the country but had never handled a claim in the the keys .
hopefully he 'll cooperate with a statement , even if he 's out of the country .
eventually he said , when i was a little kid , i wanted to join the coast guard and ultimately i did serve a tour of duty in the coast guard because i felt i owed it to uncle sam to do something for my country .
for one thing , i know better than trying to talk an insurance company into letting me travel out of the country .
if you steer clear of the cities it 's a beautiful country .
moving talesadventures in relocation if you or somebody you know is packing up for a migration across town , across the country or around the world , moving tales , adventures in relocation , offers a welcome diversion to the broken dishes , lost furniture and everything else that always seems to go wrong during a move .
finally , his unit of the durham light infantry was involved in sweeping up through the low countries of belgium and holland .
inspector , this is my fathers disc , or dog tag , as this country refers to such objects .
so this young man , he must have been very young at the time he died , is finally discovered in our country , and someone decides that it is nt worth pursuing .
he then pressed his face right into alberts and whispered , i ve already got a list as long as my arm of poor bastards like you who lied to me , and you will be visiting them soon in the south of the country if you do nt start telling the truth .
as i studied my trade in czechoslovakia , i have first - hand knowledge of rare and valuable items from my own country .
its probably nothing but i was interested in a foreign national who may or may not have been registered for tax in this country .
jack prepared himself as he spoke , unlike this country , where there has been debate about conscientious objectors , the reich made sure there was no such thing in germany .
he was being depicted as fair - minded , modest , able to deal with trouble , and not least of all , a man who d fought for his country .
his passing changed nothing in the village , but indirectly improved the chances of karl escaping the country .
i m told it will make a lot of people nervous if we uncover what really happened in 1945 , not just here but elsewhere in the country .
if we make even the slightest suggestion that the evidence connects to other parts of the country , you ll see the case evaporate before your eyes .
so he worked in this country for some time ?
well , connie said we had to do it the other way around , you know , narrow down the possible identity first , because it would be mission impossible to run through every male dental record in the country to find a match .
its famous in our folklore , made in our country , but then there were allegations that it was stolen .
he was apprehended trying to leave the country at newcastle docks .
i would like to go back to my country but not in bonn .
mr vogt worked out of the national coal board head office , and travelled to many installations around the country , but was paid out of the derwenthaugh coffers .
we all want him out of our country and that wo nt be achieved unless we track him down with methodology and not ballyhoo .
your stuff , espionage related presence in the country , is different , and there was early reconnaissance activity , so i m leaving that to you .
can you get me solid information on all of the pow camps in the country during the war ?
that is of course , as long as were talking about the same country .
yes , well i believe all the refineries in the country are near the coastline , so none are too near .
there was no record of their deaths in the immediate years after they were deemed as having left the country .
he was single , lived alone , the proprietor of a one - man business , and now known to be a collaborator against his own country during the conflict .
the germans have the original , which belongs in my country , not in the hands of westernised germans , they are even worse than the stasi in east berlin .
i work for the government and i m looking for a missing airman who should have left the country .
i understand you work around the country most of the time .
they wanted karl out of the country because they believed he was just an ignorant conduit .
i had other deliveries to remote parts of the country which were running smoothly , and gunther said the unnamed collection man had also stopped his visits without giving any explanation .
they could be absolutely anything , missing persons and the related searches , people trying to leave the country without proper documentation , follow your nose maggie .
well , they were introduced prematurely to soften the defences of this country prior to any plan to invade .
i am an expert in this field and i could get access to every source in the country .
devlin had anticipated the need to leave the shores of his country , and had brought his entire liquid assets with him .
yes , that is correct , neither have you , but i know who you are , and your reputation is very high in my country .
maybe you know of him , he was a prisoner in your country until the end of the war , a luftwaffe pilot , by the name of gunther klein .
they will hear that his shop in your country lies abandoned .
the dutch resistance were able to hunt down german spies by manoeuvring them into mouthing the name of a town in the west of the country .
we also have a full list of the prisoners who were kept in the high spen camp , and documented evidence that the same man was detained in the newcastle nick after having tried to leave the country on a danish freighter .
karl heinz and theo devlin got out of the country and then split up .
my source is adamant that he never surrendered that ring to his boss when he left the country with karl .
he and devlin escaped the country .
* the man with the code name , who collected the microfilm from all over the country had been the real architect of the plan to plant the second ring and the duplicate dog tag on emmers , before he was thrown into the river .
you know , i m married now with a son , and its time we brits recognised that all people from a particular country are nt the same .
when we flew over this part of your country markus jumped out of the aircraft ahead of me , and never explained that he was to work with vogt and the man with the code name .
do you have any friends across the country , someone who has no connection with cincinnati ? ''
` ` so you decide you want to experience living in squalor in a war - torn third - world country .
it was something shed experienced in other countries , but never expected to see in northern california .
adam porter was well known , not only by the women in his home of mariposa , but by females across the country .
he looked exactly like what arden imagined a father would look like in this part of the country .
stewie probably would nt tell anyone about it , but buck was going to be spreading this all over the country .
i m sure the police have ways to know if he was in the country or not when paula was murdered .
if terrys been out of the country , why are you so convinced he s the one who murdered her ?
he s just going to get the folder you took out of paulas apartment , and then he s leaving the country again .
in my mind , i was already halfway across the country .
first clue : mountains are triangles , triangles are sweet the country with both , is where an attorney you ll meet second clue : of angels eight one marks the gates , p , zero , zero are its co - ordinates .
he s been my best friend since i ran away from home when i was sixteen and moved across the country from my lovely montana to new york .
branden told me you left home when you were sixteen and moved across the country all by yourself .
she talked about planning to move to a third world country to work with children .
i saw one of those annoying news shows about cults around the country , the religious salvation kinds , the suicidal kinds , the dark magic kinds .
pearl estates resides just outside the college district , three competing schools that somehow lure students from all over the country .
although i hear in your country , some have actually learned to work together .
in this region of the country major rivers did nt freeze over often .
its a good country to make money if you do nt mind a bit of hard graft .
did our country bobbies investigate when mr . kerrow died ?
when i told her i had moved from england , she sighed and said she had travelled extensively , but not to other countries because she was concerned with not knowing other languages .
i come to this country with nothing but the clothes on my back and look at me now .
lewis went on tour around the country .
while touring the country , he performed on the louisiana hayride .
college scouts from all across the country had their eye on her .
` ` okay leah this is not like finding a missing girl in orlando we are in a foreign country .
if you have enough money you can have things smuggled into the country .
from our first trip down to mexico with nelly and gwen to us fleeing the country on foot less than twenty minutes earlier .
a single tribal group , a small number of dedicated men from my country , attempted to destroy the bell against the multitude of forces quickly assembled to defend it .
yet by its very presence and existence standing over the harbor of our greatest city , it symbolically still welcomes marauding outsiders and continues to cheer on the destruction of my country .
an older black woman called out , doctor owerri , you describe parallels existing between your country , a country of the third world and our country , the post - industrial united states .
an older black woman called out , doctor owerri , you describe parallels existing between your country , a country of the third world and our country , the post - industrial united states .
an older black woman called out , doctor owerri , you describe parallels existing between your country , a country of the third world and our country , the post - industrial united states .
in my country we have always had a ruling class , those who survive and participate in each historical stage of the country .
some of the families who run my country today are descendants of the same ones who traded its people to the europeans during the slave trade .
from the accounts in our legends , they did not embrace the culture of slavery which existed in most tribes in my country .
doctor owerri smiled and said , many centuries ago my family owned most of the land in the south of the country .
canoes , in our country of that period , were a sign of wealth .
oh , yes , she nodded , i taught in my country for many years .
she continued to speak over her shoulder , and said , as you may know , i am no longer welcome in my country .
the man hates this country , observed the old man as he sat down with their crabs .
it was to get attention for african issues and hold it in river sunday because most of the black citizens were descended from slaves brought from african countries .
in my country the trickster is one of our old gods , before the christians came and taught us , a god who communicated between the people and the highest gods .
doctor owerri talked about murder in her country too .
keep in mind that what i say about my own country could be said about any country in the world .
keep in mind that what i say about my own country could be said about any country in the world .
a country may be rich today and poor tomorrow due only to the vagueness of nature , food growth , pollution , disease , age , and the loss of spirit that comes with overabundance .
you ask a man in utter poverty living with closeness of death to wait until another civilization collapses from excess and his country is restored while his children and his wife die of thirst or starvation or disease .
we want our country , our home , returned to us .
let me say , beware that this gasoline is used on you here in america and in other united nations countries .
were going to be the laughing stocks of the whole country .
all the countries were colored with blotches of white among other hues of yellow , black and tans .
she was praying smote was not dead from the hands of another evil just as bad as the ones she had grown up with in her native country .
this man was one of the greatest barterers , traders , that my country , indeed the west of africa , had ever seen .
many times your father would smile in approval as i relayed messages from the guerillas to the chiefs , passed information preparing for the revolutionary fighting and the various civil wars , battles that eventually forced you father to flee the country .
all this time i have aided my friend , the snake , and others , to come into the country to use your fathers ill - gotten money to help our cause .
your country , it has so much power that it forgets , it wastes , and from that waste , we can get what we need to kill you .
i knew that a substantial civil war was going on in an african country to the south so i went there to discuss my new weapon .
you would die for your country , would nt you , tench ?
you say you are a snake , yet your flight suit is black like the black colors of the early european prophets who came to your country , tench pointed out .
as your captain i promised you that we would return to our country , that this mission would soon be over .
he wondered who the real terrorists were , this man with the shoulder fired rocket who wanted to kill non - whites , or the african doctor who desired revenge for the evil done to her country by whites .
so many people in this country are against it , but i believe that all these diversified cultures that step foot in this country should be festively welcomed ; because they are simply puzzle pieces to an even greater culture , the usas .
maybe i say this because i also come from another country , but in the end , who does nt ?
having a bomb planted was easier ; for it turned all the heads to some terrorist organization that had threatened the country before .
all the while , and in the dulcet drawl of a kentucky colonel , brother ed made his pitch for god , country , and the tithes of the faithfulthat the coffers of heaven may be full , and that the ministry of this great temple may go forth .
i wish we could just buy you off and you d move out of the country , or at least to another state .
we d be front page news in every grocery store in the country .
behold yourself to meet the most eligible bachelor in the country .
god knows they may leave the country , kiara said with frustration .
every few steps i stop and look around , trying to see this familiar recycling yard with fresh eyes , as if i have parachuted into a foreign country .
barb was nt the firstweve been hiring people like her all over the country .
october was a tricky month for weather in this part of the country .
if his popularity continued to rise , he would end up governing the city of berlin and possibly the entire country .
this country will be free of jewry by the time you arrive into power , but until then you have a lot to learn .
he loves this country and your father .
no one was sure of his country of origin .
he had been lured from germany to conduct the fledgling ensemble just seven years earlier and he had quickly succeeded in establishing the young orchestra as one of the top new orchestras in the country , despite the formidable competition provided by the city 's other major orchestra , which had been considered one of the top orchestras in the world for decades .
that s why we ve got a job while a lot of fine orchestral musicians around the country do nt .
he was out of the country for much of the last two years .
and what brings you to gods country ?
the government has got a policy against peat extraction in this country .
there were more police , of course , in total , but they were from many forces around the country - reinforcements brought in from yorkshire and beyond - and they were n't working effectively as one unit .
she had told a tale of helping at other camps around the country , mainly down in the south east , around london .
he could live anywhere , any country in the world .
he also had a selection of folk tunes , many from his native country .
it was a time to think about fallen comrades and colleagues who had given their lives for their country .
he 'd been down in sussex at the time , but he liked to keep up with all the news in the protest field , up and down the country .
david cameron had invested a lot in saying how bridie and her brother were a wonderful example of the ' new spirit of drive , ambition and business acumen ' in the country .
maybe i was out of the country , melia was thinking .
some of them were against protesters - on principle - but nobody was persuaded that ramming pipes in the earth to drag out yet more natural gas was any kind of answer to the country 's problems .
sunset , he thought , in a northern country .
to the queen , to their country , to their church , and to their society .
and its made britain the most powerful country in the world .
the clearances have driven poor scots out of the country or into even more poverty .
the doc did nt seem concerned since she was in the country of spain at the time doing with her extracurricular activities .
today is friday , august first in america making the calendar date august 2nd , saturday in the foreign country of switzerland .
ya know switzerland is said to be one of the wealthiest countries in the world in both financial and non - financial assets being one of the most powerful economies in the world , even better than us .
they re aggressive highly provoked when a human accidentally finds one along the seashores in the foreign countries of south asia and australia .
i do nt want her escaping to the foreign country of france with my life - time investment .
the foreign country of switzerland will not allow one of us or you of you entertaining any one or many swiss bankers during their national birthday party .
however she does plan to run away from the usa and hide inside the foreign country of switzerland living a grand royal life with her sexy boyfriend for the rest of her earthly days , foreverly .
one of you uploaded mr . moodys money into a personal secret bank account in the foreign country of switzerland .
we leave on monday am for a direct flight to the lovely foreign country of switzerland .
they wo nt know that you be missing until the plane lands in a foreign country , far away from the usa , taps on the new set of poker cards .
i am sure you are familiar with the outbreak of ebola that has afflicted countries on the african continent .
many have died , some even in this country .
however , on my recommendation , you are being told to accompany your wife 's remains when they leave the country and not to return .
ireland is just a speck on the map , not enough people in the whole country to populate one of our smaller cities .
for one of your years , for one from a country , which , forgive me , is not known for its wines , your taste is remarkable .
the main house features old fine furniture , older precious porcelain , cheap stainless steel or a few pieces of expensive shiny silver , costly cracked crystal , and gleaming cheap glassware from the country of japan , giggles .
where was i in my prepared speech , the gleaming glassware from the foreign country of japan , giggles .
this particular piece of furniture was created in the year 1785 in the foreign country of great britain .
during the revolutionary war of 1812 a garrison of warriors from the foreign country of great britain attacked and murdered a helpless chamber maid .
but they re not going to contribute one penny , even if its found inside the country club parking lot by the valet driver .
she did nt see his physical face having her chin kissing her breasts , but clearly heard the breath sighs of the other belles like he was a royal king of a foreign country .
the two fruity pin cushions came from the victorian era in the foreign country of great britain .
if we share the same great - grandparent we are second cousins and are therefore able to kiss , fuck , produce children , since we be royal , jo doll , well ifan we lived in foreign country of great britain , instead of the great usa .
we learn , practice , and enforce the original decree in established in the foreign country of great britain known as the royal marriage act of 1772 .
frederick was born in the country of poland , the eldest son of frederick ii eugene , duke of wurttemberg .
jocelyn says that y all are raising money for shoes of school kids in the foreign country of panama , so the little kids can go to school .
this usa country is despicable treating gods creatures like shit .
he travels around the country giving lectures , and working as a consultant for law enforcement .
it had led me on a chase across the country after a killer with a stash of gold that did nt really belong to anybody .
the identity that served him beautifully for so long was about to draw the attention of every cop in the country .
i can afford plastic surgery , and i already have a new identity i can slip into in another country .
if that does nt give you protection , ill hire the best lawyers in the country .
whether sam is dangerous or not , he has disappeared and has probably run away to a different part of the country .
our three children , their spouses and children were scattered over the country .
how did he get to this country ?
grace put a friendly smile on her face and said to connie , so , what happened when alfred came to this country ?
i do n't have travel money in my budget to allow me to go half way across the country to get a statement that tells me nothing .
bev munched on the best beef she 'd eaten in a long time and listened to the banter , knowing that the animation of the conversation may have been a bit of showing off in front of a stranger , but the subject matters they discussed were the stuff of every day conversations in similar watering holes all over the country .
anyway , i spent my youth being dragged around the country going to museums and battlefields .
i felt that i had put my life on the line for a country full of crazy people .
you hired two foreign pi 's and went out of the country yourself , twice .
i tell them that i want to stay anonymous but that i know of a dead body in a hotel room and his murderer montego chapter 10 : back to rome meeting the traitor panama is a magnificent country from the air and i wish i could get to explore it , but this time i will be very happy to leave .
officer , i have a plane to catch in bilbao i am leaving the country as soon as i can , please take the gun and let me leave .
the handsome , seven - bay house was built of pale caen stone , a popular import in such a stone - impoverished part of the country .
' this woman could have been out of the country at the time news of the murder broke .
but in my native country , i ve seen fakirs perform acts that stretch beyond the realm of imagination , such as walk over a bed of hot coals without burning , or climb an untethered rope , so i m not ready to dismiss the claims .
mr taylor was not accepted , perhaps because he was neither born nor reared in this country .
living across the country from each other was nt conducive for a close relationship .
i always assumed it was because she lived across the country .
the country was built upon the american dream .
he had gone to some of the best ivy league schools in the country .
the judge gave a speech about how great it was that he had served his country and what a shame it was that all those ungrateful hippies were out in the streets protesting .
our country was strong , but the bleeding heart in me wished all of that money could have been spent on hungry children and education .
it would nt take many to move large amounts of that white poison all over a region , if not the entire country .
he was sitting in the shabby hotel room he shared with jerry weinman , the place where they d paired up to cut expenses while they were both searching for work in a foreign country .
if i do nt leave the country , things could get ugly real quick , he said frankly , then , after waiting a minute longer and she still would nt face him , he continued .
you ca nt know anything , at least not until were out of the country , then i can tell you .
johnny , i ca nt leave the country with you when i do nt even know what s going on .
i had to take cover in her closet when johnny came over trying to take her out of the country with him .
are you willing to leave the country with me and lead the rest of your life in a foreign place ?
` ` miss eyre is working in this country legally .
i remember barney calling stonely gods country and i d thought he meant a paradise , like the garden of eden .
neither one of us drives a car , which some people from other parts of the country might consider strange but its not so unusual in the u.p .
detroits reputation as the capital of car country has nothing to do with it .
it was in god - forsaken country where you can get a lot of land for your buck .
we are nt over - eager to show affection in finn country , at least not publicly .
said he could get me into this consortium that had already bought into some of the finest champions in the country .
they know where we are at all times and how much money we are leaving and entering the country with .
but its the biggest newspaper in the city , owned by one of the richest men in town who owns six additional newspapers across the country .
all anyone has to do is fill out a declaration form listing what they are taking out of the country .
being a tyler had its advantages : prestige , name recognition , an enviable mansion to live in , access to a resort in just about any country .
what a perfect way to get the diamonds out of the country .
what a country .
its a great country for rocks .
` ` first time i clapped eyes on this country , i wanted to stay .
he was in love with this country , you know . ''
` ` we '' - he indicated patrick - ` ` we hired george because he knows this country .
now , this country is like those floating blocks of fat . ''
` ` most of this country is granite , floating on lava .
if i did n't die from the shock of finding anything in this country , i 'd never tell .
this country 's had enough of its beauty spots gouged and torn in the name of money .
` ` this country used to be covered with a glacier .
its a fact that there are few flat campsites in the country .
expressionless , he shook my hand , like an ambassador from a far - off country .
` ` there 's enough dark and cold in this country . ''
someone who know the country pretty well would come in handy .
it looked like any other tiny lake in this country , with marshy areas around most of the shores , and a deep blue in the middle .
poor bastard died in the country he loved .
they canoed and walked a lot of this country together .
i d tried to borrow one , a shotgun , but nobody would lend me one , not in this country with its gun laws .
when we met , you said this country has had enough of its beauty torn and gouged out for money .
the country was eden , but the year was getting old , and so was i. kele crawled out from under his tarp as i was starting the pot on to boil over the fire .
it was post - war , the baby boom had caught the country by surprise , and there was a desperate shortage of classrooms and teachers .
you could buy a sailboat today and ship a load of drugs into the country as a freelance .
the wave - tops sparkling like gods dance floor , and the islands spread out in a vision that would be hard to find in any other country on this planet .
christ , it seems like i m the only intelligent person in this country some times , and i know i m no genius .
we all get to september in this country .
sometime about the first week of june summer gets to this country .
but , i thought about it all the way across the country today .
if he could get her out of the country quickly enough , that story would still hold together .
he s deluded , no doubt , but he really thought they would move out of the country and live off the money and she would never know .
hell , why not the country for that matter ?
` ` you did it while your nephew was out of the country . ''
they told me you were out of the country . ''
for the better part of the next two minutes , mr . elias went on to give an abreviated history of elias and gordon , hinting at their part in some of the country 's more famous and infamous criminal cases .
as we speak , authorities in france and germany are comparing patrick montgomary 's itinerary in those two countries with murders that took place when he was there .
it 's quite possible , i think , that this evening he was totally and honestly convinced i was a murderer who had killed a series of women both in this country and overseas .
it would n't surprise me if she tried to leave the country . ''
i 'd never left the country before coming here .
to be free of the cloying fear that chased us from new york across the country .
this is bat country .
the descendants spread out all over the country .
i 'll bet she 's spent more time in europe than outside the city in her own country . ''
eventually she gave up trying to understand what they were saying and let the dialog simply become sound , much as she did when she was in a country whose language she did not speak .
he began by noting that this was a watershed moment for the people of this city , state and country .
i love my country .
i love my country as it should be , not as it is .
can we even get in that country ? ?
on the one hand , she was tired from the trip across the country , but on the other , she was absolutely energetic with excitement about her new life and a party sounded like a great way to start it all out .
we put out a warning to all recipients of sharpley organs ( there were ninety five of them across the country ) .
` ` the bottom line , mr . suns , is that we are a war machine now looking for a new crusade , and you are going to give it to us if you know what 's best for yourself , your friends , your nation , and your country .
` ` his service to his country and his race will not go unnoticed .
no wonder people from all over the country , and the world , planned their business conferences here .
we live so far out in the country that it would be ridiculous for you to try to find a restaurant .
when i 'd suggested this to ralston , he had enthusiastically sent requests to every trailer manufacture in the country .
the colonel spoke about the hot summer weather , and asked john what the climate was like in his part of the country .
john looked surprised , and said that he had no part of the country .
there has been much evil in my country in past .
various russian dolls , ones we call matryoshks in my country , stood fiercely at attention on the pale shelf .
i was a young lady ; a stranger to this country , a foreigner .
not all people in my country are drinking like this , i informed alexander .
it must be difficult for you to be here , all alone in a strange house , in a foreign country , he said , bending down to one knee and stroking my hand kindly .
that was an old one , even in my country .
i know you been here in this country now five weeks .
he was the man who was going to find her niece and help get her safelyand quietlyout of the country .
if it turns out we are successful , you will have to leave the country quickly with a person who will possess false identifications , and a forged american passport .
you would not be shocked , he said , mais non , and in my country , to have the bb with no father is ... not so terrible he shrugged .
i brought her into the country illegally , you know .
i mean the agency , the city , the state , the country .
gary was determined that before he left the country he would make sure that maggie was nt racing full tilt down the road to sure destruction and heart break as she currently was .
we rank in the top ten cities across the country for homicides .
he s so wrapped up in his own plans to bolt the country that he really does nt care .
so he s moving out of the country as a result ?
darla tried to imagine this box , with its fragile , hidden prize , in the bowels of some rusting tramp steamer making its tedious , laborious way across the pacific ocean , past atolls , uninhabited islands , radiation - cooked archipelagos , and ancient shipwrecks to the lonely little apostrophe of a country in the middle of the sea , at the bottom of the world .
she died because of a sickness in her own country .
monday morning found me again parked near her house , hoping this time for a day more exciting than the daily sabbatical to the country club .
rene loves to travel and has visited numerous countries around the world .
allowing the innocent trip to a local swap meet , where a precariously placed china plate caught her attention and before he knew it she is the proud owner of a set of chine dishes she insisted would match the one they had packed all over the country .
never had he heard the story of the chinas journey to this country , until she compared the two sets .
if you take my advice , you ll grab what cash you have nt already spent , and leave the country .
the first was useful in a negative way anya dortmanns flatmate confirmed that she had left the country a week ago , to start her new job in portugal .
he would have to check with the airline , but it looked as if anya was out of the country when chewter died .
at frayminster police station sue was escorted into a room and her fingerprints were taken , though it was explained to her that as she had been out of the country she was not a suspect .
i was approached by some people who i later realised were from the secret service , and i was invited to train to serve queen and country in intelligence .
a county , or a country .
i wo nt tell you his name , but he was a powerful politician in a country that was is dangerous .
those who run the country do nt care at all about the people as long as they can live the high life , they carry on grabbing everything .
we were sent to well , the country in question , and we managed to present ourselves as well - known and successful dance teachers .
it was a really poor country then ?
james was no longer looking at paula , but gazing into the middle distance , enveloped in memories of another country .
the other agents and i had to be got out of the country as fast as possible , and i was kept in hiding for some time .
it turned out that what was going on in that country was a small part of a vast international criminal operation , and i d nearly blown it .
the madame rohmer she had crossed the country to find ?
by the time they arrived at the hospital , nina had notified most of the birch family members across the country , arranged for pet care with larry , and had even left a message for steve to return her call .
on page two hundred twenty five , the book told about a treasure that would make israel the richest country in the world .
those are the things that would make israel the richest country in the world .
i must have made big eyes at her for she hurried to add somewhat defensively , many police forces across the country use psychics to help them solve cases where all the clues have dried up .
jobs were bleeding off to more modern facilities to the southwest or worse , leaving the country altogether for the third world .
we have a temporary home again in the country .
all over the country .
they have a satellite hookup - broadcast all over the country .
maybe he knows the country well , he thought .
stands to reason they would n't hang around there with a quarter of a million bucks and the whole country jumping . ''
he would have liked to remain to savor this magnificent country , and better still , he would have given anything to have someone to share it with .
she was concerned dr . grinberg might leave the country with haley .
9 ) i question lisas judgment of taking haley with her on long multi - week trips throughout the country while haley was still an infant , and in fact even at the current time .
to be safe she would be completely out of the country when the crime was to be committed .
the contract murder of lisa still had not been suggested to him but the snare was in place and the imaginary victim was safely out of the country .
police said lisa cohen was to be killed later this month after grinberg left the country on a trip .
that s what this whole country is all aboutwanting and getting things .
people did nt cram onto small boats hundreds of years ago and leave their homes in europe and asia to come all the way over here to a new and often hostile country to just sit on their behinds and get nothing .
they were unreachable except for their hard assets in this country .
throughout the history of this country and the world for that matter , brave men and women have gone forward , putting their personal safety on the line to bring all the news , to all the people .
arte , born of greek parents , immigrated to this country at three years of age .
i ve been offered scholarships to complete my doctorate studies at most of the prestigious universities in the country .
our best and only plan right at this moment is to make preparations to get out of this part of the country as quickly as possible and never come back .
when trevor asked for details , the description reminded him of some of the cases he had read about livestock being attacked around the country and of big cats being offered as a possible explanation .
there were numerous reports of strange , howling noises at night , and a cow , discovered dead in a field , exhibited bite marks considered by a local vet not to be made by any animal to be found native to this country .
there have been no reported escapes of a large animal from any of the local zoos or known collections , but this does not discount the possibility that a breeding population of non - native wild cats has managed to establish itself in this country .
she had joined at the start of the fifth year , her family having just moved from somewhere in the west country , and although her pretty looks made her instantly popular among the boys , the girls tended to resent her , viewing her as an unwelcome intruder who had arrived too late to break into already well - established friendships .
sightings from around the country that , until proven otherwise , it was sensible to assume that his quarry was a puma .
before 1976 pretty much anything was considered fair game ... john winced and art excused the unintentional pun , continuing , to be kept as a domestic pet in this country .
he did nt leave the country with you last monday ?
he was amused , though , to see an article , accredited to his friend trevor , on the subject of canine excrement , reporting in sensationalist terms the problem of dogs muck on the streets of our country , comparing it as a peril only barely second to the threat of al - qaida terrorism as a matter of national urgency .
the barman does nt speak a word of english , in fact i ve no idea what language he does speak , or what country i m in , but it does nt really matter , because i ve got a cold beer that tastes wonderful , washes my pain away , and the barman is the best stereotype i can imagine , big and friendly , with a huge moustache , plastered back hair and a trampoline belly .
well , who can blame him , he s probably the best paid lawyer in the country .
anywhere else in the country , these would be described as older houses built in the 50s , or fixer - uppers or starter homes .
henry recalled that at the time it seemed a little odd that he headed for the nevada desert in order to look for snow suits with weapon access amidst the palm trees of the countrys largest warm weather destination .
the ones that can be solved from behind a computer terminal anyway , i ve told them i do nt want to travel all over the country .
i did and started working on entering the properties into the multiple listing service that all the agencies across the country use .
i came over to this country nine years ago to go to stanford .
like i took a fucking year off and traveled around the southwest , i originally wanted to go home to see my parents , but i could nt leave the country .
yeah , i suppose that if everything was working properly , if you pulled someone over for a traffic violation on the streets of palm springs , the governments computer would let you know that they were in the country illegally , and instead of hauling them in for a busted taillight , you d end up deporting them .
he was in and out of hospitals all over the country getting it worked on , but it killed him in the end . ''
but that was his own country .
ireland is a big country .
at least confined to london there was a search area , but if this madman was now touring the country they were in big trouble ?
the british on tour what a lovely advertisement for the country as they got onto the a23 jane looked up .
oh lets see shall we began jane sarcastically , i ve been wandering around the country in a daze of unhappiness , despair , looking for redemption by killing people and extracting various body partsso no , i am not fucking bothered ! !
which is a muslim country ... and i obviously look like its the first i ve heard about it , because he goes , have you had a cat scan , did you sustain a head injury ?
would they , if they kept moving from country to country ?
would they , if they kept moving from country to country ?
there is a grid running across the entire country , it 's marked on the ordnance survey maps .
i will be flying ( by private jet ) into the country soon enough .
i also know that you are in the country .
he is in the country .
results show them to be a private bank registered in a country called lichtenstein , a small county in europe where money goes to loose itself , a no - questions - asked tax haven .
what we have here is a value about equal to a little country .
do you know the country code for canada ?
it left him gratified that their countries of origin gave them something to talk about , which helped breakthe ice .
great , the only german that i have met since i been in this country that does nt speak english .
they say this is the country of love , he thought , hoping to be added to the list of those fortunate souls that had connected in this legendary place .
it was not long before he reached his destination , and even though he did not think of himself as a tourist this time around , he still was ending up at the most iconic place in the country .
did you run out of women to murder in your own country ?
about thirty minutes into the journey , the noises that he had heard coming from people and cars on the outside became almost nonexistent , and it was clear that they were on the outskirts of the city , probably on the way to one of the notorious prisons of the country , after all , what better place to house such an infamous prisoner .
as you say in your country , a win - win situation , he said starting to rise out of his seat .
he was a soldier of the highest order , willing to give his life for his country .
i m sorry a man of your sensitive nature had to suffer so much in the service of his country , finch said dryly .
there are several promising projects that have been brought to me that i believe would bring great economic boon to the country .
major strikes were sweeping the country .
even bill haywood was growing optimistic , seeing that sympathy instead of scorn was now being given to striking workers across the country .
archie grew unexpectedly emotional as he approached , then read the inscription on the base of the pillar : to the soldiers and sailors of the united states who gave their lives for their country in the war 1898 - 99 with spain this monument is dedicated in sorrow gratitude and pride by the national society of the colonial dames of america in the name of all the women of the nation 1902 section 21 , site 357 .
in one speech he declared , if on this continent we merely build another country of great but unjustly divided material prosperity , we shall have done nothing .
with his support around the country plummeting , the presidents advisors determined that he should travel on a cross - country barnstorming tour to promote his policies and reinvigorate his popularity .
i ve been gallivanting across the country with the president .
barnstorming the country , haywood delivered one incendiary speech after another , speeches that denounced the capitalist system and offered a militant socialist vision as the only alternative .
thousands of people across the country were wiring haywood to take in the children .
this is a foreign country .
but neither did he want to alienate roosevelt , the man he felt tremendously close to and who was probably more capable of leading the country out of its morass .
no , your holiness , my only wish is that my country and the holy see remain in good stead and that our governments retain close and cordial relations .
god bless our country , america , astor declared .
its a big country out there , and people do get lost .
washington , dc funding had been cut deeply across the country on so many fronts , including monies for national forests and parks .
i would be labeled as another crazy tourist in over his head in big sky country .
but like the grid of highways in this country , most trails intersect other trails .
ins handles processing of illegal immigrants , most of them being deported back to their countries of origin .
even this isolated outpost had many ties to the rest of the country and the world .
a typical military - style truck one sees at reserve facilities all over the country and often on the highways chugging along alone or in convoys .
i ve been worried about you , traveling all alone across the country .
he was captured in a battle with us forces in afghanistan , incarcerated in that country , and scheduled to be shipped to the detention center in guantanamo bay , cuba .
you could be useful later if we need to divert attention away from here , maybe have you show up in some other part of the state or the country .
besides , the afghans grew up in a country torn apart by war , internal conflict , and invasion for decades .
many news reports about afghanistan on tv cover the growing of poppies in that country .
they were lost in a foreign country .
big sky country was my new home .
he knew that all the things that had happened to him in the last day were outside of the limits of possibility for most people , and since his only corroborating witness was a man who believed himself to be the emperor of san francisco , charlie knew he would never be able to convince anyone that he had been pursued and attacked by giant foulmouthed ravens and then declared the tour guide to the undiscovered country by a sultry oracle in fuck - me pumps .
the haight : mecca for the free love movement of the sixties , where the beat generation begat the flower children , where kids from all over the country had come to tune in , turn on , and drop out - and had kept coming , even as the neighborhood went through alternating waves of renewal and decline .
they were like the mosaics of little boxes that peppered neighborhoods across the entire country in that postwar period , but in san francisco , where so much had been built after the quake and fire of ' 06 , then again in the economic boom of the late twentieth century , they seemed like anachronisms from both ends of time .
where were the real men in this country ?
someone in your country interfered in the brugmann deal four years ago .
` ` what country am i in ? ''
` ` joe plans to have teams stationed in different parts of the country ready to go at a minute 's notice .
you each have areas of the country you 'll be responsible for , which are indicated on your maps .
they donate a significant amount of resources to programs across the country but only accept women with rare blood issues at the center in west chicago .
` ` five linked bombs will take nine square blocks in any metropolitan city , '' bardaric answered , then went on to explain his plan for attacking one city first and making demands on behalf of a faux extremist group that could n't be connected to any country .
nothing would prevent him from finding eliot 's killer , but he also had a duty to protect abbie and to help bad and his country even if joe did want to hang him right now .
twenty teams spread across the country , ready to contact bomb squads and emergency warning systems in every city .
` ` i do n't actually have a country .
he worked for bad to stop groups like the fratelli , to make this country safe for the people he loved .
` ` okay , but do not take me out of st . louis or this state or the country . ''
david had used her as a backup girlfriend while he 'd been engaged to his college sweetheart , who lived across the country .
you know , in my country , stalin was a hero .
now his mom needed him and he was n't even in the same country .
cajun cooking might have become a household term in most of the country , but those native to louisiana knew the cuisine of this state was more than gumbo and boiled crawfish .
i told him no , even though you would have done it for your country .
she snuck the photo out , thinking it would be worth enough money to get her out of the country , but would n't tell conroy where she 'd been living .
` ` here , in this country ? ''
after a deeper look into his background , they found out his ancestors changed the family name when they migrated to this country .
i may have to tie him down in the locker room to keep him from jumping in that old truck of his and hightailing it back to god 's country .
` ` half the marriages in this country end in divorce . ''
her family hated any contact with the media and had always warned her about staying out of the public eye , but she was now officially a nobody and living an anonymous existence in a new country .
during missions for bad , he carried every conceivable weapon known to man , but when in civilian mode jeremy was subject to the laws of this country that stated a prior convicted felon could not carry a weapon .
` ` the gun belongs to a friend of mine who asked me to keep it for him while he was out of the country .
jeremy had contacts all over the country he could call on but had never expected to tap one so close to home .
self - preservation told him to run away , hide , sneak out of the country .
his father said that shakespeare probably said it best , that death was ` ` the undiscovered country from whose bourn no traveler returns . ''
a parking lot to the right was filled with well - worn pickup trucks , a sign that business was booming ; folks had jobs , which were always scarce in this part of the country .
while stationed at ansbach , she spent her money on railway passes and student hostels , often traveling alone as she saw every country from sweden to greece .
there was an abandoned wife in thailand , some jealous husbands here and there , the irs , some type of police in at least three countries , and a cranky drug dealer in costa rica .
she wants to get away and to live way out there in the country where it 's peaceful and nobody will bother her .
like the rest of the country she was concentrating more on lowering the carb intake .
he says that death is - and i think i have the quote right - an undiscovered country from whose borne no traveler returns . ''
but we 're in a foreign country .
i was n't even in the country . ''
i had shot a man in a foreign country .
` ` out of the largest airport in the country ? ''
the place was loud and jammed and clearly whatever no - smoking law had taken effect in this country had not stretched down into this alley .
i immediately headed out of the country .
before i ' m through with you , you 're going to be celebrated as the dumbest policeman in sweden on every newspaper billboard in the country . ''
they 're looking for him all over the country ! ''
if he 's planning to get out of the country as fast as hell then we could help him on his way .
in a well - ordered world he would be at home in gosseberga now , niedermann would be safely out of the country , and salander would be buried in a hole in the ground .
the hopes for a breakthrough , however , were soon dashed , since zalachenko had never operated in sweden and had little knowledge of the country .
i have no idea where he is or where he might go , but he 'll try to get out of the country as soon as he can . ''
` ` because while niedermann was out digging a grave for me , zalachenko told me that things were getting too hot and that it had already been decided that niedermann should leave the country for a while . ''
; three , is he out of the country ?
` ` we have nothing to tell us that he has left the country , but really that seems his most logical course . ''
` ` if he 's out of the country , where would he be ? ''
` ` perhaps we have n't found the car because niedermann drove out of the country to the north via haparanda ?
i have a program that would be perfect for a small country like norway , - bambi wrote .
she wondered how long it would take for her to escape and settle down safely in some other country to create a new identity and a new life for herself .
she did not even know if his mobile worked in other countries .
but we have a procedure for trials in this country .
` ` with all due respect , i think i have a better understanding of lisbeth salander than any other psychiatrist in the country .
` ` the moment you release me i ' m going to leave the country .
he was a long way from his humble beginnings in wyoming , a long way from his military days in vietnam , a long way from thailand , the country he now called home .
this great country of ours works to protect religious freedom , despite what some communists and atheists try to do .
that 's one of the reasons we kept our safehouse out of the country , where no one from health and human services could interfere whenever they got bored or somebody 's ego was bent out of shape . ''
a block or two farther west and north was student housing for columbia college of physicians and surgeons , again one of the most reputable and selective medical schools in the country .
` ` carol simpson may be young , but she 's already considered one of the top obstetricians in the country . ''
according to harvey riker and several of bruce 's friends , grey rarely traveled and had only been out of the country three times his recent trip to cancun , mexico ( taking a vacation before suicide ? )
she and harvey had been snobbish northeasterners , believing that the only cultural life of the country bloomed within the boundaries of the original thirteen colonies .
` ` after all these years , after all this time , seeing his face again ... '' on the other side of the country jennifer riker began to shake .
immediately after hearing michael 's statement , reece had left the knick locker room , taken a taxi to the seattle airport , waited eight hours for the next available plane to new ` ` york , flew across the entire country , spent the day trying to find out where michael was , located sara at dr . simpson 's office , and then obtained permission from harvey to visit michael .
big interstates like this one make the country into a single place : mcdonald 's , bp , wendy 's .
in our part of the country , ` ` disasters '' generally translate as fires or tornadoes .
` ` david had been romancing becca for months when he had to leave the country for a month or two .
we were in a different country at the same time .
i was in a different country , stuck in a beautiful villa with a bottle of wine and a hot guy who knew how to make a woman feel special .
` ` what drew you to italy , or this part of the country in particular ? ''
` ` look , '' sylvie continued , ` ` i ' m worried about you being all alone in a different country with some guy you do n't know . ''
perhaps they moved across the country or changed identities . ''
` ` but if you 're going to leave the country , why bother ?
` ` you and she were supposed to fly out of the country last night . ''
we got her out of the country .
luckily for us , the two lowlifes were supposed to leave the country after the murder .
i told him i 'd double his money and help him out of the country if he helped me fake her death . ''
this was a country she had never heard of before she bought her ticket for the boat .
bishop had lobbied for economic democracy and introduced the country 's first legislation for sexual equality .
then the united states invaded the country and set up a democracy .
apart from some quick business trips when she had visited the baltics and neighbouring nordic countries , as well as zurich and london , of course , she had hardly ever left sweden .
in this case primarily of girls from the baltic countries and eastern europe .
` ` i ' ve been out of the country , '' salander said .
she had not said goodbye or told her she was thinking of leaving the country .
` ` she 's probably out of the country at present , but she 'll turn up sooner or later . ''
it was about the time when you left the country . ''
nilsson was out of the country .
he 's on the rinkeby murder case , but it seems that the perp has skipped the country .
she spent all of last year out of the country , travelling in asia and the caribbean . ''
he was looking for her when she was out of the country . ''
` ` which means that absolutely nothing else is happening in the country . ''
` ` i doubt it , considering that she 's already been on the front page of every newspaper in the country , '' faste said .
` ` with accomplices , she could have slipped out of the country , but it 's more probable that she 's gone to ground . ''
the psychiatric assessments , the fact that she had been committed to one of the country 's most highly regarded institutions , and that she had even been declared incompetent , all tended to confirm that something was wrong with her .
have you been out of the country ? ''
police stations all around the country had uplinks to the network , and several of them were small local units that were unstaffed at night and often had no burglar alarms or security patrols .
he might be useful until she could get safely out of the country .
need help getting out of the country ?
wanted woman fled country ?
she had a motive , known only to bjorck and perhaps two or three other people in the whole country .
his panic had subsided when salander 's face was slapped on every front page in the country .
he chose in fact to defect to the most improbable country in europe .
he did n't like america and he knew that england was one of those countries where the soviets had agents at the highest levels within military intelligence .
without going into detail , blomkvist told palmgren how his relationship with her had suddenly ended after the christmas holiday a year ago , when salander left the country .
i ' m probably one of the few people in the country right now who unhesitatingly , and without an ulterior motive , is on her side .
that would be a catastrophe ; it was her escape route out of the country .
he was one of the few people in this country who knew about my background .
` ` well , it was a sort of assistance programme in the nineties to help industry in the former eastern bloc countries get back on their feet .
in practice , however , it meant that swedish companies would get state subventions for going in and establishing themselves as part owners in companies in eastern european countries .
` ` the vanger companies are still among the few family - held firms in the country .
` ` he enlisted - against our father 's wishes - and during the thirties he made his way through most of the nazi groups in the country .
he described how serious reporters at london 's financial times , the economist , and some german financial newspapers had reported similar subjects in their own countries .
thursday , january 9 - friday , january 31 according to the hedestad courier , blomkvist 's first month out in the country was the coldest in recorded memory , or ( as vanger informed him ) at least since the wartime winter of 1942 .
from 1957 on , his work seemed to consist of travelling around the country to open factories , resolve local conflicts , and spread an image that company management really did care .
` ` the country code is australia , '' trinity said , putting down the earphones on the little desk in the van .
combined meat and wool production one of the country 's most important industries ... cochran farm , founded 1891 by jeremy cochran , australia 's fifth largest agricultural enterprise , approx 60,000 merino sheep ( wool considered especially fine ) .
and then all those puzzling question marks : a trading company with 200,000 kronor in an untouched account registered five years earlier in santiago , chile - one of nearly thirty such companies in twelve different countries - and not a hint of what type of activity was involved .
when they got off the plane , the air felt strange and unfamiliar , as though he 'd been visiting another planet rather than another country .
myron 's pockets might be only semideep , but win 's net worth was on par with the gnp of a small european country .
every city in every region of the country had an eyewitness news .
and while the district attorney 's office is busy trying to manufacture some kind of money conspiracy , why would one of the already wealthiest men in the country deem it appropriate to conspire with a poor hispanic woman to steal ?
he wants to show the judge that the defendant has the resources to run away , and boom , he points to a famous ex - jock and one of the country 's richest playboys sitting right in the front row . ''
` ` but i left the country three weeks ago - before the money was even withdrawn .
there were thousands like it in new jersey , hundreds of thousands throughout the us of a.this was suburbia , the backbone of this country , the battleground of the fabled american dream .
or were you out of the country then too ? ''
` ` that , my friend , is the whole problem with this country . ''
you were out of the country . ''
brooklake country club , to be more exact , though there was no brook , no lake , and they were not in the country .
gray ford tauruses were plentiful , of course , perhaps the most popular car in the country .
used to be divorce capital of the usa and have more millionaires per capita than anywhere in the country .
` ` you think i ought to get out of the country ? ''
i remember a time when you people worried whether we would even let you leave this country .
nearly all reminders of the soviet era had been stripped from every town , street , and building across the country , replaced by the double - headed eagle the romanov dynasty had displayed for three hundred years .
only after the war , when stalin sent his extraordinary commission to reclaim the country 's heritage , had many of these caches found their way back to the motherland .
brother will rise against brother , they will kill each other in hate , and there will be no nobles in the country .
he talked as if something might happen to us , but i assured him that papa has the country well in hand .
` ` unfortunately , this country is not progressively minded on the issue of race .
` ` this country will be the ruin of itself if something is not done soon . ''
he recalled something he 'd read once.russia is a country with an unpredictable past .
` ` you have a fascinating country . ''
during the communist tenure it had been the center for state literature and arts , but after the fall , like most things , the building went on the auction block and was eventually snapped up by one of the country 's new rich .
eighteen months ago , when the duma put out a call for a national idea along that line , it was surprised with what the institute of public opinion and market research brought back.god , tsar , and country .
the whole goddamn country is on the take .
but i am here in this country on a pass from the government . ''
he needed to get out of the country .
he was essentially trapped , the whole country his prison .
` ` it has been my business for three decades to understand this country .
vladimir kulikov represented a large coalition of the country 's new rich , the lucky few who 'd managed to turn a tremendous profit since the fall of the soviet union .
we are perhaps the only country in the world that executed its poets . ''
you have me parading across this country killing people , yet i have no idea why .
this country 's great founder '' -- brezhnev 's sarcasm was clear -- '' our beloved lenin , evidently thought the matter quite serious .
luckily , her performer 's visa provided access into the country , no questions asked .
i ' m not saying this country is perfect ; it 's far from that .
a country of extremes in size , politics , weather .
the country was on the verge of a social renaissance .
` ` we 're all scattered across the country .
` ` do you really believe that restoring a tsar is the answer to all your country 's troubles ? ''
` ` this country has seen no greatness since 1917 .
she resented him for that , and for the fact that he wished to leave the country .
he came close and had to strain to read it , but was able to translate : to the raven and the eagle : this country has proven the haven it claims to be .
they were here , in this country .
` ` it appears that two romanov children escaped yekaterinburg and were brought to this country by felix yussoupov .
this country is not the awful place we were taught it was .
some of pridgen and woodworth 's clients were working feverishly to better connect the country to the world wide web .
what type of connection would he or she have to a motherland that now beckoned them home to rule a country in utter turmoil ?
at the time , millions were immigrating into this country .
and back then , no one in this country knew anything about the russian imperial family . ''
my father , vladimir copinsky ( he anglicized it to copeland ) , who had once been a doctor in leningrad , could n't get a license to practice in this country .
the second photograph was a grainy picture of my noni and popi from the old country , russia , or , as it was called when they died in that gulag , the soviet union .
she had moved around the country .
` ` from the old country , '' he said .
` ` do you know how i came to this country ? ''
paul 's old man , an ob - gyn in his old country , had escaped repression in the soviet union only to find plenty of it here in the good ol ' usa .
we have no agency or country to protect anymore . ''
` ` we arrange for the exchange of good used farm machinery for the produce from some of the south american countries , '' he explained .
he 'd left her a message , letting her know he 'd checked into the story about the stripper , and it turned out she was in jail right now for drugging and robbing over twenty unsuspecting men all over the country .
the rest of the country tuned in , and people were getting to know southie through televised images and front - page newspaper photographs featuring riot police , state troopers patrolling school corridors , rooftop police snipers , and legions of blacks and whites screaming racist chants at one another .
it was like traveling to a foreign country , and john jr . joked about a commute that required ` ` cars , buses , trains . ''
the gustin gang 's stand - off with the mafia also gave whitey bulger the freedom to move around south boston 's freewheeling crime circuit , graduating from tailgating trucks in boston to robbing banks and , at age twenty - seven , doing hard time in the country 's toughest federal prisons .
troopers set up a roadblock , and the mafia delegates arriving from around the country were sent scurrying , some jumping from their cars and running into the woods .
in cities around the country special fbi units were created to focus on la cosa nostra .
in cities around the country , agents had burglarized the offices of local mobsters to install microphones , often crude devices planted behind a desk or a radiator with the wires , hidden as best they could , snaking out to a nearby location where agents secretly recorded the mobsters ' conversations .
he 'd described the various duties : ` ` mr . winter said that him and his partners would finance the situation , would be responsible for placing bets outside with illegal bookmakers , also supplying runners to the racetracks and various parts of the country .
john morris was in charge of a team of fbi agents assembled from around the country and sent to unravel the mess .
flemmi believed that condon had paved the way for his eventual return from canada by seeing that the two major felony charges were dropped along with a third charge that had been added as soon as he fled the country to avoid prosecution .
inside the bag was at least $ 50,000 in cash he was attempting to smuggle out of the country .
the headlines had captured the moment , and they were headlines that no doubt reached whitey bulger himself - out there , somewhere , still on the run , riding the back roads of rural america with a bleached blonde by his side , false papers in his wallet , and packets of $ 100 bills stashed in safety deposit boxes around the country .
because i sure as hell do n't know anyone else in this f**king country who would give a shit . ''
` ` the teachers gave me extensions on all of the assignments like they do when i have a photo shoot out of the country . ''
` ` i ' m not going to leave daisy alone in a foreign country .
we 're in a foreign country . ''
a date in a foreign country with my boyfriend .
a date in foreign country with my sober boyfriend .
i do n't want to be thrown in jail in a foreign country without a f**king passport .
i want to disappear from this chair , this country , this planet .
` ` not if my parents force me into rehab or halfway across the country . ''
i dial daisy 's number , trying to push away nagging thoughts about how we 're in a foreign country .
i 'd have twenty choppers flying around the country for her .
how did it keep happening that chyna was out of the country when she and ramsey were having problems ?
i ' m always being chased or having to flee the country or something . ''
my mind was made up the moment he said he was leaving the country , but i had to let it sink in .
` ` i 'd love to travel , but i ' ve never been out of the country . ''
even knowing julian was in the same country as her was too much .
he turned it into one of the most exclusive and successful couples - only resorts in all the country , if not the world .
i ' m a grown - ass man worth billions who runs one of the most successful , exclusive resorts in the country and this is what ivy emerson reduces me to .
john is married with two babies , doing his own thing clear across the country in boston , where his wife is from .
she 's a wreck and plans on leaving to go to college across the country so she can escape her mother .
european and titled , the verdi family was well connected with the throne of some obscure tiny country and still owned ancestral lands .
my god , this girl was ... country .
i just flew halfway across the country , on christmas no less , to see my baby brother lying in a coma in a hospital bed because he overdosed ! !
` ` are you sure you want to take this hot mess somewhere across the country with you ? ''
i would be leaving houston in just a short time , but for some reason knowing that she was not only moving in with him , but moving across the country with him , made me extremely jealous .
now she 's gon na be on the other side of the country ... '' ` ` ah , i see , '' she said as she leaned over to give me a quick hug .
the apartment , the decor , the groceries ... everything ; you ' ve made this the easiest move across country in history .
` ` um ... ma'am , you 're in the country in texas .
` ` i may have moved to pecan country but i still do n't eat them , '' he replied .
we could get on a plane and leave the damn country .
back in his home country after so long , he felt like a complete outsider , shunned for a past disgrace he had n't even committed .
` ` to leave your country ?
after you ' ve just returned ... '' ` ` it 's not my country anymore , '' eliot said .
` ` it 's a different country , though .
and being in a different country is n't so bad .
but he gave me the option of circumventing the probationary period by simply staying out of the country for three years .
` ` and when did you arrive in this country ? ''
` ` eliot- '' ` ` i left my home , my country , for you !
we both knew i was n't okay ; i was so far from okay , i might as well be in another country .
i did n't have the time yesterday to sit down and get the details , being in the middle of moving across the country and setting up shop with greg ; things are insane .
in this part of the country , fifty was like below zero .
i was so surprised and impressed that he did n't nosedive into a record setting explosion that i managed to stay pretty zen with the whole of southpointe , as well as the western part of the country , getting an eyeful of our photo shoot .
halftime when he had twenty of the best coaches in the country here watching him was not the time to bring up holly .
chapter twenty - five my skin did n't have a chance to brown before i was packing up and moving across the country .
some said he 'd skipped the country after holding up a bank down south and shooting one of the tellers .
` ` since your parents kind of flew across the country so they could have dinner with their precious daughter and her son of a bitch boyfriend at some yuppie restaurant , yeah , i 'd say we have to . ''
from troubled repeat felon to one of the most sought after and , although he had n't told me the number yet , probably one of the highest - paid football players in the country .
after warning him he 'd better not start treating me like some expensive mistress he had stuffed across the country , i 'd thanked him profusely and given him a few dozen air kisses through my sweet new phone .
it was nice to know i could drive him mad from across the country after he 'd just endured a good ten hours of training .
but life had to go on ; i could n't stay tucked under my covers all day staring at an unmade bed on the other side of the country .
` ` oh , hol , '' i began , feeling useless from all the way across the country .
` ` hol , '' i said , ` ` i ' ve been sharing this place with a crazy , destructive caveman every weekend for three years , until he got himself drafted and moved across the country .
we 'd been pulling change out of the seat cushions to pay our electric bill last month , and this month we were standing inside the foyer of a house that was the size of a small country .
` ` who said i wanted to pick up and move across the country to live with you here in the land of fake tits and phony smiles ? ''
i packed up and moved across the country and , i kid you not , found out i was pregnant a week before his first game . ''
` ` i ' m across the country , luce .
i suppose traveling across the country with a little one would do that to a girl .
unfortunately in this case , my best friend also happened to be the guy i loved , and the guy i loved would fly off the handle - and across the country in a heartbeat - if he knew any other man , anton especially , had said those kinds of things to me .
it was a free country and he could be attracted to whomever he wanted .
i 'd planned on telling jude , because that was n't something i thought i should keep from him , but now , after jude was already pissed to the moon and back , he 'd surely charter a plane and fly across the country tonight just so he could kick anton 's ass in person .
eighteen i was sitting next to the most talked - about man in the country tonight .
i did n't care why or what events had led up to his chartering a plane and flying across the country .
so i shoved it aside , put on a happy face like i 'd done so many times before and went about my day , trying to get acclimated to a place that felt like it was a foreign country .
just the kind of thing that someone would travel across the country in a last - minute road trip in .
she 'd been all set to get her master 's degree , but then she decided that helping people in third world countries was more important .
they moved here from another country . ''
it 's on the opposite side of the country , and farther south .
it did n't matter that i was valedictorian of my high school , or that i 'd completed sixty - four credits in three semesters with a 4.0 gpa at one of the top universities in the country .
the guys alone ate enough to feed a small country .
one of the toughest military schools in the country .
if she 's smart , she 'll be halfway across the country to get the hell away .
if he agreed , i 'd give him a fake passport and enough money to leave the country .
a month later jake joined him on the other side of the country .
i ask you today to spare a few minutes to feel the peace we enjoy in this place we call ' the lucky country ' and know that it 's people like jake , who give of themselves , that enable us to do so .
` ` maybe because you 'd have to move across the other side of the country , '' he pointed out .
` ` because it 's four goddamn years on the other side of the country ! ''
moving to the other side of the country for a four year research program was hard enough .
when would this war torn country be ready to stand on its own two feet and give her back the man she loved ?
it 's one of the best in the country , but he 's also applying elsewhere , '' devon informed her , feeling like she 'd had this conversation too many times already .
the spread of food was amazing and could probably feed a small country .
candice 's family took me in without a second thought since the only relatives i had lived across the country and i hardly knew them ; if it were n't for them i do n't know how i would have made it through that time .
you 're sending us to cowboy country ? ! ''
i create custom cupcakes and ship them all over the country . ''
the team that conquers the first country on our map ?
she was a big deal in her home country .
it was gary gilmore of jettison records , one of the top labels in the country .
bi - fold doors off to one side sectioned off a huge room that housed a bar , pool table , and television the size of a small country .
` ` casey is out of the country at the moment .
i could eat a small country . ''
that way i could slip in and out of the country without any fuss . ''
later that morning found the eight of us touching down in perth , the other side of the country along the west coast of australia .
long days of work and late nights of university by correspondence had given me my degree - one thing in life that was working out for me because in two days i had a job interview lined up as assistant manager to jamieson , one of the hottest up and coming bands in the country .
` ` the country ?
` ` since the target 's out of the country as much as or more than he 's in it , and this errand is going to take significantly longer to close , i do n't want one of my best eves to get bored . ''
` ` mr . callahan is only stateside for a couple of days before flying out of the country on another business trip , '' g replied .
` ` mr . callahan is still expected to be out of the country until the day after tomorrow .
he was one of the wealthiest , most powerful men in the country .
while i had been okay with juggling a busy schedule , it was only because g promised i would n't jet - set across the country every other week .
henry was out of the country for a week , and a wife beater needed a beating of his own .
but then again , little good it will do when i ' m driving around aimlessly in this foreign country that i have seen nothing from other than violence and rape and murder and everything else unimaginable .
at first my misplaced panic of being left alone here makes me second - guess my sanity , but then i realize all over again that despite victor being an assassin and the fact that i ' m being used as leverage in a dangerous game of pay up or die , i ' m still a girl all alone in the most dangerous parts of a country that i ' m not a native of .
fearful for being sent back to their country , and likely for their lives , arthur hamburg knew they would n't speak .
it is such a terrible disease in this country . ''
people like us , clearly not natives of the country , are too easy to spot . ''
his are spread out over six countries and he 's responsible for the murders of one hundred sixty - nine tourists to - date , including women and children . ''
` ` he 's not even in this country ! ''
he set her up in another safe - house on the other side of the country , somewhere in delaware .
he 'll be ... climbing some mountain in another country , backpacking or something insane .
that did n't mean we were together or that i was ready to move halfway across the country with him .
just think , a whole country full of british men !
but now we were scattered across the country and would probably never be all together again .
it felt like cheating to go to the starbucks up the block since i was in another country and all , but i could n't bring myself to care .
the guy had a german accent , and she picked a country right next door to his ?
my back ached , either from the stiff bed or from carrying my massive backpack with me through multiple countries .
` ` try to outrun my troubles through a dozen different countries ? ''
you listen to prehistoric country . ''
the country was slowly making its way inside me .
after rose and i had researched every community college with a good art school in the western half of the country , we struck gold when we found one that not only accepted late applicants but was in seattle .
` ` two , because i ' m positive old bessie would break down in the middle of north idaho , which should really be considered its own country , '' -jesse rolled his eyes- '' and three , because i ' m kind of enjoying this full circle moment right now . ''
it was n't ` ` freak '' wear ; it was n't ` ` country '' wear .
he was an exceptionally talented artist who could have been studying alongside the best artists in the country .
my head was still reeling from that kiss , but a certain art exhibit at one of the country 's most notorious clubs rushed to the forefront of my mind .
i wanted to paint billboards around the country , a new one every month .
and you were right about something else - north idaho is its own country .
since her dad was n't there to see colt mason all but manhandling her out of her stool and her only brother was on the opposite side of the country , i was temporarily filling both positions .
` ` where 's that brave girl who just issued the slap heard around the country ?
granted , denver is n't l.a . or new york , but it is right in the center of the country .
i readily agreed to all of it and had the added benefit of watching my dad go purple when i asked about postponing the community service and making sure the terms of my probation did n't prohibit me from leaving the country for the tour .
there 's no better way to celebrate our future , than going to a country that values friendship and family . ''
a different country and a different bed awaited us .
i bit my lip ; just how safe was this country ?
we 're in a new country .
no way in hell did i trust myself to weave in crazy , un - choreographed traffic in a foreign country .
city , forest , urban , or country .
the staff ate bland , and frankly , rather depressing food , considering we were in the heart of a country that prided itself on cheeses , breads , and wine .
he owned a small country if it were true .
i could n't sleep beneath a symbol of the country where my ex - master lived .
something about this country did n't sit well with me .
sitting at some desk , in some office , in some city , in some country , i hung my head and wrapped my fingers around my skull .
i could n't even remember what country we were in .
except , he must have been arrested across the other side of the country because i 'd already called the police station and he was n't there .
` ` beautiful country , '' nate told me .
` ` do n't you have an assignment in another country you can send me on ? ''
dean kept busy maintaining the office while jack 's agents , marc and ryan , traveled around the country scouting new baseball talent .
they 'll come pack your things and then drive them across the country for you .
he has to leave with whatever he has packed , and then i ' m supposed to handle moving our entire house across the country because he still has eight more weeks of baseball to play . ''
i ca n't have you all the way across the country .
point out what a loser i am the night before i fly across the country to meet martina galliano to discuss the proposition of my career . ''
flying across the country would not get him any closer to her .
it 's broad daylight in one of the most reputable companies in the country .
pictures of him at eleven , a beautiful , solemn boy sitting with his grandparents as they received his father 's posthumous congressional medal of honor , graced the cover of every newspaper and every political magazine in the country .
i ' m guessing it is also what brings him here , to this veterans ' hospital , to spend time with these soldiers who have lost so much during their own service to this country .
he 's an international businessman , ceo of one of the most exciting companies in the country .
i tried to find work in texas , before i left , but even down there in god 's country i ' m useless .
but , i live in the middle of nowhere , in one of the most conservative states in the country .
she clenched her thighs and thought of war - strewn countries .
your service to our country humbles me . ''
you go and sign with some company and get rich , while i go and serve four years in some hellhole country that i ca n't point to on a map . ''
` ` if you can decipher which european country has the most comfortable handcuffs , i believe your goody two - shoes reputation may tarnish . ''
they have this curriculum that favors kinetic learning and incorporates computers , online programs , and some other stuff that puts it light - years ahead of every other school in the country .
` ` maybe she 's left the country . ''
i was n't usually the voice of reason - or a buzz kill - but we were in a different country .
` ` twice a year he had to go on a two week long business trip all over the country .
i moved here for you , i followed you across the country so i could be with you . ''
well you openly admitted to everyone that you followed me across the country and that you were in love with me .
he 'd driven me across the country to his father 's compound of hell .
` ` he 's leaving ... clear across the country . ''
he 's clear across the country .
i ' ve always secretly wished i could just leave all my stuff behind , hitchhike across the country , and write about what i see and feel and how much i hate being around people and the world and the constant chattering .
she left class , traded her nearly new car in for a motorcycle , and drove across the country .
except in this very moment , i want to be moving forward to the other side of the country to be with some else .
micha was given the option of riding the bus with a few other musicians , but because we missed our honeymoon , he decided that we could at least have a road trip so we 're traveling across the country in the chevelle , making it our goal to have sex in every state .
i glance down at the headline from one of the country 's largest newspapers - sean ferro accused of murdering wife and unborn child .
tell them you 'd love to meet them , f**k them , marry them , but you 're stuck in russia and do n't have the funds to leave the country to do so .
i had some friends spread out all over the country for just that kind of thing , and then when they called me in for an interview , i could show them how skilled i was .
but what was the point in getting a job here when i might as well get a job anywhere else in the country ?
not a big picture - that was reserved for a report on the country 's economics around christmas time - but i was there , in the corner , right under the headline ' los angeles brothers shot trying to stop domestic dispute . '
and perhaps i was even on the news , being pumped into the minds of every citizen of this fair f**king country .
never mind the explosion of violence in the country , the fighting , the tourists who were getting caught in the middle , the fact that it turned into one big shit show and it was getting international attention .
it was creepy as hell , folding up my old stuff , knowing that we headed to another country like some couple on vacation .
i knew that javier probably had to lie low as we traveled across the country , but this seemed a bit extreme .
the mexicans did n't really care who came into the country , even though the border line - up on the other side promised to be a nightmare .
` ` it 's a big country , you know .
this camden who somehow found me in another country , only to turn and walk away .
free country , is n't mexico ? ''
` ` mexico is a big country and we could be anywhere .
i studied the man , someone 's father or grandfather , who seemed to have no problem working for one the most vile men in the country .
this is a big city , right here , bingo , in the middle of the country .
as much as i wanted to help her , once again we did n't have time to drive her around the country , not with gus 's life on the line .
during the drive , javier had n't said a single word , only stared out the window as the landscape of his country rushed past us .
ever since we had come back into the country and had done a quick search of papers and the internet , the whole ` ` camden mcqueen is wanted '' thing was pretty much gone .
what the air in other countries feels like on my skin , how the ocean smells , why the sound of rain makes me gasp .
emma 's wedding was the first time i ' ve ever left the country .
his next trip was expected to take him out of the country to dubai for at least three full weeks .
this is actually the first time i ' ve been out of the country .
i 'd get to travel around the country and meet all sorts of incredible people with amazing stories . ''
if it does n't work out , you can always go into sports photography and follow your boyfriend around the country , '' i suggested helpfully .
` ` the teams are all over the country , right ? ''
do n't move across the country , '' i pleaded , this scene all too familiar in my head .
she moved all the way across the freaking country and left a piece of us here .
` ` i did n't move all the way across the country to live alone .
i 'd moved to new york to advance my career , not follow jack around the country .
i moved across the country to work for this magazine , and jack did n't affect my feelings about that .
three text messages later , and i found out trina was still out of the country on her job .
from behind my sunglasses , i glanced at the passersby , wondering if the cell phones they held were actually being used to help splash my life across computer screens all over the country .
my mind raced with thoughts about chrystle and thoughts about jack , and how even all the way across the country i could n't get away from the media nightmare i now lived in .
my father is one of the richest men in the country .
and i 'll feel better about being on the other side of the country if he 's here with you . ''
no matter what section of the country we 're in , all places share one thing in common .
they may not let you back in the country if you ca n't prove you ' ve taken preventative measures . ''
the silence afforded me astonishing views of an unbelievably attractive country .
the country of uganda is obsessed with celine dion .
` ` as an american , i can definitely identify that my country has little to no idea what poverty really is .
` ` can i call out of country ? ''
on the one hand , i had a beautiful , loving boyfriend that i adored , that i had moved across the country for , but , his abandoning me for a job had scarred me some .
i ' m either going to another country , to face people who will surely see straight to the heart of my deception towards their son , or i ' m going to face anna , who wo n't be able to contain the horrid affair she 'd with kellan for an entire week .
and the fact that you moved across the country to be with this guy ... i ca n't think of anyone who would do that for me .
` ` so you told him you would leave the country with him ?
i ' m leaving the country soon , and the only reason i can do that ... is because kellan covered for me . ''
looking back at kellan smiling and shaking sam 's hand , finally looking happy about the idea of singing across the country , i sighed and shook my head .
especially after denny had fled the country .
chuckling softly , i added , ` ` well , this country at least . ''
they assumed he had left the country for a job , and i was content to let them think that .
touring around the country with kellan had been out of the question while i was still enrolled at school , but i was a graduate now , and i was free .
mom and dad had both accepted it when i 'd told them that denny had left me for a job in his home country .
there were enough movies to last a week solid , enough candy to feed a small country , and enough beauty products to keep my sister stocked for a month .
there was a paunchy , older man in a booth overseeing the gate , and for a moment i had the strangest feeling that we were crossing the border into a foreign country .
tory had told us that the d - bags ' song with sienna was in heavy rotation all over the country , but we 'd been so busy flying here and there and everywhere , that we had n't heard it on the radio before .
drinks and merriment abounded at our table , and i grew to love my decision to roam around the country with d - bags more and more .
of course my sister would travel over halfway across the country on a whim to watch a concert .
they had all flown across the country with hardly any notice to help anna and i celebrate our weddings ?
he looked over to the bathroom and sighed , like it was so far away it may as well have been in another country .
i ' m half - way across the country .
why did n't i check this before i drove across the country in a lame attempt to find her ?
` ` i knew you 'd never left the country before , and i ' ve never been to europe , so i thought we could go over for christmas .
that 's why the oldest went to college on the other side of the country . ''
it was supposed to be a monument to going west , growing the country , lewis and clark and manifest destiny , but all i saw was a big gorgeous fuck - you to the universe .
the friend entrusts the letters with rick and is then assassinated by the cops , which sends laszlo and ilsa looking for help from rick , now the only guy who can get them out of the country .
i drink so much coffee every day that my coffee consumption alone could support a small country .
going to a foreign country with the guy you 're dating is right up there with picking out a puppy ; you should be together a while for both .
i suppose that was part of the appeal of the lifestyle : getting to roam from place to and see some of the most beautiful parts of the country from fifteen hundred feet .
i asked , referring to his recent habit of following me around the country .
` ` i would very much like for you to use my personal shopper to buy a wardrobe for you here in new york , so you do n't have to move your things across the country .
` ` if you could pick one place in the world that you want to visit , any city , any country , any continent , where would it be ? ''
it is across the country . ''
` ` you need to know that madison would have done anything if he thought it would help this country .
and then i realize that her whole life has changed , her entire reason for existence has been stripped away , and she 's faced with the task of reinventing herself in a new country , married to a man she 's known for maybe a month .
not many people in her hometown traveled out of state , much less out of the country .
it 's a very small country on the border of italy and france .
a pretty blonde princess in some european country was marrying hollywood actor luke houston , who had a chiseled jaw , a dreamy smile , and was in a lot of really bad movies .
one of the oldest constitutional monarchies in europe , bellissime is a small mountainous country bordered on the east by italy , west by france , and north by switzerland .
bellissime is known for three things : its monarchy , its chocolate , and the tiny size of the country .
a tiny mountain country in the alps with a princess who was having a royal wedding ?
so they flew on toward his home country , and griffin napped in his chair since the bloody woman had his bed .
to show up in his home country for a royal wedding with his collar open ?
it 'd be a long trip , but she 'd smile and take the double time and enjoy her first trip to a foreign country .
she chatted with him about the weather , the delicious smells coming from the kitchen , and how pretty his home country was .
there was a museum visit , a fitting at the royal tailor , an afternoon tea with a dignitary of a neighboring country , a visit to a charity of something or other , a photo op with another viscount , and an interview for a gentleman 's magazine that dealt exclusively with archaeology and exploration , which she learned was one of griffin 's passions .
instead , he was stuck in stuffy suits in his home country , attending the wedding of a cousin he rarely saw .
he tried to see what she was seeing , but all he saw was a city that looked more like a swiss tourist trap than its own country .
a sister country to the small french - bordered kingdom , bellissime often felt in competition with the monaco royalty .
everyone who was slightly anyone in bellissime and several surrounding countries had been invited , and no one wanted to miss out .
tall , blonde , and nordic , princess heloise of saxe - gallia , a tiny country on the other side of denmark , turned and gave griffin a predatory smile .
he was scheduled to stay in the country for at least another week , and had to make his excuses to everyone , most of all his mother .
too much pu**y back in the home country ? ''
i stay in the states not because i do n't love my country , but because my family - my real family - is here .
after all this emotional turmoil between herself and jonathan , after being dragged from country to country , only to find out that her father just wanted her to visit his grave ?
after all this emotional turmoil between herself and jonathan , after being dragged from country to country , only to find out that her father just wanted her to visit his grave ?
she was a foreigner in the country of mike , dylan , and laura ; culture shock , perhaps , had set in recently along with a healthy dose of jealousy .
when his own mother , meribeth , swept into a room with kisses and hugs , josie looked like a helpless foreigner drop - shipped into a new country with an alphabet you could n't even read .
` ` honestly , i would love to be able to tour all over the country , hell , even all over the world for at least a few years , but my dad wo n't allow it .
actually , i have n't really been anywhere outside of the country . ''
i should have told luke i was out of the country that week .
his friends were going and , even though my father would have helped him dodge the draft , he wanted to serve his country . ''
which one of these women would spare a second look at my costume jewelry when they 're wearing enough diamonds to buy and sell a small country ?
i flew off to a foreign country with you .
denial : it was not a bad idea to run away to a foreign country with a man i barely know .
the country 's government was looking for a developer to come in and mine bauxite .
` ` max , the lucky bastard , was out of the country . ''
rena said , ` ` he 's still out of the country . ''
what started out as a private challenge to make love in every country we visited turned into something profoundly deeper .
needless to say , being detained by the police in a foreign country was beyond terrifying .
this was the first time i was ever out of the country .
` ` i tried to call you but i forgot about having to put in the country code first . ''
she had joined the air force after graduation and had traveled to more countries than any of us could have ever imagined .
` ` well , the good news is you found it before we tried to leave the country .
i was glad to hear him say that he wanted to live on this side of the country again .
` ` i remember wishing that you were n't on the other side of the country , '' i whispered .
apparently these prices were no big deal to anyone living on this side of the country .
he 's across the country in california !
it 's a dorm room , exactly like you 'd find in any college in the country .
i think they ' ve been in a dozen countries in the last year , and they make a point of staying at least a week in each place .
they lived across the country and had also died before i was even old enough to remember .
i do n't want to be the mockery of the napa wine country .
until then , he had to put in a ton of hours visiting clients in the less - glamorous cities around the country .
the first was a distributor that supplied to the trendiest independent boutiques on the east coast , and the second worked for one of the largest and hippest department store chains in the country - elizabeth 's .
the chain was helmed by the reclusive and rarely - seen elizabeth mortimer , whose mother , also named elizabeth , had started the first store in seattle many years ago , then steadily expanded across the country .
` ` i 'll be out of the country for a week .
and i knew i was going to be leaving the country , and it seemed so unfair to you to ask you to wait for me .
it would make me crazy having to drive all over this country from gig to shining gig . ''
she graduated from mba school a few weeks ago , and her kat harper necklaces have become amazingly popular and are now carried in boutiques and in the fancy elizabeth 's department stores around the country .
in truth , he was n't too thrilled of the prospect of leaving the country for a month , but it had been a stipulation of his new promotion .
` ` as much as i want it to be , i have a feeling aidan will be a little disappointed at no more baby - making sessions , especially since he 's storing up his energy while he 's out of the country . ''
against all odds , mairi had managed to make her way to greece , obtain employment in one of the finest international schools in the country , and with it mairi had conquered step 1 .
after all , greece was not a four - season country .
they already think he 's crazy for choosing me over alina kokinos , and now they 're going to pity damen if they find out that no school in the country wants to hire me . ''
i wanted to fight for our country .
they converged in charlotte , everyone flying in from around the country so they could report together as a team .
vacation in ... amish country or something .
i had n't set up digital roaming while out of the country , and then the phone died , and the fact was , email was n't my thing .
` ` we said we were n't going to do this until we were out of the country . ''
you 're trying to win an office in the second biggest city in the country . ''
they 're coming from the old country to kill antonio , and now i ' m going to save him by killing you .
so bad , every time i came here , did it uneasy , hopin ' you were still in business , ridin ' a wave the rest of the country was not and keepin ' your head above water . ''
` ` got four million , five hundred seventy - five thousand dollars , in cash , hidden in safe places across the country . ''
they shipped it everywhere , all over the country .
and it 's not for country . ''
they thought they were protecting home and country , but they did n't even know what home was .
sure , you could n't pull together money to buy a plane ticket , pay tuition and living expenses in a different country by waiting tables unless you had a decade to do it .
i did n't know what that was but whoever created his cologne should be given a medal , an island or their very own small country .
and , you know , she said it was crazy since we live in wisconsin but we 're here and you 're here so it 's like ... fate and i should , you know , not anger fate or , uh ... whatever , so i just want to say that i was a real big fan of yours when you played ball but i admire the decision you made so i also , uh ... want to thank you for what you did for our country .
they also included chatting and texting with luci , who was making it clear she was intent on building her relationship with me right along with sam even if she and i were in different countries ( again with the thankful part ) .
at the very least , i did n't think she should shake up this process by moving to a different country even if it was the nation of her birth .
not country , not blood , but loyalty to your brothers .
and they were about the brotherhood but also blood and country .
he found the best plastic surgeon in the country and since then i 'd taken two trips out to los angeles to have procedures to erase the scars from the five stab wounds grigori lescheva 's henchman had given me .
they 're your sons , you 're movin ' most a country away from them .
the entire eastern seaboard could fall into the sea and dad would go to work then get on the phone and call all his men and ask why they were still at home , grieving over loved ones and the loss of national monuments as the country came to grips with a colossal tragedy .
` ` maybe i like it better knowin ' that my brother 's a soldier , a brave man , puttin ' his ass on the line for this country .
` ` train your mind to think you 're gon na be in god 's country , at the foot of mountains in a spot that 's one of the most beautiful places in the world .
now , i standing in my bedroom , staring at my bag and facing a weekend with my parents and trying to train my thoughts on vail , god 's country , which was gorgeous .
` ` god 's country , '' i replied and his grin came back .
` ` god 's country , lanie , '' he said against my hair .
` ` god 's country . ''
god 's country .
as for me , i stood in the colorado sun at the base of a magnificent mountain in the heart of god 's country feeling good .
then again , i 'd just travelled for seventeen plus hours ; was in a different country ; in a different time zone ; it was late , dark , snow was falling , the roads were treacherous ; i had hundreds of dollars worth of groceries in my car , some of which would go bad if not refrigerated and hotels did n't have refrigerators , at least not big refrigerators ; i was tired and i had a head cold coming on , so i could be forgiven for getting angry .
i 'd so love to live in a different country , '' becca declared .
` ` thirty whole acres of god 's country . ''
like harry said , god 's country , unspoiled .
when she 'd found out about three weeks after she had me that he 'd cheated on her and then he left her for the other woman then left the other woman and left the country , my mother had been devastated .
` ` god 's country ! ''
and , on top of all that , i ' ve decided to up stakes again and move to a different country again and gamble on a man i barely know but who is annoying , impossible and can be a jerk .
when bubba is n't playin ' hooky and krystal 's got a full staff , tate gets called all over the country to find fugitives from the law . ''
tate gets home , you throw it in his face , he gets pissed like you know he 's going to do , storms off but ends up a day later flying halfway across the country just to hold your hand because your dad is sick ?
it was n't international but it was national , based in phoenix , flew mostly west of the mississippi but also had flights all over the country and had so many planes sometimes dean , the man in charge of keeping track of them , lost track ( though he only told me this but they figured it out , i knew that because one of the e - mails i read three days ago was from him telling me he got fired ) .
` ` after leaving football , '' the other commentator took up the story , ` ` jackson became a decorated police officer and is now one of the most sought after , and successful , fugitive apprehension agents in the country . ''
and a swarthy man chomping a cigar , sporting a beer gut fit for two and probably being on vacation from his oppressive rule of some small , south american country .
he was in this country because he married a white woman , an american , came here to be with her so she could be with her people .
fuck , in another f**king country .
this is n't god 's house but it can not be denied my house is in god 's country so you can take that as you will when you get that vow . ''
the last one 's in the army serving our country , '' chace returned .
it serves as an avenue of gathering knowledge for those who could be planning a trip to utah or researching their heritage , learning about the history of this country or how to make soap .
that shit was shit and he 'd made it clear to deck he did n't need any of it and furthermore did not intend to be hungover when he made faye his legally , in the eyes of god , standing in front of a reverend , surrounded by friends , family and god 's country .
it 's where i wan na be because i like the people , i like the work , i like the bar where i work , all in god 's country .
the up lighting made it glow like a rare monument - an over emblazed welcome doormat like so many country manors had in this historically rich country .
how could i phrase a question to make him give away his identity : do you live in the country ?
i did n't want to ruin q 's chances any more than i already had by being so reckless in a foreign country and getting arrested .
i ' m sick of your kind coming to my country and not respecting our laws .
he continued , ` ` your file was closed , but then reopened when you magically reappeared , with no flight manifest or record of how you entered the country , and slotted right back into life with '' -his eyes dropped to the paperwork- '' brax cliffingstone .
we were in a completely different country to tess .
i will say thank you on behalf of the bride and groom for travelling to this sun - blessed country and gracing your good fortune to ensure this marriage is full of richness , happiness , and love . ''
` ` i may not be liked in my own country , but in the states i ' m a legend . ''
i ' ve never left the country besides for work . ''
after one year in the hospital , john doe was transported out of the country where he just disappeared off the map .
i wish it was somewhere more romantic , but my boss likes living in the miserable , cold , depressing country . ''
both men had served their country in the forces .
he 'd never been happier to see the back of a country than he was to see england behind .
veronica did n't like the thought of prudence going out of the country .
he 's british and was deported back to his own country .
` ` dane is not in the country yet .
we 're not sure because it would lead us to a different country , '' the man said .
she was in the country illegally .
not exactly what she would have expected from the sister of one of the richest men in the country , but holly instantly liked her .
` ` organic farms do well here in the country ' rose was n't sure that napa , a bustling town with world - renowned restaurants , wineries , and artists qualified as ` ` the country ; ' but it sure sounded fun .
` ` organic farms do well here in the country ' rose was n't sure that napa , a bustling town with world - renowned restaurants , wineries , and artists qualified as ` ` the country ; ' but it sure sounded fun .
ace mckinty had turned his flying lessons into one of the hottest low - cost airlines in the country .
the chocolate cow makes the best ice cream in the country .
` ` everything you do in this country is my business , '' he said , unable to stop the rush of words even though he knew he sounded like an idiot .
what did one say to a gorgeous man when he was picking you up in a foreign country ?
not for a moment , '' maddie answered kara emphatically , speaking louder than she probably needed to because she knew her friend was in another country right now .
kade had been working on cornering asha for two months , traveling from one side of the country to the other , only to come up empty - handed every single time .
` ` so you travel around the country , painting walls ?
` ` i teach them the good things about my country , but they 're ultimately very progressive americans .
i want to learn more about my father 's country firsthand so i can contribute to the foundation and help out there , too .
there are also some beautiful things i 'd like to see in my father 's country . ''
we 're actually going right through a mountain , '' she mused , thinking about how surreal it seemed to be in another part of the country , an area so different from florida .
` ` i ' m wondering how a very wealthy sinclair ends up traveling alone in a foreign country without protection .
just thinking about her trapped in the trunk of a car , taken to god knows where in a foreign country , and being violated over and over again made his entire body shudder with fury .
jason was fairly certain if most people had gone through the ordeal that hope had suffered , they 'd never set foot out of the country again .
not in this country , at least .
i ' m about ten feet from some of the country 's best barbecue restaurants .
` ` you can take the girl out of the country , but you ca n't take the country out of the girl . ''
was she going to yell at me for leaving the country without a word ?
my mother 's response was a mixture of shock and glee when i told her i was leaving the country with jacob .
` ` i ' m sorry that i did n't call you while i was out of the country . ''
before sprinting to 18th to catch a lead before they left the country , jacob had given me the once over , noting my heavy breathing and the sweat that glued my blouse to my chest and asked if i had everything under control .
i was finally seeing the country from a view that photographs would not do justice .
` ` you do n't text me that you 're leaving the freaking country with jacob whitmore then ignore the ensuing freakout ! ''
` ` because this is as big a culture shock to you as going to a foreign country , '' he replied , leaning back in his chair .
` ` the nanny was sick , and my father was out of the country , so she had no choice but to bring me along , '' he continued .
` ` it was n't until i took the reins of the company and we hosted a film festival in venice that i started spending a good deal of time in the country myself - and met isabella . ''
i glanced at the couture dresses and blouses strewn on the floor and bed , thinking over the lavishness of my beautiful room in this beautiful country .
` ` he banished me from the country ! ''
she 's in a strange country , jacob . ''
` ` the starting salary of a research aide at whitmore and creighton is easily triple the average income of most people in the country , you 'll get to sink your teeth into the meatiest celebrity catastrophes in the world , and we have a hell of a benefits package . ''
i have never been out of the country on vacation before .
this is the first inkling i have that things are not going to be normal for either of us in this country .
it has served the principality well for over forty years and turned us into one of the richest countries in the world in gdp per capita . ''
we may be from the same country but we are worlds apart .
they belong to tradition , family , country . ''
i think we are clear here that i would like you to leave alex for the sake of my country and his .
` ` hey , free country , lady , '' cassie barks .
matt had been in constant danger , sure , but it turned out most of the danger came from the prostitutes and random strangers he hooked up with in whatever foreign country he 'd been deployed to .
the team had n't been out of the country since that stint in colombia , and carson was itching for an adventure .
it had always been her and will 's thing , except for the previous year , when he 'd been out of the country ... though a part of her still suspected he 'd been happy to miss the event .
what if he 'd left the country ?
you get a call telling you to pack up and then you leave the country ? ''
chapter four matt 's arms burned as he hauled himself up the cargo net portion of the base 's obstacle course , one of the toughest in the country .
the other seals had known each other for years before he 'd come on board , and even though he 'd technically been living with matt for a year now , they 'd been out of the country for half that time and had n't moved beyond the let's - have - a - beer - and - talk - sports stage .
she wanted a partner in every sense of the word , a man who 'd be there day in and day out , not one who 'd hand all the responsibilities to her while he went off to fight for his country .
` ` so you take these trips , tell your family you 're sun - tanning at a resort , and then you disappear into some of the most dangerous areas in those damn countries ? ''
` ` but i ' m still unhappy about you exploring all those foreign countries without a single concern for safety . ''
it 's different for him - when he 's out of the country , he 's not thinking about me .
she was still shocked beyond words - the photo editor of one of the most renowned magazines in the country had seen her blog ?
` ` i want to know more about dylan 's brother fleeing the country on his wedding day . ''
and he totally meant that - the shadows that surrounded tim rhodes had never tainted his professional life , and aidan 's father was one of the most prominent architects in the country .
almost six hours later , i cross the border at mexicali , the capital of the state of baja california , mexico , with my passport and a story about motorcycling through the country .
i had the keys ; i was going to drive it to a trucking company that would ship it across the country .
it means i 'll never , ever , ever get out of this country in one piece !
how could anyone be so filled with hate and evil that they chase a victimized woman into another country and try to kill her ?
` ` we have lunch reservations at the country club at 1:00 pm and jake , we have a tee time of 2:30 pm .
` ` i own seven clubs and twenty nine retail shops around the country , and i have a staff of over five hundred , including a terribly distracting pa .
` ` we 're up in the very north of the country , high above the arctic circle . ''
` ` wrong country - that 's austria , '' he corrected her , and slid an arm around her shoulders and pulled her against him in the plush rear seat of the car .
she 'd already sensed that this place , this country - both were integral to the man he was , but she could n't work out his feelings for it .
it was a country she 'd never imagined that she would even see , yet within a few short days , she 'd fallen completely under its spell .
she was being pinned against the wall by the man who rocked her world , and he was doing things with his fingers that were probably illegal in several countries .
` ` and it 's not like he 's moving to a different country .
the man was a genius , and david weatherby found his boss the hottest , most intriguing man he 'd ever met , but christian pierre coulliet , the foremost erotic photographer in the country barely noticed him at all .
the largest one in the country at the time was in fact northwest plaza in st . louis , missouri .
once things began to progress and the men wanted a physical relationship , she always backed away , afraid that her father had somehow found a way to control her from the other side of the country .
while i was out of the country on business , she hooked up with an old boyfriend and became pregnant .
the breakup hit her hard , and that , combined with moving clear across the country , exhausted her .
` ` no , he was out of the country until earlier this week , and i only saw him for a short time on monday .
england is a beautiful country steeped in history and tradition , but it was also home to the type of man that i liked to , er , find .
hence my presence in the country when marcus phoned .
marcus and fergus had decided that i would be the retriever and general facilitator , mainly because i happened to be in the same country as the person with the alleged match , but also because i did not stand out in a crowd quite as much as they did .
it had been blind luck that i had been in the same country as this girl , but things needed organising now .
it always amazed me that someone who hated and feared the cold so much insisted on staying in a country renowned for its rubbish weather .
it ll be colder than the rest of the country .
ana had spent her summer vacations with her parents in the algarve , located in the south of their country , portugal .
after a moment she murmured , i do nt know anything about your country .
sweetheart , i m sure there are a lot of small countries neither one of us has ever heard of .
because , while they re not as bad as they are here , and in other countries , we have our own paparazzi , and if one of us sneezed , everyone on all of the islands knew about it .
say you were there a few days ago looking up information on small countries for a summer homework assignment , and are finding it hard to believe that some of your favorite celebrities go there when no one has ever heard of casteloria .
casteloria is a small enough country , and i doubt many people have heard of it .
she s not even from our country .
i ve got a call coming in from the head of tourism in i forget which country .
she did nt like the idea of living in a strange country that spoke some odd sounding language .
they told him to leave the country .
it would probably be worse for franz because he was in foreign country , and there was no tante around .
he was in a foreign country .
from the different countries .
so they parted company on a sour note , ray stayed with her while her husband stayed in the royal air force and got himself posted to another area of the country .
we have people all over the country .
he had been interrupting our business in other parts of the country .
so i left him , and moved across the country .
so please do me a favor and stay on your side of the country in l.a . and by the way , '' i start as i shove past him pulling lucas with me .
so , one day while he was off filming , i packed all my stuff and left and went to the opposite side of the country , here .
my dad is an engineering troubleshooter , and he works for a company with lots of different holdings , all over the country .
we ve been talking about how the civil war actually had its roots in the earliest days of our country .
one of those eastern block countries romania , anne supplied .
well i applied to jobs all across the country , i paused to take a sip , trying to cure my suddenly dry throat .
` ` he competes in the top purse rodeos with some of the best bulls in the country .
what parts of the country did you live in ?
good thing there ai nt gon na be no country .
` ` i do n't know that i have all that many fans in this neck of the country , '' i said , elbowing adam to get more space .
after four years of working downtown , midtown felt like a foreign country : she 'd forgotten how touristy and crowded the streets there could get .
his children were enrolled in the best schools in the state , and his wife presided over some of the most prestigious social committees in the country .
last time we talked , you were travelling around the country .
its the perfect solution : new country , new home , new friends , new life .
when are you planning to leave this wet , cold country for sunshine and sangria ?
i know that the life style out here is more casual than in other countries , but i still think that there are plenty of occasions when one wants something different , something just that bit special , something that no - one else has .
his father has left the country .
i should quit my job and move across the country !
this was the meeting place for most of the towns young people who were interested in the latest music craze that was sweeping the country from america , called rock ' n ' roll .
where he sat eileen up on the brick parapet then he climbed up beside her and they started to talk of all the good times that they had spent in this part of the country , and of the plans that they had made to which nothing had eventuated .
the consequences of imprisonment in a middle east country considered renegade by the rest of the world were almost too shocking to fully grasp .
besides , it ll be a cold day in hell before i admit to my brother that i got myself arrested in a foreign country .
emma , what in hell are you doing in this war - ravaged country ?
if she s in the country , shell help us .
she hoped that the chaos in the city had caused many locals to flee in favor of safety with relations in other , more remote parts of the country .
never mind that a war raged just beyond the walled garden of the house in which they d found shelter , and never mind that they d both be executed if they were found by the secret police of this godforsaken country .
david kept a close watch on emma , his worry over her state of mind momentarily displacing his concerns about how they would actually exit the country without detection by the secret police and various other government entities .
my people will focus on getting you two out of the country at the earliest possible moment , which will probably be tomorrow morning , if mr . winston , our security officer , has his way .
canadian travel documents required to depart the country have been prepared for you .
in short , their successful flight from the country hinged upon their ability to bluff by giving the performances of a lifetime .
she did nt question him , because she sensed that the true definition of freedom for him would be the airspace beyond the border of this hellhole of a country .
maybe even leave the country .
leave the country ?
i had joyously burnt all the photos of my ex - boyfriends , given up my job , packed my bags saying goodbye to my adoptive country australia and grabbed the scholarship to study the stone - barrows of orkney with both hands .
i wo nt be back in the country until well after christmas if i go .
they re one of the last great old money families in this part of the country and have a reputation for being a little eccentric ; as such , they attract their fair share of attentionand they appear to harbor their fair share of secrets as well .
some times they would disappear for days at a time and then come back saying they had been across the country trying to find people .
they had left the pack and wanted to travel the country helping kids and people like sammy who had been turned into shifters and abandoned .
brighton would rather take his leave now and make an early flight out of the country .
but still he clung to his beliefs and in time the rest of the country came to see it his way .
` ` she 's been passed around since the day she was born then some guy from another country comes along and says , ' i ' m your father , kid , ' and takes her across the ocean . ''
when he needed some new clothes , shoes or sneakers , he braved those packed parking lots , which he swore attracted the rudest drivers in the entire country .
with the mans violent past and strong ties to the most extreme anti - american factions of the venezuelan government , it surprised alex that he had been allowed into the country at all .
you fly all over the country listening to bands .
why do n't you go grab isobels uncle , confiscate all his stuff and ship him out of the country ?
your choices are wearing that vest or me shoving you in the back of a van and shuttling you clear across the country with me .
when she had transferred to chicago for her last year of school , erik had followed , and later , when he had decided new york was the perfect place for his advertising agency , she had conveniently snagged a job in the big apple , this time following him half way across the country .
there was a sharp intake of breath , quickly followed by a threat , let me in or i 'll make sure you 're in great trouble in more countries than you ' ve ever visited .
it 's a beautiful country , yes ?
* * * clarens greeted us in the late afternoon with its peacefulness and beauty almost foreign in its nature like visiting another little country .
jay always claimed that he was the normal one and his brother and sister the crazy ones crazy to settle down with their own families and build a life in new country .
i d been out of the country just once and it was during a drive to canada .
they re the worst company in the country .
my doctor is named dr . booth , a woman whose age i ca nt pin down any closer than well over sixty , who is possibly one of the first female doctors in the country , and always seems a little disapproving of everything .
this small town girl was about to travel across the country .
having second thoughts about her plans to travel clear across the country , amber sighed .
agents across the country know when they are working in or around atlanta , they have a place to crash that 's a little more personable than a hotel room , derek replied .
i thought you loved your country , blake .
despite returning to england , she daydreams of one day being able to split her time between her home country and the balmy , white sandy beaches of spain .
apart from the apology , its like she never snapped at her son who d flown half - way across the country to meet her .
she could live her life here in london , as a wife and , hopefully , a mother , without the haunting shadows of her ancestry and country .
her country needed her .
what kind of ruler would she make one day if she could nt put her country before herself ?
she relied greatly on council in matters relating to the country , but her decision was ultimate .
but what would have happened when she sat in london and watched her country fall apart , crushed between two powers poised for the first sign of weakness ?
unfortunately , with my mothers illness not to mention a little country that needed to be run , she thought dryly .
catherine sounded so strong , so alone , so convinced that she could take on a country and a family single - handedly .
you re afraid that i want your power while geoffrey is too lazy to string two thoughts together , let alone try and take over your country ?
i wanted to be able to boast that i live in a castle and own an entire country .
meanwhile , she had a country to save and she needed her mothers advice .
nothing can compare to the spectacle of watching electrical charges unfolding from the deepest , heaviest clouds just before the first rays of sun break through the waning clouds shining on gods country .
i do nt agree with what he did to her or how he punished her for marrying your father by leaving your country to be ravaged as revenge .
afghanistan mountain country was anything but friendly .
damn , this country was beautiful but , he d had enough of it .
the man had just left a war torn country , had watched his friends maimed and slaughtered and been nearly killed himself , all in the last week .
i recommend we target the countries of south africa , singapore and australia , in each of these regions .
you ll be able to give the inn the financial backing it needs to make it a viable contender as one of the premier resorts in the country .
now she was sitting on a beautiful beach in a foreign country watching the bright colors of the sunset , and all she had to her name was the small backpack of clothes on her back .
how could someone who had failed geography in high school -- twice -- move around a foreign country like she was born there ?
shed been so naive , wandering a foreign country all by herself for the last year ; shed felt safe until tonight .
he d been in the country less than a month and had only picked up some basic words .
less than a month later , shed taken off and left the country .
she told him that she had enjoyed seeing all the different countries during her year abroad , but that this place felt different .
barry was one of the best music producers in the country .
cofax had several plants around the country , but their main office was in seattle .
yes , and then , julie said , picking up the story , she had the whole thing planned for their thirtieth anniversary but mitch was out of the country and had nt been getting his emails , so he did nt know about the party .
i wish for my daughter to be out of this godforsaken country on the next high tide .
she had often watched the ships entering the harbor from her daydreaming perch on her upstairs window seat and longed to sail into the horizon to one of the intriguing far distant countries that until now had only been visited in books .
she looked anything but upset at the thought of leaving her father , or her country , behind .
captain , i have never been to your country , though i have read much about america .
i m sorry you did not enjoy your stay in my country , lynna replied , feeling personally responsible for the woman 's distress .
oh , it was not the country , she mumbled .
he was of filipino origin and informed me that in his country it was called a come come or yo yo .
for many years they had served the people of their chosen country and rampaged over the battlefields slaying the more diminutive human warriors and making a name for themselves .
the ocean had so many tributaries , like the tax base of a country .
less like a country and more like a family or extended family at the least .
but one that drank the mother 's blood and consumed her spirit would have set off spiritual alarms all over the country .
now can i talk to my sister before she leaves the country with that prick ?
it has the best steak and ribs in the country .
amy stared at elizabeth with one raised eyebrow and countered , a two day trip in a mini cooper is all the way across the country , not half .
joshua shook his head in disagreement , i find it hard to believe that a crazed fan would be able to find elizabeth half way across the country , way up in a cabin in the mountains .
kyrah felt an unspeakable dread , but in no way expected ritcherd to emerge with the grave announcement , i have been asked to serve my country .
with that , he swore that if he ever got out of this country alive , he would never come back .
if you must be so proud as to work for a living , then i will help you find a suitable , respectable position in some other part of the country , away from my mother and that idiot you re working for now .
i did nt even know he was in the country .
well get out of the country by any means possible and just let all of this die down .
she was put on a ship going out of the country , just as many common criminals are .
recalling that george had left the country nearly a year before ritcherd had gone to war , he had to wonder if there was a connection .
kyrah was on her way to a country at warwith privateers , no less .
the captain is anxious to get the goods out of the country .
he left a note to his mother in the library that simply stated : jeanette , i m leaving the country .
a lone woman in a new country .
why would you leave the country when the woman you love is there ?
he came to america , and this book was soon filtering all over the country .
he could nt help imagining how life might have been for him and kyrah if they had been born and raised in a country where all menand womenwere considered to be created equal .
we should have left the country the first time you suggested it .
i wonder how much of war is acted out by men who blindly represent their country , with no thought as to what they re really fighting for .
first , the lourdes had to post their home as surety on bail ( in case he does nt show up for court or flees the country ) and here are the other parts : 1.neal will be on home electronic monitoring 2.neal must stay home at all times and can not attend school 3.neal must have a parent or adult over the age of twenty - five must be with him at all times 4.neal must not leave the state it does nt sound so bad for a person like me .
the air is heavy with sadness , greasy and gushing with bad wavesand while the oil gushes illegal immigrants cross the border in droves , unstoppable , looking for something better here in this country .
death of body is final , but not so with waves that keep goingover mountains , oceans , cities and towns and countries , over us all , pulsating like an infinite beat or an untamed beast .
amy liked that and went on to explained that where she worked there used to be a guy from australia and that he had gone into depth to her about the country .
` ` going far '' jake asked ` ` hays '' replied brad , ` ` i m from aussie just looking around your fine country '' .
` ` love it , its an amazing country , loved las vagas '' said brad .
` ` well maybe someone you talk to from another country i do nt know maybe from africa or australia '' , he said louder so it would stick in her mind .
here he was stranded in a foreign country with no money , no wallet or mobile phone and with the sheriff breathing down his neck .
firstly he did not have a work permit that would have to be his priority , so he could stay in the country .
a man who dies young for his country , they say , will know only lifes roses and leave no orphans .
and what kind of prospects would i have in your country ?
i knew that our country was beaten and i did not want to live under the germans .
we began to send balloons out of paris , hoping they would reach areas of the country that were still free .
while he walked , he dreamed that he was back in the balloon during the worst days of the war , flying out of paris with the messages that would save his country .
and by the end of the week , we will take the product that each one of you created and turn it into a multi - billion - dollar licensed property that will be sought after by each and every school district in this country .
this is your tribute to their country and their heritage .
when i see it , it will remind me of my own love story with this tournament , and with this country .
he looked as if he was about to kick someones ass or take over a small country .
before throwing caution to the wind and diving into a writing career , laurie dedicated 20 years to her country by serving in the united states air force .
me and half the female population of the country .
then there d been study break , exams , school was over and new studies , new careers , new cities and , for some like mitch , new countries beckoned .
their newest single light me with your love is currently number one in america as well as seventeen other countries around the world .
the girls were all sporting diamond embroidered jewelry and purses that looked as if they were all imported from foreign countries .
i m in a strange country with a man i hardly know .
i thought you were going to a foreign country to take on a murdering bastard on your own , totally unprepared .
he agreed to create a charitable foundation and fund it with millions of dollars and put her in charge , and more and more he was out of the country making his break the bank movies .
rae , i m the lead detective in charge of this case , but i flew across the country because i wanted to be there for you i always want to be there for you .
those two packs are on opposite sides of the country .
if it was a wolf , that meant they had a rogue as there were no more wild ones in this part of the country .
this part of the country seemed utterly abandoned .
my father is reclaiming this country for us .
anyway , it 's someplace in a northern baltic country , i think .
she was a young country , an ambitious country , pitted against an old and complacent one .
there are lots of schools in the middle of the country .
donna , this is mr . gates , one of the best cattlemen in this country .
it was all crazy , going from country to country just to find each otherbut he knew it was gon na be worth it .
it was all crazy , going from country to country just to find each otherbut he knew it was gon na be worth it .
he was a spy against the country of his birtha country gone mad with bloodlust , a country he could no longer recognize .
he was a spy against the country of his birtha country gone mad with bloodlust , a country he could no longer recognize .
she has duties in the country .
those belgian girls do have forthrightness that comes with being from such a small country .
it seemed like it was enough to feed a small country .
mum had said he was inconsiderate to ask georgie to give up a chance at one of the best universities in the country .
i left only with a few swollen tears to shed for my dear country .
shed traveled thousands of miles to various parts of the country and visited a few of them more than once .
had nt i done my duty by god , my country , and thursday night football ?
they 're very bigoted , very much about family and heritage and ye olde country .
she was head over heels for ben and trying to talk herself out of it because he was moving across the country .
i want a guy who can make me fly from this country , who not really he should be rich but i need to go outside this city this country rinisha replied sherry : give me three months for that .
rinisha : what move ahead are you playing with my feelings ca nt you try more , sherry : i already tried it needs more money and the things are not as much easy , rinisha : do i told you that i need money i know you are a single son why ca nt we go outside in the country itself ask your mom for the same if they allow .
and on the other hand rinisha : leave it can we just be friends , i just want to go outside this country .
the country knew her as award - winning singer - songwriter , katja stoltz - sturm .
he led his pride to a new country where they could live without worry .
as part of the agreement for asylum with his new country , he and his team acquired contracts for clandestine work through what was now a faction of homeland security .
his brother had loyal supporters , that much was evident by the way the pride chose to follow el to another country , instead of staying in africa with him .
this is an amazing country .
its an amazing country .
then again , they could attribute it to my love of the outback and my reluctance to farewell this breathtaking country .
cloaked figures in flowing robes wearing crucifixes trailed after us in dark alleys , hidden in shadows and pursuing us from one country to the next .
i 'd always wanted to visit the exotic country , but never in my wildest fantasies did i ever picture myself in a french cave , cowering in the dark like a possum .
it was a cold , damp and ugly country .
what she really wanted was to pack her suitcase and follow james across the country .
were in the country .
but he wanted to be a real family with joni and isaac , and he could nt do that traveling across country .
~~~ james should be halfway across the country by now , but he d waited , hoping joni would change her mind .
with their passion for wine and polo and their exuberant love of life , the wine country of california will never be the same .
scotty said up there as if the wine region to the north of san francisco was a foreign country .
he ran one of the best pathology labs in the country , he had a far - ranging mind and he was a renowned scientist .
` ` lady jacqueline makes heroic effort : takes down villain who could ' ve destroyed wine country .
pamela holds a master 's degree from harvard and lives in the wine country of california with her husband and two curious cats .
people had come from all over the country to see the titanic on its way .
several days ago , she had been booked on the adriatic and worried that her plans might be waylaid by the coal strike , which was crippling transport around the country .
even though she had jumped to many countries and many different times in the last six years , most of her life shed lived on a rural community within the gaian confederacy in what was once the bavarian hinterland .
carter had introduced hugo vance , a structural engineer who was responsible for many of the railway bridges that were springing up across the country .
nor would her husband be considered acceptable with his blatant unwillingness to consider learning english when he was moving to an english - speaking country .
before he knew it , his share of the tips would be enough to get clear across the country .
so i moved from one country to the next , never staying anywhere more than a year .
only one patron browsed the shop , taking interest in the floor globe he spun as if looking for a specific country .
its not like this is rural country , kara , grace called after her .
did you know that nathans been to half a dozen countries ?
as his two friends chatted together in spanish , billy decided to stretch his legs and scope out this unfamiliar country .
that was before , when he lived on the hill in his home country of rwanda .
she was always in some backward third world country where a simple task like making a phone call was a problem on the same scale as balancing the national budget .
he wanted her to go halfway around the world to a country crawling with bugs ?
the rebels in this country resent the camps because of the interhamwe and the government threatens to expel the refugees every week .
what have you done while i was visiting my country wife ?
how is your country wife , joseph ?
she had refused therapy , was adamant that she was fine , then dropped out of college , and left the country .
this country is about to split wide open with civil war and i am not about to walk into the middle of an african war .
kabilas rebel alliance forces are ready to tear this country wide open .
do you like what he has done to your country ?
while his country fell apart , he built palaces that he never used because he preferred his european estates .
it is stated in the laws of this country that all foreigners must have my permission to stay in this village .
they had lived in the middle of the country , in a small town in idaho , as far away as anyone could get from a beach .
without it , the country would starve to death .
you will go back to your country and nothing here will change .
useless is what a man in this country quickly learns to become .
i fly over parts of this country that used to be covered by trees , and now they are all gone .
come on , jc , when was the last time you drove past a specially grown hardwood forest in your country ?
the people in this country have been through too much not to want a change , but they are wrong if they think a new government will change things .
i m tired of losing you every time you leave the country .
you were caught in a rebel camp , an offense punishable by death in my country .
it was in the days when every male had been required to do a two year tour of duty to defend his country against the black forces that would see an end to the white apartheid system .
i do nt want to end up in jail in this country .
zaire must , like any other country , stop those within its own borders who wish an end to its government .
zaire has been a stable country for almost twenty years .
how is it a mondela like you comes to be in my country with no money ?
thieves are killed in this country , miss carter .
like knowing next year when the government changes nobody is going to demand i leave the country or some soldiers will kick down my door and haul my ass off to jail .
the alternative had been the buses she had seen in every part of the country , weighed down with mountains of luggage on the roof and a belly stuffed with people .
his accent held a trace of something exotic , but she could nt place his country of origin .
better enough that you can tell me why you flew across the country without telling me you were coming ?
how could we make any progress with my panic attacks if we were nt even in the same state , same country ?
i d known before i ever flew all the way across the country that i might get hurt in the end .
who picks up and moves their family halfway across the country because of a freaking bookstore ?
what country would you want to see one day ?
as i told you , i was raised in another country , a more primitive culture .
he could nt shake the feeling that her reactions were due to more than growing up in a foreign country .
unfortunately , groups of powerful people in the country do nt .
are you out of the country this week ?
he was pursuing a new major at a new school in a new town in a new section of the country , practically a foreign land .
but its a free country .
free country , zach said .
if you and your man are ever in our part of the country , please look us up .
olivers mother was always alone in the house , one son dead , the other on the other side of the country , and the husband who was never at home .
i m adara freaking connor , the daughter of one of most influential warlocks in the country and the sister of one of the saviours !
witches and warlocks from all over the country came to pay their respects to the connor family , plus me .
she s the only reported banshee in the country .
he is one of the most influential and powerful warlocks in the country , so i think you should speak to him .
penelope put her hand in my own and i closed my eyes , transporting us across the country as fast as a blink of an eye .
we all sat in the crowded room while mr connor made urgent phone calls to all of the best witch trackers in the country .
we were both transported across the country , and we appeared in the car park for a hospital in manchester .
we teleported across the country , and we all staggered away from each other , falling against walls and tables .
i was part of a witch coven , and i had scoured the country tracking down magical items just a few weeks ago .
i thought i d met all surviving trexel in the country .
i was just being paranoid and did nt know how to resolve that before leaving the country .
for leaving the country and keeping me in the dark .
you left the country for me ?
although life had sent us in different directions , quite literally placing us on opposite sides of the country , and things often got so busy that it would be months between conversations , we remained close .
in fact , he d even suggesting flying me across the country to spend evenings with him elsewhere .
anyway , her name is guadalupe -- but we call her loopey -- but she s not spanish or anything , she s as american as you or me though with all the ill eagle aliens coming into the country these days that you see on the tv , i m not so sure about you but her peopleve been in this country for moren a hundred years to , or more , even , maybe ...
anyway , her name is guadalupe -- but we call her loopey -- but she s not spanish or anything , she s as american as you or me though with all the ill eagle aliens coming into the country these days that you see on the tv , i m not so sure about you but her peopleve been in this country for moren a hundred years to , or more , even , maybe ...
it were nt scotch , but what our people made here in his country from the recipes brought over on the ships that brought em here uncle willie , he was a regular scholar of old timey stuff .
so abe was going on about all the poverty in the world and said something about in some countries they ai nt got but one pair of underwear for every two people .
he stood up , an he was all mad , an his face was all twisted an he was talking so loud that i thought he d wake the neighbors even though they was a half - mile down the road , an it woulda been real impressive , him standin there makin his speech bout moral rights and not being prejudiced gainst people just cuz they got feathers or four legs , an how two hundred years ago , people wanted their slaves in this part of the country .
he reached out his hand to me like a long distance message from another country , like he was already gone , and maybe i would ve been upset if i had nt knowed it already .
while there was absolutely no way she would send mia to boarding school , it might be exciting for mia to have an opportunity to live in a foreign country .
he never took his eyes off them as they described the country , the people , and the way god was working .
his compounds are known all over the country , hell , all over the world for the depraved shit that goes down there .
she was going to have to change her name and move out of the country when this farce was finished .
in any country .
michael did nt say , but with a bit of luck , it ll be in another country .
or , america is a big country .
but georgio always seemed to be out of town on the firms business usually in some developing country .
she had only a small sum of money which would now immediately change her temporary shipboard status as a pampered princess to someone living in the real world , in a country where she did nt yet know what the real world was .
how the march on washington would clearly change the country , and how there was controversy about a few soldiers being sent to a place called viet nam .
and even though she had n't completely lost that typical attitude of the american abroad that everywhere else in the world was just a toy town , she knew she should n't so flamboyantly disregard the laws of another country .
a country she was more and more adopting as her own .
sally brought a copy of newsweek to explore the mysteries of the country she left behind .
after all , she had left one country behind , and while she was away , it had disappeared and another must have taken its place .
being away from america at this time meant she was missing the country 's growing up and changing into something else .
i guess i needed something better , she told ruth , than a country where all you can do is go out to eat !
what do you think i ' m doing here on my own in a foreign country !
life had seemed a nightmare journey through an impenetrable forest , but now , maybe slowly , she was trying to start again , and mould an identity for herself out of her job , her little flat , her one or two slight acquaintances , and her trips back to her relatives in switzerland , the country of her mother .
of course , her family could be living in another state or even in another country and that would explain why she talked about peter 's family more and was able to rely on them more as well .
they shared his view of the world and they were the only ones he would trust with his plan to save the country .
soon , the country would be as it should be .
most of the humans in the country who were executed were given injections of poisons , connor explained .
that was until shed learned that in his human life he felt a great loyalty to his country , and he was responsible for the support and care of his disabled mother .
its also how humans in this country ended up having strange sightings of animals that should nt live in this country and some that people believe are extinct .
its also how humans in this country ended up having strange sightings of animals that should nt live in this country and some that people believe are extinct .
no one expected the quarantine of the country to last so long .
he d dropped everything and traveled across the country because he loved her .
i ve threatened you with lawsuits , outright lied to you now and then , tried in vain to flirt with you , and occasionally i ve pondered whether i could bribe you to just leave the country .
people came from massachusetts and numerous countries to start over again with many options of religious freedom .
he has been moving around the country in regular intervals , never staying anywhere for long , and earning himself a reputation as a strict , emotionless businessman who does nt have a life apart from office .
i could nt hear her voice clearly because she was from another country , but as i plugged my earphones in , i was stunned when i looked up to see those diamond eyes staring into mine .
she emigrated from her country after converting to catholicism and marrying a french man who practiced pacifism until his country came first .
she emigrated from her country after converting to catholicism and marrying a french man who practiced pacifism until his country came first .
and i was glad she had escaped her country alive .
if you flew across the country dressed as an 80s boythat takes some serious humility and it really makes me feel special .
and sending my ex all the way across the country ?
as pressure mounted for them conform to the ways of the church of england , a growing number of the population wanted to flee the country .
your country is backwards .
you are being watched , you all will be the reason america is the next country to be defeated by russia .
that s what this country is all about .
the studio held eight wrestling rings back - to - back , each with eager hopefuls from all over the country practicing their skills .
and he travels clear across the country you know what travel was like back thenit probably took him months to get to his girl in the west .
it was almost like the big country in her gregory peck movie .
night was coming and it got dark fast in this part of the country .
its big country .
the movie title you re thinking of big country .
it may be a bit chilly at night , but you ll be in some of the most beautiful country on gods earth .
ill give you a hint 1958 , big country i think i missed that one .
that stopped him baltimore way across the country on an airplane ah her face fell .
its beautiful country .
traveling to different places in the country , especially the western states , gives jeanne ideas for her books .
there is no country in the world that you or terzini will be safe in , you will be tracked down like dogs .
he d made it clear to eugene that fleeing the country was not possible , that he would be tracked down and killed .
any university in the country would have salivated at the chance to have one like it .
so he left the country and went to the kamchatka peninsula in the russian far east .
so this terzini guy , this genius geneticist you live with , he went rogue and fled the country to russia ?
i ve heard about guys who make a nice dinner for their girlfriends before they dump them , like a parting gift or something , then make up some ridiculous story about why they ca nt be together anymore , you know , the guy is really in the cia and she would blow his cover or he s leaving the country .
gabriel had attempted to blackmail him into leaving the country and living out his remaining days in exile in an isolated niche of the planet .
i ca nt speak for the population of an entire country , but i d rather disappear in a group .
you want to go from place to place across the country indefinitely with no home , no family , nothing ?
we would perform at shows all across the country and show off our connection !
the frigging country ? ''
then , he d been off in the dark war to fight for their country , for their island .
last time i checked , this was a free country .
just because he could throw money around and probably was some high - powered executive who flitted all over the country on his private jet spending more money in a week than she made in ten , did not mean he could buy himself out of his negligence .
despite a mother who rejected her free - spirited , unique ways as irresponsible and just plain wrong , jenny has found happiness as a photographer , flitting around the country and snapping photos of other peoples lives .
some womens husbands were gone for weeks at a time or at least every week , even had apartments in other cities across the country , and only spent saturdays and sundays at home .
i insisted on sharing the driving although both of us knew izzy could have driven all the way across country non - stop .
` ` you ' ve had your little jaunt across the country .
` ` school is going to start up again in just a few weeksyou have n't even done the work you were assigned the last time you went traipsing off across the country .
she 'd been my biggest fan when she thought i was good for jasoneven let him go traipsing across the country to find me , but it was clear from her expression that things had changed .
there were , what i would call professional re - enactors that came from many places around the country to participate .
look what 's happenedhe left school to go traipsing off across the country after herand i ' m still not convinced she did n't do her little disappearing act on purposenow this latest fiasco he was shot !
` ` sure , i met all of her family before i headed across country . ''
wanted in 25 countries .
we were not even in the same country ! ''
the sun was just tilting low over the paris rooftops and suzie 's perfect life in brussels was left behind , she was in another country .
we did need visas , because we were going to fly down to a tiny island which was officially in another country and then we would get in his speedboat and whiz out to his pirates ship .
she was born in london and has lived and worked in various countries all over europe .
but the sentiment was the same safe travels , seeing the country .
but there were classrooms of kids needing teachers all over the country .
like leslie , i had family members from all over the country migrate to the old gray barn for reunions .
- in another country .
she sobbed , ` ` i swear i 'll flee to another part of the country before i let harris become influenced by that shithead . ''
after completing the business of writing anja , emotional exhaustion and heartbreak had driven him from the country .
` ` yeah , i ' ve been out of the country . ''
a few days later the scumbag left her high and dry and the authorities think he skipped the country .
he spoke of the green tuff , the symbol of the country and how he was fascinated by the uniqueness of that rock .
enough , enough now , he had lost his patience , they came to this country both trizia and ross .
just the idea of visiting a group of people in another country that are living in misery and my not being able to do anything to stop it would make me sick to my stomach .
if you do nt want to talk with me , its a free country so you do nt have to .
slight but agile , ray tyler was considered one of the best mountain men in the country and had conquered most of the worlds highest and most treacherous peaks .
it is a long and tedious story , but the doctors in my country provided treatment i had not been offered in the u.s . my condition began to improve after about a year .
in a country where no one will know me , and the havoc i create .
` ` can be intimidating landing in a new country for the first time . ''
they devastated countries all across our world .
knowing her daughter found the humor in the situation as much as she did showed her just how much scout had matured over the years and made her a little less anxious about her move halfway across the country .
should i have said wicked party since you are moving to wicked country ?
the man liked his coffee , and if he was going to be driving halfway across the country today , he probably needed a whole pot .
i hated being on the other side of country , away from the only family i had left .
read the rest of scarlets story in only for you by e.l.todd about the author amazon bestselling author , e. l. todd , was raised in sunny california where she still lives today , claiming its the best place in the country .
i mean , we lived with my grandparents for a few years , but then they decided to be one of those retired couples who drives around in a motorhome all over the country .
maybe he s the king of some crazy country !
well be flying over some of the most desolate terrain in the country '' ` ` what does that matter ?
` ` maggie and sharon left for school two weeks ago , '' savanna said , a flash of sadness rushing through her at the thought of her friends who were now on the other side of the country .
and now those same friends she 'd graduated with were off seeking their destinies at colleges and corporations across the country .
i love america and my country butwhat are those soldiers really fighting for ?
umive never been out of the country .
you know how i hate having all my babies around the country .
or the country ?
and no , not the country , either .
all of us monroe kids had drifted to different parts of the country , leaving our adorable parents in breezewater .
yes , but it may be better to enjoy the week were here , and then go back to our lives around the country .
the last time i talked to him , he was in his early twenties , searching the country .
henry and i have been over the country , back and forth to north carolina and nashville for ellie , and its just been crazy i nodded forcefully .
the day after that was victors last day in the country .
how can i live with my best friend on the other side of the country ?
well , with uncle peter out of the country during all of the wedding planning , my dad was sort of his stand in while all of the arrangements were being made .
so , what are abbys expectations for this little sojourn in the country ?
how 's cajun country ? ''
why are you being so good to me when i ' m engaged to marry someone else in a completely different part of the country ?
so , if kenneth callahan was a partner in a new york firm , what happened that caused him to move halfway across the country to start over ?
he was also surprised to discover that he was no longer in france , but in a country called america in a city called new york city .
he mostly concentrated on what had happened in france and what had happened in the country he was now in : america .
but now a new stage for the apocalypse had been set , and this country of america was where everything would begin .
the great country known as the land of the free ?
yes , this is a beautiful , rich country filled with opportunity , butits not like that for everyone .
there s a great divide in this country between the very rich and the very poor .
dantalion was interested in the state of affairs in this country that he d been transported to .
its a pity but this amazing country still has things like unemployment , homeless people and orphans , but the news never talks about things like that .
also , i need a consultant about this world , er , country , fred .
i know truckers all over the country .
were in the middle of the country .
because i m crossing the country with a guy and i have no idea what makes him tick .
shanti and jonathon tell us about the old days , when they hitched all over the country following the grateful dead .
were both excited beyond belief we crossed the country in four days , half the time we allowed , and have no plans other than seeing the sights and getting ready for the audition on monday at radio city music hall .
bulls place is famous all over the country , so he knows everyone .
it seems like every station , every reporter , every paper in the country wants a bite of me .
you and phelps in the most romantic country on earth ?
it had been more than three years since i d been out of the country .
now this may not have been incontrovertible as far as evidence goes , but i felt pretty certain that my earlier doubts as to ferreros country of origin were well - founded .
ferrero was inconsolable , bemoaning the loss of his precious limo and wondering how we would ever get back to the city from the godforsaken country .
i mean , not only is this my first trip out of the country , my first time on a plane , but milan ?
and that s why he d left india to come back to this chilly , bland country .
elinor hated the country .
a raging fire and i can pretend i am at home and not in this perpetually chilled country .
when will you be leaving for the country ?
he was nt leaving for the country yet .
i simply can not imagine why men get old and gray in this country .
men get old and gray in every country .
the country was good for you , sebastian .
if you die and make me come back to this god - forsaken country as an earl , i will never forgive you , sebastian .
god - forsaken country .
she might be willing to share her true love with the army , the cause was noble enough , the greater good of the country depended on men like richard .
she could almost believe that she was in the country .
she had never talked with morgan about the country .
i send my deepest sympathy to you and richard wiltons family and hope that his death in service to king and country will , in time , bring comfort .
` ` a young girl , like yourself , suddenly feels the need to find her birth mother , so much so that she drops everything , leaves her adopted parents and travels all the way across the country .
` ` free country . ''
every able man in the country had joined up for service .
i think he must have broken half the girls hearts in the country .
were in one of the poorest districts in the country .
* go back to your own country , you four - eyed monster .
and when you meet them , you ll know how lovely this country is .
with the amount of wealth he owned , why did his father choose to live in new zealand , a country that was even smaller than the state of california ?
she s never been to that part of the country before , so i think you could be the perfect candidate for it .
its a lovely country , hunter said .
maybe if he went at the end of this year , he could explore that part of the country and check out her clinic .
lovely country with lovely people , unlike here .
definitely a multicultural country , new zealand .
i just want to get out of the country .
well , julie , for sure mexico , but one of my sources indicated that the activity could possibly involve central and south america as well as some asian countries .
i d like to take a flight somewhere , anywhereive never been on a plane , or a train , and i d love to take a train across the country .
he called me and said he was out of the country and would nt be able to make it .
your sister called you at the country club .
for all i knew , lacey had already gotten the racket and was on her way back to the country club .
i mean your other family from your home country .
especially that half of them are in countries or areas that are nt yet covered with hovertraffic control systems , so you could nt physically go there even if you wanted to , unless you had a hoverpilots license .
you clearly love your country , she smiled , passing him a cup of coffee .
why did you fly all the way from la , from the other side of the country , to come and save me ?
they wo nt be popular in their own country , so the us government could just as well let their own enemies have them .
they call japan the country of the rising sun , daniel said , but you ll see the sunset first .
in every country and every city the band played a concert , daniel planned something special for the two of them to do after their work was finished .
he was excited to show her bonnie scotland , as he referred to his country , and she looked forward to that a lot .
soon we found ourselves living and working in the most conservative muslim country in the world saudi arabia .
the five of us lived across the country , but jon and i lived the farthest apart in a number of ways .
an armys bird of prey headed off to a country that is ungrounded in a philosophy we americans hold dear .
is it being here in a war zone , in a foreign country , or it is tyler ?
these children all around me are victims of a war - torn country .
honor ... duty to country ...
they assist us but ultimately , short - staffed and stretched too thin as it is in this huge country , we are on our own .
a pestilence that haunts this country is a little weaker today .
it was really hard convincing the afghani government to let us take hanif out of the country , but we did it .
being married to a devout service member and then having a child solidified my own beliefs in this amazing country .
` ` i knew that he was out of the country , but pat has n't told me what he does . ''
he s only twenty - three and an army brat who has lived all over the country before settling into the chicago area when he went to college .
it seems they bounced it off a few towers outside the country before letting it hit your phone , liz reported .
jenny was the host of in home now , a hugely popular atlanta - based television show that aired in regional cable television markets across the country .
during his phone call , daddy learned that in home now , in a trial move , was going to open three retail locations across the country .
in fact , one of their profilers believes he will head for the west coast or possibly leave the country .
he was the third richest man in the country , a former mayor , and the predicted winner of the senatorial race even though he had yet to declare himself a candidate .
and how would you feel if it was your daughter posing in an eye patch and a rubber band , airbrushed , glossed over and sent to thousands of pairs of horny eyes all over the country ?
you mean he would nt read as far as the offer to split eighteen million dollars in funds smuggled out of a war - torn country ?
you re sitting on that chair as if you might have to flee the country at a moments notice .
from nearly every country , it seems , one can find the right bike .
he had ridden it around the country , nearly seven thousand miles in just over two weeks , and the bike performed flawlessly .
its supposed to be the hot thing , even hotter than the sport - bike he had a few years ago , the one on which he raced around the country the year after riding the touring bike .
she s still there , now , scrubbing away like raife , whose last day alive is scrubbing his own residues off a clean terminal floor in a country he has been in only five minutes .
its a tough place to live , this country , in spite of all the things to buy .
good for my country he speak english .
it was more the opposite , like his own country : a few rich at the top , and the rest struggling at the bottom .
and as for a history , well it takes more than thirty years to develop a country and five hundred to exit the dark agessss .
the first voice in a series of voices that would eventually lead him across the entire country , weeping .
the only one in the whole damn country wearing tennis shoes .
it stretches into the darkness and beyond vision over a country from which half his genes have come .
it was well known that this country had the highest accident rate in the world .
this wasa the best droad in the country !
it wasa the best droad in the country !
this wasa the best the droad in the country !
he said , and then as if to ensure raad had not missed the first important statement , he repeated his initial sentence again : this country is america !
tired of attempts to persuade him one way or another by people who had never even set foot in the country .
and now everybody america he s talking everytime this country , we did nt havingk the human dright here !
in fact , he is probably their biggest threat , his country , the values he represents , the place he comes from and to which he will return one day .
what was it he thought he had that they did nt , or could get from him that they could nt get at home , or anywhere else in the country ?
we suck more of the earths resources than any other country , and yet we have only a small percentage of the worlds population bloody yanks , you we live to consume , to suck .
how can anyone afford to live in this country and own a house and a car and actually buy gas and , and , afford to get modified ?
holy shit , we raped the continent of africa , we still rape the continent of africa and we still rape the black population in our country and yet we ve got them so utterly duped they re paying people , probably white people , to cut up their faces and bodies so they can look more like the people who raped them !
i had dreams of being a foreign correspondent , but my parents did nt want me to leave the country or go to dangerous places .
it would be fun to yell things at rick from across the country .
do you really have to wonder about me and road trips after i pretty much begged you to drive across the country instead of fly ?
no two ways about it : driving in a foreign country in the rain with dusk approaching and no one to help navigate was no picnic , darcy thought gloomily .
as the new owner would be out of the country on a business trip for the first two weeks of her employment directions to a nearby gte , or holiday cottage , would be left pinned to the door of the church in the village of the same name .
if chateaux had a definable sex , darcy thought , this one would be male , and might make a nice consort for belagnac she spent a few moments , imagining their progeny cute little baby chateaux dotted about the normandy countryside but then that was france to a tee anyway , throw a stone in this part of the country and you d quite likely hit a chateau of one sort of another , they were so thick on the ground .
darcy was silent , thinking for a moment before she continued , its mostly that i wanted to get a feel for what grows well in this part of the country and visiting similar gardens is an easy and enjoyable way of doing so .
the last time we spoke you were leaving me for another woman in another country .
he was never quite comfortable meeting other australians people tended to act as if they should know one another , not comprehending just how expansive the country was .
its like another country over there , commented steve , echoing his own thoughts .
another hour went by , my mom giving me updates on how danielle wanted to move across the country and go to the university of oregon , while alexandria wanted to start up a band .
i would have taken the little flufferbutts in even if rick lived across the country .
the country had been in a deep freeze since november , and white powder decorated large swathes of the countryside .
she s not even in this country .
that goes a long way in this country , i said , just spouting off ideas that came to mind .
he believed so greatly back then in the idea that this country was based on , he has nt ever left .
i ve had them in more than one country and in more than one gourmet restaurant too .
she laughed and said , i promise , but you better start saving me a country or two now , because i m on my way .
lets see , last time we d spoken shed broken up with me and moved across the country , taking my heart with her and turning me into a puzzle with pieces missing .
the winning band got a recording contract with a major label , plus a tour across the country .
the winning band got a recording contract with a major label , and the top four bands were sent on tour together across the country .
along with our little conferences around the country , we d had to deal with warlock attacks in every city we visited .
with us touring around the country , it was convenient that nate and i had thought far enough ahead to have houses available in all the major cities .
good , at some point , since i do nt feel like yelling across the country , someone needs to call them and tell them there s going to be a wedding tomorrow .
i do n't want to contribute to the obesity in the country without knowing if the nails are going to stay put . ''
in a climate like ours where one may not see the sun from one season to the next , anyone or anything that can cheer a drooping spirit may literally be a lifesaver in a country where suicide is a leading cause of death in healthy adults .
people from all over the country apply for it and are willing to move no matter how far for the security of the work .
scarlet 's country !
ireland must be the only country in the world , where half the population drive with a provisional licence !
the celts were always successful in establishing themselves in other countries like , brittany , england , ireland , scotland and wales .
` ` arrah , according to you it 's a country full of exiled mick 's and paddy 's ! ''
this is my country , where i want to live the rest of my life .
only half an hour ago you were going on about what a great country this was , where you could go out and do a day 's work , come home , order a pizza from the italians , a video from the albanians and send your washing round to the chinese !
after a tour with you he had to leave the country !
deirdre and myself hooted at this , and deirdre piped up , usually its the girl that has to leave the country in disgrace but true to form when you girls are involved , the rules are changed !
shiela pauses before continuing , this country is good at that .
i saw the lettering on the side of the camera and i recognised una finnegan who hosts the new successful program , news and views from around the country .
these are busy people and they have to go back to dublin tonight to work on our interview for tomorrows instalment of news and views from around the country !
were already the talk of the town , now well be the talk of the country !
its donegal that is my inspiration , the very barren , granite rocks , the heather and wild ferns , the churning sea in a tempest , and the people who reflect the ruggedness of the country in their stoicism .
i had never been out of the country before !
ever since i was a child , i had come to adore this country and its people , due to my greek dad , and it pleased me to feel that summer holidays here had become part of my life again , the same way they used to be when my dad was alive .
an e - mail from my mother appeared on the screen , but at that moment i was not in a mood for more advice on how to behave in a foreign country .
one of the many gateways that exist in greece actually , as well as in other countries .
no one knew of the marriage because it was before he had become known in the business world , before he assumed his new name , and come to this country .
i never thought i would see something like that and one of your members was telling me that there are other hospitals like that in other countries .
by the time i hit high school i was the number one swimmer in the state and colleges all over the country were scouting me and offering me the world if i chose their school .
now he lived on the other side of the country .
jerry ended up being married and moved to the other side of the country .
during a twenty - minute phone call two days ago , shed put her life in a tailspin by making the decision to move from one end of the country to the other .
our father told us the story of how grandfather convinced him to leave the country .
you ca nt narrow it down to a state , city , perhaps a particular country ?
wednesday 6/29 dear diary , part of my new job responsibilities includes attending conferences and workshops around the country .
it 's known all over the country for coronary care . ''
the last word i heard was that he 'd left the country and was hiding from extradition somewhere in central america . ''
embarrassed to be chasing your daughter half way across the country when her mind 's already made up .
that would have been fifteen - thousand dollars if he could stand to keep his dick in his pants for two weeks out of the country with you .
with access to the checking and savings , she fantasized about a shopping spree or fleeing the country and leaving all her troubles behind .
i want you to know july , nate , and i will really miss you if you re across the country .
kira was eager to get in after the last few chilled forays back east and the long waterless journey across the country .
i have nt seen anything on the news to indicate a massive fight has broken out in the middle of the country .
the price i d seen was nt what it was in new york , but i supposed it could ve been a reasonable price for the middle of the country ; we had nt run into any gas stations to know whether that was true though .
which part of the country , which state , which town , which house , which room in the house .
the most important thing for vash , however , was the van - sized map that showed the pattern of contagion around the country .
already she was dreading his getting on a separate plane from her tomorrow , one that would take him to the opposite side of the country from where she 'd be .
do n't tel me it 's not personal when you decide we 're better off working on opposite sides of the country ! ''
as the teams move across the country , they 're running across expat lycans and sending them here .
` ` i want to , but if i leave the country without telling the company ... '' ` ` hell .
one side of the country to the other . ''
raceport was crowded as always , due to its reputation for being a mecca for motorcycle enthusiasts from all over the country , but very few people glanced twice at him .
she chose builders from another part of the country , as she wanted to avoid giving preference to the o'haras or their main rivals in the construction business .
and chicky would pat her on the hand and say that they would be the talk of the country .
five years later her father had married again ; a pleasant , distant woman called olive who made jewellery and sold it at markets and fairs around the country .
' that part of the country is very unspoiled , and winter would be much more attractive than going with the crowds in summer .
eventually , he decided to say that the economy of the country had taken a serious hit because of the recession .
' you and half the country are looking for him .
they were now quite certain that the prize was theirs , and were unprepared for the shock of hearing they had won second prize - a holiday in some remote place on the cliffs over the atlantic at the other side of the country .
the walls explained that it was in a section aimed at children , and so every school in the country would be sending in entries .
' i suppose you and your husband will spread this all over the country before the night is out , ' said miss howe bitterly .
the walls of her study were covered with pictures of birds and reports from various conservancy and birdwatching groups around the country .
she had dark brown hair and even darker eyes , and i ' ve been told she spoke with an accent that made men from other parts of the country go weak in the knees .
i use distance as an excuse - she lives across the country from my wife and me - but we both know the real reason i stay away .
that 's a special drink from my country .
sebastian was trying to defend his country and rescue her daughter .
i 'll remain in the country for a week .
unfortunately , that need always had to wait : wait until he was in a secure position , maybe even in a different country entirely ; wait until there was an available , willing woman at hand ; and , most of all , wait until he had settled down enough that he could be relatively civilized in the sack .
all the zig - zagging across the country she had done today had made it impossible for her father to be involved .
they did n't have to worry about bears , not in this desertlike part of the country , but coyotes were possible .
he used to make his way in the dangerous world he had chosen , shaped it into a weapon to be used in defense of his country and , ultimately , his family .
it was in the country , to cut the risk of collateral damage to innocent civilians .
the only way hauer could have gotten into the country and moved about as freely and undetected as he had was with inside help - the fbi mole .
` ` why did we fly all over the country ?
` ` this country rube probably never even heard of it , '' elden chimed in .
he 'd taken the other salver from a rich merchant in a game of cards in the low countries in 1630 ; he 'd stolen this one in 1745 - much too close for comfort .
eastern north carolina is a beautiful and special part of the country , blessed with temperate weather and , for the most part , wonderful geography .
` ` and i suppose he 's busy running the country .
simon wanted to remind his uncle of the many ` ` royal bastards '' who had contributed to the country over the centuries , but he restrained himself .
how could ariella be right here in his own country and too busy to see him ?
but her friend was now madly in love with the head of the most powerful television in network in the country , and this was quite possibly the scoop of the century .
after meeting her father for the first time in front of the entire country , it seemed anything was possible and her own privacy , even her feelings , were of little importance .
no one was going to force him out of the country or make him give up his position in the royal family because of whom he loved .
` ` your country does have the most beautiful gardens in the world . ''
` ` in our country , it 's traditional to ask the father of an intended bride if he objects to the marriage .
` ` i ' m having the time of my life here in colin 's home country .
who would want to go away for a weekend to a foreign country without their children ?
overwhelmed by the sights he encountered and the emotions bubbling up inside , he 'd penned his feelings to her in every city over the damn country .
while you travel around the country and close deals ?
we visit your country for the first time , and we wish to see the archduke , who started our - how you say - first earth war . ''
` ` you know they ' ve been calling the country gutshot for a long - ass time , and lindsey , i bet you do n't even know why . ''
boys from all over the country would come here and they 'd fight for five or ten dollars , winner take all , and make extra money betting on themselves .
when did your people come to the country ?
` ` there 's only one legal way i know to keep aleksandr in the country . ''
if he lived to be a wise , old man he doubted he 'd ever understand this country he 'd come to love .
at his silence , julia added , ` ` if that 's something you 'd care to consider - bringing your immediate family into the country .
` ` you americans regard marriage differently than we do in my country .
my head tells me i live in your country now , but my heart believes in tradition .
i will remain in the country and complete my experiments .
jerry was convinced that marrying you was the only way to keep you in the country .
they 'd corresponded over the years and alek had shared his frustration with his country and his work .
` ` jerry offered me a job in this country almost three years ago .
after phoenix paints was launched and he 'd established his mother and sister in the country , she wanted alek out of her life .
he 'd been at the airport that afternoon , dealing with the immigration people , working out the final details of his sister 's entry into the country .
` ` this country is so beautiful . ''
then again , he 'd lived in a country where it was n't uncommon for citizens to disappear and never be heard from again .
` ` did you know alaska has the westernmost and easternmost spots in the country ? ''
the trees in this part of the country grow thick as an old man 's beard and block out all but the hardiest rays of the sun .
some of the best doctors in the country , and that was all they could say .
next to the open gate was an etched wooden sign that read welcome to our country haus .
he fell in love with a young girl who had big dreams and seemed at home in the fast lane , a girl who charmed the whole country .
there were enough goodies to feed a small third world country .
they 're spread out all over the country , and we do n't want them risking the drive or taking on the expense of a plane trip . ''
` ` i only meant that as strict as the rules of society are , they do tend to be a bit more lax and forgiving in the country . ''
do whatever you must to keep her under control and out of my sight , or so help me god i 'll see her shunned and ostracized to such a degree that her only option will be to leave the country .
all he could do was thank his lucky stars that she did n't know what his plan entailed , for she would undoubtedly quit the country before allowing him to reunite her with her parents or make a public appearance as the long - lost lady margaret .
somehow he 'd ensure that it made its way into shops all over the country , because the pictures were just too incredible to be hidden away - they deserved to be seen by everyone .
` ` you can either be tried by your peers , or you can flee this country , never to return .
it 's got one of the last cinerama screens left in the country .
` ` if you had told me that it was a foregone conclusion , i would n't have followed you across the country ... '' he stopped talking and looked at her .
australia 's most northerly city may possess a tropical lifestyle that was the envy of the rest of the country , but it still did n't hold a candle to this woman 's beauty .
not another country .
four of donald 's offspring had departed years ago to make their mark in other parts of the country .
that had been over two years ago and no one ever spoke about dana or paul harper , connor 's former business partner who had pinched his live - in lover while connor had been out of the country on a business trip .
i just saw drew the other day and ryan is off in some other country right now .
what were the odds he 'd meet her in another country ?
i had to leave the country for a while .
he could n't believe he was even considering not doing it but patsy was n't ready to leave the country and there was no way he could take nicole .
i ' ve never left the country , '' she said , understanding his shock .
seeing them at all was worth coming to this country . ''
i was not merely across the country from my former home in san diego , but seemingly worlds away .
i hated the way he talked about brooklyn like it was a third - world country .
he wigged when i told him i lived with a woman and that i 'd moved across the country to be with you .
now his home in oceanside was the entire country away .
we imagine hearts are breaking across the country this morning . ''
he was married to the girl he wanted , they lived in a different country away from me , so what was his problem ?
the room had changed little since i was seventeen ; even while out of the country , my parents kept it virtually the same as the day i left for college .
my family had known her family for years , and she ran one of the most influential charities for autistic children in the country .
` ` thomas hunt morgan gave us the chromosome , and now labs across the country give other labs tiny , escapee fruit flies all over the building . ''
they had flown in from all over the country : michigan , florida , new jersey , and washington , even some from canada .
with so much money paid up front , i could fob patrick off with an imaginary business trip that 's keeping mr ward out of the country and the project on hold .
' i will die before i let you leave the country with that womanising prick . '
his mum and dad moved to a different country , he refused to go because he wanted to stay with his uncle , who was more like a brother - i will disregard the fucking about part - and then three years later , he lost carmichael in a tragic accident that caused major injuries to him too .
everywhere else in the country , people were swimming and barbecuing and organizing poolside picnics .
` ` claire flew all around the country seeing the best doctors .
` ` one of the best in the country .
probably one of the best in the country .
i might even ask you about the road you ' ve been on , the journey that led one of the country 's best radiologists to this place .
i , on the other hand , am happy to be in a different country each month .
luckily you ' ve been out of the country long enough only my foreman knows who you are and i already filled him in on what 's going on , so he wo n't say a word .
his father may be getting him to move across the country but he was n't going to get the happy family reunion he was hoping for .
she was going to get to explore the amazing country .
she 'd never been out of the country before and she could n't wait to explore the beautiful country of austria .
` ` i ca n't imagine having to marry someone to better my country , or because my parents told me i had too , '' she said .
if he was speaking the truth , he 'd have half the country ready to rip out his throat .
he 'd tried to leave the country and could n't force himself on the jet .
chad had been out of the country more than in it over the last twenty years .
myanmar was a country where human rights - especially women 's rights - were basically nonexistent , and this was starting to stink like a government cover - up .
wishing she did n't know that this country formerly known as burma was the largest country in mainland southeast asia-260,000 square miles , much of it the dense , mountainous rain forest surrounding these mines .
wishing she did n't know that this country formerly known as burma was the largest country in mainland southeast asia-260,000 square miles , much of it the dense , mountainous rain forest surrounding these mines .
though yangon was the country 's capital , mandalay , a city of more than a million people , was the last royal capital of burma , the capital of the mandalay division , and upper myanmar 's main commercial city .
he was proceeding on blind faith now , counting on wyatt to put everything into play from georgia to ensure that cav could get carrie out of the country once he rescued her from her abductors .
it was a measure of the oppression the people of burma felt , ruled by a brutal military regime that had even taken away their country 's name , renaming it myanmar .
` ` how are we going to get out of the country ? ''
` ` service to country is n't all i inherited from the old man , '' he finally admitted .
compared to an entire country 's hardships , this was a small problem .
` ` this is like a foreign country . ''
a large number of american flags flapped in the wind across the cemetery , reminding us of the men and women who sacrificed their lives for our country .
the mayor had asked tammie lee her opinion of the country club .
i had the biopsy sent to the top brain cancer specialist in the country . ''
maverick had faithfully paid his child support each month , and when the spirit moved him , he 'd phoned aurora from wherever he was currently living , which seemed to be in a different part of the country each time .
while the kids she 'd grown up with all her life graduated together , she 'd be stuck halfway across the country .
over the years he 'd flitted about the country and , in her view , wasted his life .
the retired telephone lineman who lived in texas simply told her that the country was filled with presleys .
` ` could he have gone out of the country ? ''
` ` eventually i came back to the states and worked at different places around the country .
during her years as his assistant , she 'd booked any number of flights for him and knew he frequently traveled to asian countries , particularly china .
surely there were ways of locating someone inside a foreign country .
china was a huge country and no one seemed to have any idea where christian might be .
as it happened , they were attending colleges on the opposite side of the country .
it was a free country and she could sit anywhere she darn well pleased .
it is n't like he could just pack up and follow me to another country .
her marriage to robert had disintegrated when pamela accepted a position that often took her out of the country .
` ` what about adopting from outside the country ? ''
the pharmaceutical company , which specialized in medication for children , gave a major award once a year in four regions of the country .
as we sat through the movie , which took place in india , my mind drifted frequently as i contemplated giving up my medical practice and volunteering to serve in a third world country .
a day earlier , the country had celebrated the fourth of july and the fireworks display had lit up the evening sky .
her mother - in - law wanted to drive across the entire country ?
your grandmother 's wanted to make a road trip across the country nearly her entire adult life , and for one reason or another it 's always been put off .
the commercial real estate market was still depressed across the country , but it had recently started to pick up in the seattle area .
the thought of her mother and grandmother traveling unescorted across the entire country , from washington to florida , sent chills down her spine .
we plan on staying in hostels and traveling from country to country by train .
we plan on staying in hostels and traveling from country to country by train .
this would be a fascinating trip across the country now that both her ex - mother - in - law and her daughter were coming ... . well , interesting at any rate .
` ` tell me when you 'd be free for two entire weeks to drive me all the way across the country . ''
he rode from one end of the country to the other with no destination , stopping here or there on a whim .
` ` max rides his motorcycle from one end of the country to the other , and along the way he helps people in need , '' al explained .
in annie 's opinion , if vance was visiting a foreign country , he should make the effort to learn at least basic phrases in that language .
very young and very blond - the fairy princess type - she was too petite to be driving a vehicle of this size , but - i gave a mental shrug - it was a free country .
if my army spreads , bit by bit , country by country , soon everyone is a werewolf . ''
if my army spreads , bit by bit , country by country , soon everyone is a werewolf . ''
` ` yeah , '' jenner said , ` ` like the ship wo n't be filled with people we already know , and this set is lousy with young , handsome , straight , available men who do n't care one way or another that between us we could fund our own small country . ''
one day she wanted to go to australia , maybe , and there were a couple of other countries she 'd like to see , but so far she simply had n't traveled all that much .
she started to add that she meant what area of the country he was from but at the last second some little frisson of instinct had her saying , ` ` what country ? ''
she started to add that she meant what area of the country he was from but at the last second some little frisson of instinct had her saying , ` ` what country ? ''
the money he would get from this haul would set him up in a south american country for life .
i ' m not in the market for a small country . ''
i knew for a fact she had enough clothes to clothe a small country .
refusing to heed her mother 's warnings , she 'd packed up her entire life and moved across the country , from new hampshire to this small waterfront community in washington .
` ` i ' ve taken several vacations in the past few years , '' olivia told him , ` ` and traveled in a number of different countries , but i ' ve never found any place more beautiful than seattle when the sun is shining . ''
do you think dan 's traveling around the country ? ''
he lived on the other side of the country , so his name did n't often enter the conversation .
after that , she 'd serve as jon 's agent , marketing his pictures and negotiating with galleries around the country .
` ` i got the impression that she 's going to travel aimlessly around the country until she finds a place that .. .feels comfortable .
olivia briefly recalled ben talking about children in other parts of the country , but nowhere in washingtonstate .
i could n't bring those villagers back from the dead , but i could dedicate my life to my country .
he talked about the marines and afghanistan with a sense of pride at the positive differences he 'd seen in the country .
she could n't comprehend that the woman she 'd always known as a warm and loving grandmother , who baked cookies and knit socks for christmas , had been a freedom fighter in a foreign country .
my parents were frantic for me to book my passage home , but like so many others in france , i did n't believe the country would fall .
others believed the cost to our country and our soldiers was necessary to help maintain peace around the world . ''
the country they love has been attacked .
` ` i ' m doing this for my country , '' she announced with melodramatic flair .
she 's got her heart set on buying one of those rvs and driving across the country .
in this part of the country , trucks and four - wheel - drive vehicles were a must and not a luxury .
` ` unfortunately ben and charlotte are out of the country , '' the sheriff said .
` ` as you know , larry has a ... certain amount of influence with art schools around the country . ''
` ` like i was saying , larry has a lot of sway with art schools around the country . ''
if someone is buying up all the yin fen in the country , then it is someone who has a reason .
suffice it to say , the money outlaid upon hats rivals the annual income of a large estate or a small country .
what sort of country had a purple sky ?
she could hear bridget , still singing : ` ` it was dark , dark night , there was no starlight , and they waded through red blood to the knee ; for all the blood that 's shed on earth runs through the springs of that country . ''
tessa stood at the edge of a precipice in a country she did not know .
` ` all the bloody way across the country to get to you , and i ca n't even do this right .
perhaps he could return there , with cecily , if the institute was lost , make some kind of life for themselves in their home country .
' the undiscover 'd country from whose bourne no travel er returns . ' ''
making the trek across the country was a hard enough adjustment by itself , and she did n't want to add more pressure to her situation .
we 'll see you tomorrow , country . ''
` ` country , do you know that guy ? ''
` ` country , you have a phone call . ''
` ` country , '' antonio said .
` ` believe me , i just might book a trip out of the country at this point . ''
` ` country , '' fallon breathed out heavily , wiping the back of her neck , ` ` take a walk with me to the restroom .
` ` i know i do n't know dillon that well , country , but i ' m assuming he forced you to come out tonight . ''
` ` i ' m not trying to start anything with you , country .
` ` country , '' antonio said , approaching the table where emily and fallon were sitting .
` ` i think the question is pretty straightforward , country . ''
if she stayed busy , she did n't think up acceptable reasons why max dumped her cold in a foreign country .
i 'll take apart any son of a bitch i ever find in your bed and then i 'll kick your pretty ass all over the country . ''
yes , his motivation had changed when he 'd come face to face with the woman he 'd tracked across three countries .
she does n't need to be flying all over the damn country .
the most beautiful country she 'd ever seen .
i make a decision to leave my own country in less time than it usually takes me to decide between packages of meat at my local von 's .
my mom took my sister and me across the country for a new start .
` ` if i was dumb enough to try blackmailing bandini , i 'd at least leave the country .
on the other hand , if you 're dumb enough to screw bandini , you 're too fucking dumb to leave the country , right ? ''
he put his own identification on the body , dumped it in a neighborhood where the corpse was n't likely to be robbed , and took off for another part of the country .
` ` wrong section of the country , '' toxtel said blithely , not at all perturbed by the wildness around them .
` ` second most visited grave site in the country . ''
voodoo came to this country with those brought here in chains .
up until about eighty years ago , this part of new orleans had been known as storyville and was the only legal red - light district in the country .
now people all over the country buy her quilts . ''
but kevin 's talent meant that he would one day be named among the country 's major artists .
when that happened , the fleet of furys had been sold at auctions across the country .
there are werewolves busting out all over the country . ''
i think i ' m better off with mandenauer and enough guns and ammo to outfit a small country than i am at the cabin alone or on my way to the airport in a flimsy steel car . ''
the cops did n't really care about the former , the second category tended to be hushed up , and he never took a political job in this country .
it would be nice if he had to fly across country , but she 'd have known if he had a trip scheduled .
only extensive analysis would , with a lot of luck , pick him up again , and he went to great pains , in this country , to ensure he was n't worth taking that much trouble .
not if the bank was n't in this country , drea thought grimly .
not only that , the farther west she went , the emptier the country was , at least until she hit the west coast .
killings could and did go unsolved all the time , but he never lost sight of the fact that things were different here than they were in an underdeveloped country .
he would keep the assassin hunting her , and in the meantime he himself would keep on bringing drugs into the country , ruining lives , killing people , while he raked in the dough .
` ` for going out of the country . ''
she felt like an idiot , because of course she knew that he did a lot of his ` ` work '' outside the country , and smart people going into third - world countries made certain they had all the appropriate vaccinations .
she felt like an idiot , because of course she knew that he did a lot of his ` ` work '' outside the country , and smart people going into third - world countries made certain they had all the appropriate vaccinations .
then she realized that , not only did she not know any of the specifics and therefore could n't tell the cops anything that would be of use , what little she did know had taken place outside the country .
she did n't even know what country or countries he 'd been in , though she supposed the authorities could find out just by looking at his passport , assuming he did n't have more than one passport , which she was fairly certain he did .
he 'd bulletproofed himself , she realized , at least as far as law enforcement in this country went .
even if she could provide specifics , the cops would likely find no evidence that he 'd been out of the country at that particular time .
she did n't have to stretch her imagination at all to see him holding her captive somewhere , or whisking her out of the country so she could n't get to rafael .
` ` because if i know anything about him that would help you build a case against him , help put him in prison , then it would be wrong for me to play it safe while he goes on bringing drugs into the country every week .
this had to be done fast , then he would grab andie and get out of the country while he could .
he did n't like being forced to leave his country , and he knew going into this that he might never be able to return .
i want to feel alone in a foreign country .
i ' ve never been out of the country .
he worked for a vineyard , selling cases of wine to restaurants and bars throughout italy and some of the surrounding countries .
a random man , someone from a different country , a different city ?
it was a lovely day , as every day seems to be in this country .
` ` i ' m sure they 'll write that on my gravestone , right next to the part about how i helped kill thousands of innocent civilians in some country where the children do n't even know what math is . ''
he 'd leave the country , crawl into some jungle so thick it would swallow him whole .
` ` cover girl country is dangerous territory , '' she agreed .
he 'd get his son and get out of the country without the police being the wiser .
i stop ogling a couple seconds after he regains his composure , granting me that smile that 's likely dropped panties across the country .
he wanted to take her with him and go home to her every night , but he could n't turn his back on his job and his country .
i agree to visit a country that 's famous for snakes and spiders . ''
all across the country , people sat in bars , arguing over the case .
` ` you have accepted a job without consulting me , accepted use of a corporate apartment i ' ve never seen , arranged for us to move across the country , and , as the cherry on top of this sundae , i get to close up the house by myself . ''
land in a strange country and be someone else .
all across this country women who were good wives and good mothers remembered to become their best selves as well .
he 'd distilled it down to a script , which he 'd practiced on the flight across the country .
a woman alone , one who 'd blundered daringly into some unfamiliar country without a map or compass .
i knit enough afghans to cover a small country .
on the flight across the country , jamie had hardly spoken to him .
he 'd practiced the words all the way across the country , but how much would she want to hear ?
the prentice group , one of the largest clothing manufacturers in the country , were constantly dealing with attorney - led problems .
i was out of the country , and jarrod saw she was vulnerable , sad .
pulling up stakes and moving halfway across the country to live with people she did n't know and help run a resort she 'd never seen .
` ` i 'd add some of the newer wines that are taking the country by storm . ''
a month ago i was in namibia designing a wall for the biggest dam in that desert country .
she and russell had intended to work their way around the country when he 'd gotten out of the service , but his death on his last mission had derailed their plans .
` ` if word were to get out about why you 're here , even before we hear back from the doctor , headlines will be splashed across every gossip rag in the country labeling me a deadbeat dad and your sister a gold digger who intentionally got pregnant with a jarrod heir . ''
she had no recourse in a foreign country .
in order to serve my country , i had to die .
i have n't completely lost all my belief in my country or the principles that made it great .
men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice for their country .
i imagined a future in which my mom was n't a stalker , my dad was back on solid footing , cary was happy , corinne was in another country far away , and gideon and i were n't ruled by our pasts .
` ` i thought we were leaving the country . ''
` ` what country am i from ? ''
and he 'd make up some lame excuse to the waiter about how in our country we eat our food all at once .
oh , and i ' m sure the flight attendant , whatever country she 's from , would walk up to me and be like , ` ` why you cry ? ''
and somehow i feel we would , yet again , find ourselves in a prison , or getting kicked off a plane , or out of the country , '' he says , looking up as if that was inevitable if he chooses a life with me .
sure , she 'd started branching out before she went to france , but i figured it was all a part of leaving the country .
we were both kind of on our own - her dad out of the country , and my mom leaving me by myself most of the time - and my damn dirty mind always entertained ideas of shit i could n't have with tate .
i spent three years on a full academic scholarship at the best college - prep school in the country .
there was one last job i 'd circled and i had put it off because i figured it would be a harder job to snag ; a serving position at the local country club .
by tomorrow i want people at the gates of plants all over the country .
we have to have a formal engagement , hundreds of showers and a huge wedding with a reception at the country club .
` ` god 's country , '' levi called it .
levi in gods ' country .
oh , hey , i just remembered the 4 - h pledge-'i pledge my head to clearer thinking , my heart to greater loyalty , my hands to larger service , and my health to better living , for my club , my community , my country and my world . ' ''
` ` the country 's at war , the economy 's in shambles and all they want to talk about is my love life . ''
his mouth took hers in a kiss so hot and carnal that she was sure it must be illegal in at least half of the country .
chapter two for most of the country , 1970 was a year of upheaval and change , but in the house on magnolia drive , everything was orderly and quiet .
there was a war going on on - set and the whole country knew about it .
that was one of the many lessons this country had learned this year , and even though some things had changed for them all , some things had stayed the same .
it is a gorgeous fall day in seattle , one of those sunshine masterpieces that turn this city into one of the prettiest in the country .
lisa princeton had escaped , filing for divorce and moved across the country .
she wanted to ask him who the hell was coming for her , and if he trusted them to get her out of the country or where they were taking her for that matter , but he 'd been very exacting in his requirements of her , and as he 'd mentioned , she was n't going to look a gift horse in the mouth .
or better yet , she would have been with him here , in his house , not in an isolated part of another country .
money talked in louisiana , more than almost any other place in the country , and damien 's family had a lot of money .
thank you for our country , our home , our food .
still , it did n't seem right to take maria from the only country she 'd ever known and place her in a house with strangers .
` ` you ' ve never flown across country to talk to me . ''
` ` i had left the country by then . ''
elizabeth had yet to discern why he chose to isolate himself in the country , but it was a mystery she intended to unravel at some point .
when marcus left the country i was devastated . ''
he could send her to the country with his family .
she had tried to suggest they use one of the many homes christopher owned across the entire length and breadth of the country .
` ` leaving your country and your family , traversing the continent risking your life to gather information for the crown ... that is what you call happiness ?
` ` if my aspirations are achieved by assisting my country , what harm is there in that ? ''
` ` you would be better served by forgetting whatever it is you believe you know and leaving the country .
both live in other parts of the country .
` ` seattle has been rated one of the top cities in the country for several years running .
you decided to work on the other side of the country .
` ` your father and i have spent a long sleepless night flying across the country .
` ` okay , michelle says the guy calling her is her ex - husband , but his housekeeper says he 's out of the country , right ? ''
'' can you find out if he 's really out of the country ?
she 'd tried to get aidan to name an actual branch of the military and country affiliation , but he was tight - lipped .
he did n't want to let her go even for a minute , but he wanted her in the truck , under guard while he got the report from his men and they got the hell out of this damn country .
get the f**k out of the country .
roms have taken for their own many of the traditions of the countries they wandered through .
if you do n't nip this in the bud , the entire town , the entire state , perhaps the country , will be overrun . ''
this new place is completely foreign , and it feels like i ' m in a different country instead of just a different city and state .
but for one weekend a month and two weeks a summer , they were soldiers , training side by side , serving their country with pride .
they were like her ; they 'd joined the military because they believed in serving their country , in being patriots , in keeping america safe .
it was jolene 's time to give back to the army , her time to serve her country .
we can all be proud of their willingness to serve this great country of ours and take comfort from the certainty that each soldier is ready , is trained , is prepared to succeed in this endeavor .
he 'd argued with colleagues about it - while he sat safe and warm and protected in his country .
i ' ve always loved it , and i ' m proud to be here , doing my job , helping my country .
too young to have a beer but old enough to keep his head calm in battle and die for his country .
she stared up at the swollen gray sky , and then she was in an ambulance , lying next to an earnest young paramedic , who thanked her for her service to the country .
she 'd read about the various places dedicated to the country 's history , but until she stepped out onto the busy streets , she did n't quite understand how they all joined one to the other and told a story .
of yellow ribbons on trees all across the country .
better the infant girl remain in the country .
she is the most sought after modiste in the country , miss . ''
when he is - how would you put it - hinged , he is one of the most persuasive men in the country .
that would mean he would need to court in secret , but affairs of the country were never discussed during the season .
noticing a mirror in the far corner of the salon , she stared at the unrecognizable girl gazing back at her - she was not the same girl who left the country just a few weeks earlier .
she gave birth in the country and was to raise the boy there .
he was right about her all along , yet one part of him could n't help but feel guilty over the fact that the first hill in their relationship sent him running to a foreign country .
it still pained sebastian that he had n't been in the country when nicholas had been going through such a rough time in his life .
` ` miss emma gates , the prettiest girl in the country , '' rawlings continued .
she had n't a clue as to the identity of the other men , mainly because she had been in the country for so long .
chapter eight try again katherine pleaded with her parents to allow her to return to the country .
then she could go back to the country and die alone .
` ` i admire those who serve their queen and country in such a manner , '' she said .
` ` in my country , i breed horses for russian cavalry , and it pleases me , collecting of horse sculptures .
all the time your father was in my country , he worked like a pukka devil , never stopping to enjoy the bounty of his labor .
` ` if he knew he had the key , he 'd be on his way out of the country with it by now .
` ` so you did much more for my father when we lived in your country than starch his shirts and brew his tea , '' artemisia said as she stood .
if push came to shove , he had no doubt queen and country would fall a distant second to the duchess of southwycke .
and the whole weendigo thing points in that direction , as does their location - here , in the heart of ojibwe country . ''
he 'd been in this country for longer than i 'd been alive .
i 'd traced the calls after i got out - by then , i had the technology - but they 'd been placed from pay phones in different parts of the country .
but in america , a country that 's only a few hundred years old , the citizens are modern .
with all the drifting around the country , folks disappeared without a trace . ''
how was i going to check out his story without tipping off every jager - sucher in the country that i was investigating someone who was already dead ?
` ` ms . wainright , as i ' m sure you know , i ' ve been living and working in this country for a long time .
we ' ve got some of the best restaurants in the country within a twenty - mile radius . ''
` ` would i use my own passport if i were trying to flee the country ? ''
i understand the flight risk concern , but my client not only has no intention of leaving the country , i highly doubt he would be able to without being recognized .
they agreed that she 'd mostly likely made good on her declaration to flee the country .
he 'd been drifting across this country for too long to be fooled by mother nature .
the country is falling apart , one homeless , wandering person at a time .
together , they dreamed , and the country , it seemed , dreamed right along with them .
never has the chasm between progress and poverty been so hauntingly large in this country as it is today .
she 'd known , of course , of the depression that gripped the country , but she never dreamed it was so urgent , so bleak .
he had a little kid to raise and not only did he pretty much neglect me and spend every waking hour at work , but he uprooted me and moved me across the country to live in a place where i did n't know anyone .
and when that did n't stop the pain , i packed us up and moved us across the country . ''
her home was in the highlands , but she had n't seen god 's country in ten long years .
it 's all terrifying - moving across the country , getting married , having a baby - but i choose to focus on the positives , and i refuse to live in fear of what might go wrong .
i wouldremove myselfto the country duringthe remainder of my pregnancy , have thechild there , and notreturn for ninemonthsatleast so thatno one shouldsuspect thatwe had married dueto my pregnancy .
but , really , while having saggy boobs was horrifying , it was n't nearly as devastating as discovering that your husband of fifteen years had not only left you for a girl of eighteen , but he 'd taken all his assets with him - right out of the country .
apparently , jones faked the robbery and then passed a forgery to freddie the fence , who runs one of the largest high - end stolen property rings in the country .
this was also a symptom of something seriously wrong with his sport and his country .
` ` and black is a poor choice for this part of the country .
these men inspected sarah like she had just come to visit from a foreign country .
a second later , he turned left onto a dark , unpaved road that rolled past a couple of brick gates bearing a sign that read edisto country club .
the fact that it was happening on the second pier at the country club in last chance , south carolina , did n't diminish it in any way .
andrea wants to be on a plane to big sky country in two weeks . ''
` ` and there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field , keeping watch over their flock by night , '' he read .
the motel 's desk clerk had had a thick southern accent , exactly like you 'd expect in this part of the country .
it was nothing like the sprawling mansions he now owned in various countries around the world .
` ` i do n't joke about things that could have me hiding in a third world country to escape extradition . ''
` ` i was out of the country , '' dominic answered , but looked distinctly less comfortable .
only lil knew and she 'd screamed with excitement at the news that abby was leaving the country with dominic .
sure she wanted to step outside of her predictable , staid life for a day ; but she was being swept into a world where she had little to no control and that was more terrifying than leaving the country for the first time .
did she really want to find out while she was in a foreign country with no money , no passport , and no friends to help her get away if the situation turned ugly ?
sure , she was in a foreign country being driven off to who knew where with a woman she was n't sure she could trust , but her life had been just as much at risk the last time she 'd broken up a fight between two angry teenagers only to discover that one of them had been carrying a knife .
she 'd accepted being deposited at a hotel in a foreign country with body guards who were little more than strangers to her .
` ` i returned to my home country , dominic .
that gained an appreciative grunt from dominic and then a sarcastic question , ` ` i thought you did n't do things that could have you hiding in a third world country to escape extradition ? ''
i ' ve spent the last week flying all over the country trying to save your ass .
no , not only were lil and abby likely the most thoroughly background checked women in the country , but he pictured lil putting him in his place the very first night he 'd met her and smiled .
she had n't cried too long at the caskets , had n't refused to meet relatives who had flown in from around the country and definitely had n't thrown a bowl of candies at someone who had dared to try to console her .
so , that explained why he was flying all over the country and paying hush money .
` ` i knew you were paying off programmers around the country .
some border dispute that his country is having with one of their neighbors .
` ` you 'll have to call me and tell me what she says when she hears that instead of staying in a castle on her honeymoon , she 's going to spend a week in a variety of south american countries buying land for the schools you 're going to build there . ''
which normally would n't have been a problem , but najriad , his home country , was verging on serious political upheaval , and his participation could easily be spun against him - presented as another example of how he did n't care about his people .
unlike many he 'd encountered , they had n't cared about his royal title or his country of origin .
in his country , he was an outsider - someone who spoke english better than he spoke arabic , appearing socially inept simply because he had grown up outside of his own culture .
his country just might need him .
what had stemmed from mere curiosity had become more intense as she 'd learned more about his country .
he would never relocate , and she could n't imagine herself in his country any more than she could imagine herself moving back to her old village .
perhaps because of my title or the state of the world , i do n't know the precise reason , but i am always a stranger even within countries where i have lived for a decade . ''
how can i love my country so deeply and still feel that i do n't belong there ?
the faster he got her out of the country , the safer it would be for her .
he dropped his hand and said , ` ` get this woman out of the country immediately and speak to no one of this . ''
it was n't something he 'd considered himself ready for , but he would do it for family , for country , for zhang .
` ` there is nothing rational about war , zhang , and that is what our country is on the verge of . ''
he has remained loyal to family and country .
you hooked up with dominic , flew to another country with him , the world thought he 'd kidnapped you , but you were really in love with him and ready to marry him .
show me a country that does n't have something it 's ashamed of and i 'll show you a people who are living a lie .
she gathered the lead team of eight lions development , her real estate company , and informed them that she would be temporarily working from out of the country ... very far out .
she was moved by your commitment to help the women in your country .
` ` you have done so much for your own country , zhang .
how can i run a financial empire outside najriad - one where my orders are followed without question - but here in my own country i must repeat myself and add a threat for anything to happen ? ''
just exotic enough to feel like you 're in another country without having to wonder how to use the toilets . ''
king amir had poured a heavy amount of the country 's oil fortune into improving the living conditions of his people , but the same hand that reached out with kindness could just as quickly strike a deadly blow when opposed .
` ` no , he 's a man who took a bullet for you and is just as willing to give his life for his family and country as you are .
najriad is my country , but zhang is my home . ''
jeremy said , ` ` i am juggling a few projects right now so if there 's nothing crucial you need me for , i 'll be in and out of the country for the next couple weeks . ''
marie addressed jeremy , ` ` jeisa told me that you would be in and out of the country in november . ''
on paper , it was a parliamentary democratic country , but in practice it was essentially a dictatorship .
he saw it as a way to bring safe water , possibly even an energy source , to isolated areas in third world countries .
not only was it one of the country 's most prestigious schools , but it was also the home of the global water project - the same grant - funded initiative she 'd told marie it was her dream to work for .
jeisa had always known that jeremy was intelligent , but here he was , surrounded by some of the greatest minds in the country , and they were in awe of him .
a young woman , alone in a foreign country .
` ` what would he be doing in that country ? ''
abby is at the best hospital in the country and she 's got the best care possible .
there was n't a country he would n't deal with .
anthony had a full strategy to extend his control in cary town to the whole country and beyond .
when the visitors shoot a free throw on most every court in the country , the fans make a lot of noise , screaming and stomping their feet .
and so my first choice was chad , like the country in africa .
my head still hurt , and the sizable knot above my left temple looked , the colonel thought , like a miniaturized topographical map of macedonia , which i had not previously known was a place , let alone a country .
of the countries .
the 46th was fortunately provided for with regards to gunpowder ; his half brother edgar owned one of the largest powder mills in the country .
within two or three years of the duke 's death , charles edward stuart had begun to make a nuisance of himself , and jacobite hysteria had once more swept the country , rising to a peak upon the bonnie prince 's arrival in the highlands .
` ` you would n't , in london , but this is the country .
as hal had predicted , the printers had got hold of ffoulkes 's french family connexions and unearthed the hints of unsavory conspiracy ; ffoulkes 's wife had fled the country and was presumably in france ; another conspirator , a lawyer named jeffords , had been arrested and was to be tried along with captain bates and harrison otway on a variety of charges ranging from lewd conduct to sodomy , conspiracy to commit unnatural acts , and , as a definite afterthought , conspiracy to assassinate various justices and ministers - presumably those who had been most outspoken about the need to crush this abominable vice .
the feast , held in the ancient guildhall , was exactly as grey had predicted : long , eye - glazingly boring , and featuring course after course of roast pork , boiled beef , gravied mutton , roasted pheasants , sliced ham , braised quail , grilled fish , eggs in aspic and in pies , shellfish in soup , in pastry , and on the half shell , plus sundry savories , syllabubs , and sweets , all served on a weight of silver plate sufficient to purchase a small country and washed down with gallons of wine , drunk in a succession of endless toasts in honor of everyone from frederick , king of prussia , king george of england , and duke ferdinand down to - grey was sure - the kitchen cat , though by the time this point in the proceedings was reached , no one was paying sufficient attention as to be sure .
but he formed a deep attachment to another young soldier , and the two decided to flee the country together . ''
` ` a page about some foreign country .
and so she had taken what precautions she could : disguising his father 's murder as suicide , sending her younger son to safety in aberdeen , and leaving the country herself .
he could leave the country if he liked ; he would be exposed , he would lose everything that mattered to him - and i could give gerry back his honor . ''
` ` he has n't left the country yet , '' grey said , trying to sound encouraging .
the folk of the country thought he might be everything from the high king of the druids - assuming there ever to have been such a creature - to fionn maccumhaill , though why he should be lying in a bog and not having it away with the female denizens of tir na nog , i do n't know - to st .
they 'd have to get siverly across half of ireland and onto a ship without attracting undue attention - in a country where he spoke the local language and they did n't .
hal had certainly mentioned it as a possibility , but if there proved to be a fresh jacobite plot , the country would be swept up once more in fear and hysteria ; it would be nearly impossible to have fraser pardoned in such circumstances .
and while your brother 's worthy attempt to arrest the conspirators succeeded in bagging some of the prey , it alarmed others , who have either fled the country to cause trouble elsewhere or who have merely sunk into hiding . ''
when he named that country 's most exclusive resort , taryn nodded with a grin in her eyes .
you could take the girl out of the country but you 'd never take the country out of the girl .
he had nothing but contempt for someone who would sell out his own country merely for the money involved , and he would stop at nothing to halt the theft and put the perpetrator behind bars .
she looked more like a female mud wrestler , a coarse hick who was selling out her country for greed .
he had often thought that those who dealt in espionage , in the betrayal of their own country , were some of the coldest people ever born .
was evie the type of person who could betray her country ?
` ` the recession did n't hit down here the way it did in other parts of the country .
if every cop in the country is n't already after us , they will be in a matter of hours . ''
their situation was highly precarious , because unless she could prove the charge she 'd made , they would be arrested for stealing sole pleasure , the most valuable horse in the country .
and he would know how to get in touch with chance , though the odds of chance even being in the country were n't good .
mac would be crazy to leave you and go running around half - civilized countries where there 's no sanitation and no shopping . ''
` ` i do n't want you to spend months out of the country .
boling - wahl considers you one of the most brilliant physicists in the country , if not the world . ''
but between caroline and his country ...
` ` i say we forget about it and get out of the country , '' cal was saying feverishly .
i knew you were n't madly in love with me or anything , but you really ca n't have much of an opinion of someone at all if you think they 're capable of betraying their country .
we left hand in hand , looking like every other normal couple in the country .
he did n't remember his country , i never went there , and now it does n't exist .
some are still lingering here at the airport , or in other cities , countries , continents , wandering and waiting .
the venetian was his current toy he took quite seriously , but the rumor mill hinted he planned to unveil a chain of luxury hotels throughout the country .
` ` thanks for traveling across the country during the holidays to be in my wedding , '' nick said .
he never missed sending a birthday or christmas gift , called weekly , and traveled across the country a few times a year just to spend weekends with his son .
she discovered that almost every sunday edition across the country had run the column , and the letters came from as far away as los angeles .
i mean , you 're not leaving your husband and family to go find this person , you 're not giving up your job and moving across the country .
` ` there are n't many hills in this part of the country , you know .
and besides , i think it 's about time you got out of north carolina , just so you can see what the rest of the country has to offer . ''
like a man who gazes only backward on a trip across the country , i ignored what lay ahead .
the valley looked neat and prosperous , reminding her that costa rica was the most highly developed country in central america , despite the thick tangle of virgin ram forest at her back .
her safety hinged on how swiftly he could get her out of the country , for he sensed turego closing in on them .
the best scenario would be that grant would be able to smuggle her out of the country .
they would be out of the country before he could mobilize his own helicopters to search for them , and he would n't dare pursue them across the border .
but they did n't call it lunch in this part of the country ; the noon meal was dinner , and the evening meal was supper .
he was such a funny little guy ; she really liked him , despite the fact that he was a counterfeiter and was planning to do something that could really damage her country .
she 'd been warned during the hours - long etiquette session delivered by candace 's soon - to - be sister - in - law that the inhabitants of this tiny country were quite formal and polite .
in a country covering less than one square mile how likely was she to be able to avoid him until the wedding once this obligatory date ended ?
one thing about having a country clinging to the side of the mountain was that no matter where you looked you had a postcard - worthy view .
stacy came with the added benefit of leaving the country after the month was up .
dominic , as next in line to the throne of montagnarde , a small three - island country four hundred miles east of new zealand , was n't accustomed to having his integrity questioned .
however the lie , combined with his duty to his country meant he had nothing to offer this beautiful woman except his services as a guide .
he wanted to model montagnarde 's travel industry after monaco 's , but the older members of the board refused to accept that the country had to grow its economic base or continue to lose its youth to jobs overseas .
thanks to the grimaldi family , the country is almost pollution free .
she did n't know from which city or even which country .
` ` my country is raw and largely untamed due to the royal advisory council 's fear of change . ''
i intend to implement change and put my country on the map . ''
` ` so you admit ' your country ' is n't on the map . ''
the urgency to share the beauty of his country with her was unexpected and unwelcome , not to mention impossible .
` ` my country was discovered in the 1700s by the comte de rossi , a frenchman searching for a shorter route to the spices of india , '' he continued .
she knew nothing about monaco law except the country had an extremely low tolerance for crime .
he would tell her goodbye and immediately fly off to fulfill his duty to his country and his promise to his father to continue the tradition and the monarchy of montagnarde .
it 's a country somewhere between hawaii and new zealand . ''
but that man was n't him , for no matter how empty his marriage might be he would abide by his vows and his duty to his country .
it made no sense for her to be proud of him and his forward - thinking agenda to bring tourists and jobs to his country .
apparently , there was something pending in his country which required a nightly call from home - a call that left him increasingly tight - lipped and broodingly silent .
` ` monaco is the safest country in the world .
i do n't know the language and i do n't know the country . ''
` ` you would leave your family and your country for this woman you ' ve been consorting with during your stay in monaco ? ''
candace had enough stress dealing with planning a wedding in a foreign country .
` ` we ca n't just take a six - hundred - thousand - dollar vehicle and leave the country . ''
that did n't sound like an adrenaline junkie who never considered the costs of his actions or like a man who 'd had to be forced out of the country to keep him off the racetrack .
he 'd surprised them all with a proposal during the wedding reception yesterday and then he 'd whisked madeline off in the royal jet to his country in the south pacific to meet his family .
` ` it is the most romantic country in the world , '' she dodged .
father was n't back from the country ?
i posed as a starving artist in your country so i could find a woman who would love me for myself , not my station . ''
` ` what is wrong with this cursed country ? '' '
steve was an officer aboard the submarine atlantis , somewhere in the pacific upholding god , country and the american flag .
if ever there was a man who was meant to lead others , meant to serve his country , it 's rush . ''
as he sat at his station , prepared to serve his country for another tour , two key facts were prominent in his mind .
seattle has one of the country 's best . ''
to her way of thinking , royce would either ignore her outburst or see to it that she was transferred to a third world country .
` ` sweetheart , '' royce said , looking more than a little surprised by his daughter 's reaction to the possibility of moving across the country .
she was going to be stationed in bangor while royce and kelly were on the other side of the country .
the flight across the country had exhausted her .
they were close , as close as any two married people could be that were separated by the width of an entire country .
he had the feeling he was going to end up following this woman halfway across the country before this was over .
in her nine years jazmine had been moved from country to country , lost her father , and now her mother was shipping out for six long months .
in her nine years jazmine had been moved from country to country , lost her father , and now her mother was shipping out for six long months .
he prayed it was lainie , telling him she 'd changed her mind , and if he was willing , they 'd run away to some remote country and ... do what ?
chapter twenty - seven driving a van full of tits to the airport reminded harry of taking a bus in a third - world country .
bulking up was important in this country .
a snowmobile was the equalizer in this country .
i 'll be on a plane out of the country before we 're reported missing . ''
` ` so vera has to leave the country and take on a different identity , which tony helped her with .
at the time he 'd seemed like a safe person to confide in , someone who lived on the other side of the country , someone who did n't know she 'd flunked out of high school and was n't considered particularly bright by her family .
` ` i thought the mood of the country was more conservative than this , '' denise said .
` ` the cruise is a vehicle to get you out of the country , '' cora said .
gillian probably had n't thought of the monetary ramifications of this flight out of the country , but cora had .
she 'd dip into her retirement savings to hire the two - man pi team and pull out another chunk for gillian to survive on until she 'd established herself in a foreign country .
i ' m ordering you to leave the country .
so i ' m telling you , and i ' m not going to tell you again , leave the country .
i want you out of the country , neil . ''
no way was he staying out of the country for an entire year .
she did n't know the first thing about running off to a foreign country and creating a whole new identity .
maybe she had some melodramatic idea that he 'd think of her with longing after she 'd left the country .
` ` look , once you 're safely out of the country , then you can- '' ` ` what if that 's too late ?
i do n't know the first thing about disappearing into a foreign country and living off the land .
lex could very well end up leaving the country at the end of this cruise , which would make bj 's presence in dante 's life vital .
you ' ve met the woman of your dreams , and she has to leave the country .
` ` it 's a glorious country , chester , where people are allowed to celebrate all these wonderful holidays !
ewan mccabe clearly adored his wife , mairin , and alaric had just defied king and country to be with the woman he loved - effectively casting rionna aside in the process .
their parents flew them all over the country .
while most of the island kids - like her own - were looking all over the country for the perfect college , lexi was planning on going to the local junior college after graduation .
lately , when she was at the farradays ' or out with zach and mia and tyler , she felt like some visitor from another country , unable to really comprehend their conversations .
` ` teen drinking and driving is an epidemic in this country .
instead of becoming a surgeon , mark became a family practitioner , and after taking several months to develop the skills he needed , he left the country to volunteer his services to an international relief organization .
instead of getting blind drunk , what he should have done earlier this evening was get down on his knees and thank his mother for all that she and his father had sacrificed for their king and country .
' possibly that is because you have hidden yourself away in the country these past three years ? '
finally , with a weak smile , knowing the news she was about to deliver , knowing that it would break their hearts to have her move out of the country , and yet knowing that she had to do it to escape the potential tsunami , the after - effects of what had just happened in her life , she simply said , ` ` you 're right .
it was a bit like riding a bus on the moon at times , and she found herself surprised by how desert - like a country could be that had water .
as the bus brought them closer to the edge of the city , it was as if she had been dropped in a scandinavian country , or at least the way she imagined it .
and it was all being covered by bournham industries , so she could just settle in and relax , not worry about owning things , managing things , but instead worry about herself settling in to a new country , a new job , new responsibilities .
a year - long traveling binge that ended in jail had helped take away some of jeremy 's pain , for a time , until dom had bailed him out in some asian country that jeremy still could n't recall .
sitting at her desk , collecting an overpriced paycheck in a country she had never even had on a top twenty list of places she wanted to visit , with everyone speaking a language she did n't understand , left lydia feeling lonely for the first time in her life .
the poor little corporate drone , making six figures now , living in a foreign country , all expenses paid for now , until her relocation allowance was spent , with a title most people could n't dream of until they were ten years older than she .
when everything fell apart with dana last year he 'd found solace in more travel , wandering to the various southeast asian countries , where he 'd dabbled in micro - lending for years , investing money in local business loans for small - time farmers , weavers , cooks , and other little businesses .
as if the loss of twenty years was nothing at all , just another divorce in a country that saw a million breakups a year .
that white cashmere wo n't last long in this country , though .
` ` and like all young people , you think you 're a pioneer , the first person ever to find the great undiscovered country .
hell , annie , i ' ve been in love more times than liz taylor and i ' ve slept with enough men to protect this country in time of war .
he had every intention of being on the other side of the country before dinner .
` ` i ' ve flown across the country to be with my father .
he 'd built the company into one of the most successful in the country .
she felt a twinge of guilt , especially since she 'd already decided to call in the country 's top heart surgeon first thing in the morning .
apparently the whole country 's at a standstill .
` ` you ' ve just insulted one of this country 's most- '' ` ` i did n't insult him , '' valerie insisted , interrupting her sister 's tirade .
if she was going to make a fool of herself over a man , she did n't need to travel halfway across the country to do so !
for one thing , chips does n't have an office in this part of the country .
steffie had enjoyed the time with her father , and had been excited about showing him the country she 'd come to love and introducing him to her new friends .
ian had been born after culloden ; he 'd never seen a watch , one of those organized bands of armed men that rode the country , charging fees from the highland chiefs to protect tenants , land , and cattle - and if the black rent they charged was not paid , promptly seizing goods and cattle themselves .
` ` there are more and more of them - wee scraps of what were villages , even whole peoples - wandering about the country starved and wretched .
the bearer , israel bissell , is charged to alarm the country quite to connecticut and all persons are desired to furnish him with fresh horses as they may be needed .
i took off my wet cloak and hung it on the peg , but then stood , unsure quite what to do next , as though i stood in a stranger 's house , in a country where i did not know the custom .
` ` but that was in another country , '' she quoted softly .
` ` that , '' he said tersely , ` ` was in another country .
doomed to failure , he would attract enough support to cleave the country , and lead his followers through civil war to a bloody end on the field of culloden .
who were we , to alter the course of history , to change the course of events not for ourselves , but for princes and peasants , for the entire country of scotland ?
i see from your dress that you are a highland scot ; i had thought perhaps you would be able to advise me as to the current sentiments prevailing in that part of the country .
for one reason , there is the country of origin ; the songs were sent from england . ''
` ` be it known to all present that this depraved and dangerous person , having landed unlawfully upon the shores of scotland , hath incited to riot the population of that country , and hath unleashed upon innocent citizens the fury of an unjust war . ''
the country here was an odd combination of mountain slope and seashore .
` ` the country is roused , sassenach .
` ` is this not a splendid country ? ''
he said that in that country , the crocodiles copulate upon the muddy banks of the rivers , the female being laid upon her back , and in that position , incapable of rising without the assistance of the male . ''
homer could n't compete with the excitement of this new country , adventure reaching out from both shores with beckoning green hands .
` ` this will be her country . ''
yet the capacity for sensation belongs also to the stalled ox ; there is no wild beast or degenerate but obeys the twitchings of impulse ; and even men who deny the gods , or betray their country , or'-careful , man ! ''
living in a country normally barren of much that was edible , they were capable of relishing glutinous masses of cereal , untouched by any redeeming hint of spice or flavor .
the black bears of this country are wary of humans , and loath to approach even a single man .
there were english soldiers in the country , burning , killing .
here were the seeds of the new country , the legacy of the old .
it 's a good country for myths .
` ` whereas , '' hayes boomed , glowering at the crowd over his paper , ` ` i have received information that a great number of outrageous and disorderly persons did tumultuously assemble themselves together in the town of hillsborough , on the 24th and 25th of last month , during the sitting of the superior court of justice of that district to oppose the just measures of government and in open violation of the laws of their country , audaciously attacking his majesty 's associate justice in the execution of his office , and barbarously beating and wounding several persons in and during the sitting of said court , and offering other enormous indignities and insults to his majesty 's government , committing the most violent outrages on the persons and properties of the inhabitants of the said town , drinking damnation to their lawful sovereign king george and success to the pretender- '' hayes paused , gulping air with which to accomplish the next clause .
new bern , 20 october colonel james fraser whereas the peace and good order of this government has been lately violated and much injury done to the persons and properties of many inhabitants of this province by a body of people who stile themselves regulators , i do by the advice of his majesty 's council order and direct you forthwith to call a general muster of so many men as you judge suitable to serve in a regiment of militia , and make report to me as soon as possible of the number of volunteers that are willing to turn out in the service of their king and country , when called upon , and also what number of effective men belong to your regiment who can be ordered out in case of an emergency , and in case any further violence should be attempted to be committed by the insurgents .
` ` and meet new ones - in hopes that they may join us in forging a new life in this new country . ''
he had been the poet , whose words had echoed through the years , raised armies , burned in the hearts of those who would die for them , and for the country founded on them .
but that was long ago , and in another country , i thought , steeling myself against the riptide of memory .
there never was any such act in the laws of england or any other country but france , they brought it from france , and they 'll bring the inquisition . ''
i lament the fatal necessity to which you have now reduced me , by withdrawing yourselves from the mercy of the crown , and the laws of your country , to require you are assembled as regulators , to lay down your arms , surrender up the outlawed ringleaders , and submit yourselves to the laws of your country , and then rest on the lenity and mercy of government .
i lament the fatal necessity to which you have now reduced me , by withdrawing yourselves from the mercy of the crown , and the laws of your country , to require you are assembled as regulators , to lay down your arms , surrender up the outlawed ringleaders , and submit yourselves to the laws of your country , and then rest on the lenity and mercy of government .
by accepting these terms in one hour from the delivery of this dispatch , you will prevent an effusion of blood , as you are at this time in a state of war and rebellion against your king , your country , and your laws .
` ` i ' m not an expert , '' a second voice said , ` ` but the southern tier of the country has been suffering under this heat wave for two weeks , and i imagine the demands for electricity overloaded the system .
with electricity off in almost a quarter of the country , that 's amazingly quiet . ''
she was not going to jump at the idea of doing presentations around the country and announce that really she wanted to sell her house and hit the road .
traveling across the country to marry a man she 'd never met had to be frightening .
traveling all the way across the country to marry erik , her tired mind refused to register the thought that he was going to die .
what if you were in your own country , minding your own business , when one day the roman army shows up and declares war against you .
` ` what if you could walk right beside general george washington as he defended our great country during the revolutionary war ? ''
deciding she would be safer out of the country , anna convinced the family to send caterina to her grandparents in england .
i was n't sure how many people worked in the background when we left the country , but it seemed to be a ful blown tactical operation .
just a couple of months later , we were in a foreign country , on a tiny island in the caribbean sea , dancing together in the middle of a dirt laden street among strangers , posing as husband and wife .
we 're leaving in one week , and you wo n't be all owed to leave the country if you 're involved in an investigation .
i see a face that has eyes so gold , i feel richer than a country .
' in fighting for her country her role was perhaps unusual , ' he replied , ' but surely not dishonourable . '
that 's roughly in the middle of the country . '
' i spent many years in your country during the war . '
' such things happened across the whole country . '
what is it that you say in your country about the consequences of always working and never taking time off ? '
' you have not said what you truly think about being dragged the length of the country in the pouring rain . '
' what about living in a foreign country ?
spain was a big country and , probably , very many of its citizens never saw the sea .
soon she would have to accustom herself to a new country and a new climate , but the thought did n't dismay her .
' i did n't meet elena until i arrived in this country . '
on the cab ride over , brett asked about cary and was n't surprised to learn that my best friend had moved across the country with me .
nathan said he 'd stay away from you as long as he had the money to leave the country .
us ... that kiss ... it 's not just ' hell , no ' territory , it 's like ... full - on ' fuck no ' country . ''
she did n't spare the room much of glance ; it was the same as any best western anywhere in the country .
she came to every show she could , and was traveling almost as much as he was , flying all over the country to meet him .
for as much as i ' m all over the country , i still feel isolated from reality in a way .
next week she 'd accompany him on a business trip out of the country .
she could fill it with music , rent any movie and watch it on the vcr , lose herself in reading and pretend that she was in any other country in the world , yet she would still be alone .
after today i can leave this dreary country and never return . ''
she already wanted more from him than just a one - night stand or even friendship , that much was certain , but she was n't sure if he was willing to give her what she needed or if she were just a distraction , something to occupy his time as the tour led him throughout the country .
it 's what they call star quality , she thought , thinking about all of the reality television shows that were based on a nationwide hunt to find the best talent in the country .
one of the most eligible bachelors in the country , his status certainly was n't for lack of options .
it was times like this that kate was reminded that full - figured might be considered sexy in her part of the country , but not everyone in the world appreciated a girl with curves , especially not the stick - thin pop star that stood just a few feet away , her carefully painted fingertips planted firmly in a sharp hip - hug stance , her head cocked to the side and her lips curled in disdain .
to know that this man , desired by so many women not just around the country but around the world , wanted only her - right here and now , once again , made kate feel powerful and special .
he 'd lost his accent years ago and not even a hint of it remained to give away his foreign birth in a country that no longer existed .
many gerai earned their living by spending a few days in houses all over the country , making sure their neighbors knew that they traveled for business , or were enjoying their retirement seeing the country .
instead , he 'd talked about small things , like how he 'd found this place so far off the beaten path one night when his car had broken down , and how he and his buddies had a contest to find the best places to eat across the country .
there were hundreds of them - maybe even a few thousand - scattered across the country .
` ` i ' ve heard rumors that you ' ve found blooded women roaming the country . ''
i do n't even know what country i ' m in . ''
` ` i ' ve roamed this country for years .
they were scattered all over this part of the country , and there were two less than an hour away .
she did n't know why , but after more than a decade of bouncing around the country like a pinball , she 'd stopped questioning why she went anywhere .
` ` i ' ve been out of the country for many years , with only brief visits as necessary to prevent my mother from sending a search party after me .
i ' ve been out of the country for some time and there is much to be done . ''
` ` i would suggest leaving the country as a solution , but you can not . ''
` ` you avoid persecution by fleeing the country .
within two weeks of setting foot in that miserable little country , he 'd been killed .
she had thought to catch jessie meeting with one of her friends from the country club , maybe necking a little , but not this .
right after she found out what the hell he was doing here in her bar when he was supposed to be across the country in tennessee .
we ' ve got to get the hell out of this country before brumley has time to put a bounty on p.j .
for that matter , if she was caught in some shit - hole country , it was n't the u.s . justice system she 'd have to worry about .
he hunted and apprehended the country 's most - wanted fugitives .
she started thinking about running away instead , thinking about the viability of leaving the country and being on the lam together , and never letting him go .
he saved your ass and his , and managed to get you across the country without incident .
` ` he might have been incarcerated under a false name or out of the country .
people came from all over the country to study with them . ''
` ` he could be the best damn fire inspector in the country ; that wo n't stop me from laying him out cold if he tries that territorial bullshit again . ''
if they value their freedom , i 'd think they 'd want to get out of the country .
guardians monitored a handful of select colleges in the country so that moroi could safely attend them .
men who had wanted to serve their country and people .
that his men would be safe and that they would better serve their country .
they were good men , every one of them , dedicated and loyal , men who had sacrificed for their country .
i ' m an unwanted orphan from a third - world country you brought home along with eleven other lucky girls to conduct experiments on .
he used people to further his own interests - oh , not for monetary gain , he did n't need that , he already had enough money for a small country , but for his endless ideas .
he had the money and the connections and he brought the ones into the country he thought would suit his needs .
ryland could see him ` ` purchasing '' the little orphan children from a country that did n't want them anyway .
they said they could make me leave the country .
you ' ve lived in this country for years .
` ` i was given gourmet cooking lessons by one of the top chefs in the country . ''
and general mcentire ... it 's still difficult to believe that he would be involved in selling out his country .
none of that money you sold out your country for and murdered for is going to do you any good , so i hope that you enjoyed every penny while you had the chance to spend it . ''
the building was surrounded by thickset evergreens , not unusual in this part of the country .
these tools are : -the mortal instruments , by which we may know truth , speak with angels , and make more of our own kind -the country of idris , in which we may live safely away from both demons and the mundane world -the book of raziel ( or ` ` gray book '' ) , with which we may make use of the magic of angels to protect and augment ourselves these were gifts given by raziel to the first nephilim , jonathan shadowhunter , and so after him we call ourselves shadowhunters .
what jonathan shadowhunter was called , before he was made the first nephilim by raziel , is lost to history ; we do not even know from what country he came .
we have our own secret country , which is hidden in central europe and is known as idris .
smaller , more regional groups of shadowhunters , for instance the shadowhunters of a specific country or sometimes of a particularly large city , are collected in what are called enclaves in most of the world , and conclaves in the americas and australia .
though it is described as a realm and one can travel in it like in a country , it does not tolerate being surveyed and does not have a consistent layout .
learning marks can be difficult , especially for shadowhunters from western countries .
idris , the nephilim homeland idris is our country , our land of sanctuary and safety .
the country of idris is small , barely visible on a map of europe .
alicante is the only city - indeed , the only major settled area - in the country .
idris is , nonetheless , very beautiful country : low alpine , stacked with sheaves of pine trees , among which meander countless rivulets and brooks .
though the land is different from any of its mundane neighbors - germany , france , switzerland - it evokes the same beauty as the landscapes of those countries .
instead raziel created an entirely new country , like blowing a bubble , in the middle of europe .
in order to reach idris by air , one must fly to one of the airports in a neighboring country and travel overland across its border .
this happens without any side effects or signs , so a mundane will have no awareness that he has passed instantly through an entire country .
idris and the modern world idris 's unspoiled nature is maintained in part by its wards , but strict law also prevents the country from becoming modernized .
the wards that prevent mundanes from being able to enter or even detect idris cause the whole country to exist in a ` ` magical cage '' that prevents machinery from working reliably within its borders .
crossing the threshold into an institute , you are no longer in the country or state or city that the institute 's building stands in , but are rather in nephilim land , where our law is predominant .
this shall be your country , he said .
it 's not like your country or your religion behaved way better .
it 's this experience i thought of when reading the chapter in city of bones in which , on returning to her apartment building in park slope and falling through a five - dimensional door , clary lands not in some other country or other world but in the front yard of her ` ` uncle '' luke 's home in williamsburg , just a couple miles to the north , and still in brooklyn .
over the ages , soldiers in various countries , from australia , to burma , to cambodia , to thailand , have had special types of tattoos that were said to give protection in battle or even ( in the case of full - body cambodian tattooing ) to make wearers invincible to bullets .
let 's see who 's so hot on love after a few volatile divorces and a bitter custody battle that spans states or , god forbid , countries .
any stripper in the country can testify to this . ''
in the course of her work , and ford 's , she had traveled to six continents and god knows how many countries ; she had thought herself well traveled , but suddenly she realized how little she knew of her own city because she had been encapsulated in her own little safe , familiar world .
the french could be so difficult about allowing artifacts , even not - so - old ones , out of the country .
but it explained so much - why niall had been able to take creag dhu and hold it without interference from the king , even why the bruce had been the one european monarch who had not only not enforced the papal death sentence against the templars , but whose country had become a sanctuary of sorts for the hunted men .
she had a passport in louisacroley 's name , in case she had to get out of the country in a hurry .
the newberry happened to be one of the foremost research libraries in the country , something grace would know , and a resource she would need .
crystal was back in chicago cavorting with her new boyfriend , and he was out here in god 's country , working his butt off because that 's who he was .
morgan , tyler and their six siblings had lived a vagabond lifestyle , traveling the country in a psychedelic van with their new age parents .
but as a dj i work indoors , and that just seems like a waste in this kind of country .
` ` country is the obvious choice .
we could get on any talk show in the country . ''
still , he would n't have traded his marriage for even a full - ride scholarship to the best medical school in the country .
although thomas was about fifteen years his senior , the two shared a camaraderie and a deep love of their adopted country .
apparently every available officer was checking the luggage of passengers leaving the country .
` ` ginny was afraid that if she left the country for more than a few days , she would n't be able to return .
until nine years ago , he 'd worked at various odd jobs around the country , never staying in any one place for long .
given the option of heading toward florida or belize , he 'd decided to return to the central american country and would set his course southward as soon as the mood struck him .
` ` mexico is my country now , '' dancy said , but even from a distance jason could hear the sadness in his voice .
if he did , would he have asked jack to get her out of the country ?
he trusted jack to see his daughter safely out of the country , but there could be unforeseen problems ahead .
someone said all the available agents were checking everyone departing the country , looking for a stolen museum piece . ''
` ` you 'll have protection for the remainder of your stay in my country , '' catherina assured lorraine .
` ` such news is of significant interest to the people of my country .
` ` again , my country and my government are most grateful for your assistance .
why would you rob a country of its heritage ?
then she 'd learned that his fiancee was vacationing out of the country .
you would not have traveled to another country to see him if not for love .
each time she persuaded me to remain in my adopted country .
` ` some pretty freakish weather going on around the country , '' tim said , glancing up at the sky , which was a clear bright blue with clusters of high clouds .
her mother was a walking cliche of southern womanhood , having grown up wearing frilly dresses and being presented to the community 's elite at the savannah christmas cotillion , one of the most exclusive debutante balls in the country .
like in italy , i saw the colosseum in rome and the canals in venice , but what i really remember was a weekend i spent in bari - this out - of - the - way city in the southern part of the country that you ' ve probably never heard of - with some italian students i happened to meet .
i mean , it 's one thing to tell your friends what you 're going to do , and it 's another thing entirely to actually get on the plane and land in a country where barely anyone speaks english .
but richard knew what it was like , and she felt an emerging kinship with him , the kind visitors to a strange country might feel upon discovering that the people at the next table come from a town in their home state .
how she 'd ended up in coastal north carolina was a long story , involving college , an ex - boyfriend , the need to make her own mark in the world , and the desire to see another part of the country .
she took a bus halfway across the country and hoped he would simply let her go .
the guardian halfway across the country , detective larry cohen discussed the situation with a few people in the department .
the fingerprints had n't helped ; though morrison had decided to use the fbi database as well , they were backlogged with cases from around the country , and he 'd been informed it could take at least a week to process .
she went halfway across the country , but somehow robert tracked her down .
she had been proud of his decision to serve his country , her heart bursting with love and admiration the first time she saw him outfitted in his dress blues .
` ` i want to hear more about your walk across the country , '' elizabeth said .
thinking back , she realized that even though he 'd described the things he 'd seen and done on his journey across the country , she still had no idea why he 'd gone on the walk in the first place or why he 'd decided to end his trek in hampton .
relocate to another part of the country and start over .
he 'd searched the country for her .
he 'd walked halfway across the country in search of a woman he knew only in a photograph and ended up slowly but surely falling in love with this real , vulnerable , beautiful woman who made him feel alive in a way he had n't been since the war .
the town could handle flooding ; storms like these were a part of life in this region of the country , and most of the businesses were far enough away from the river to avoid most of the effects of all but the most exceptional of storms .
` ` then thank you for your service to our country as well .
he had a picture of you , and based only on that , he walked across the country to find you .
for five years , and then he trekked across the country to search for me .
with his mother 's care and fortitude , his adolescent years were like those of most others who lived in this part of the country .
my parents , unlike the vast majority of the country , were atheists , and i was raised accordingly .
i ' m not alone in this pride in my town ; the new bern historical society is one of the most active in the country , and on nearly every corner , signs document the important role new bern played in the early years of our country .
i ' m not alone in this pride in my town ; the new bern historical society is one of the most active in the country , and on nearly every corner , signs document the important role new bern played in the early years of our country .
instead , i asked our friends and family for any photographs they had of the two of us , and over the past year , the photographs were sent to me from across the country .
you spend a weekend at the mondori inn with their chef , and he 's supposed to be one of the best in the country .
a succession of governments over the next 175 years finally led to democratic elections in 1980 , and i was anxious to see how the country was faring .
over the years , i ' ve visited numerous countries , and i ' ve learned that until you meet the people in a relaxed setting , doing what they normally do , you have n't actually experienced what the country is all about .
over the years , i ' ve visited numerous countries , and i ' ve learned that until you meet the people in a relaxed setting , doing what they normally do , you have n't actually experienced what the country is all about .
our country , warts and all , is a place that foreigners find both fascinating and intriguing ; they love some things and hate others , but everyone has an opinion about it .
i spent a summer traveling around the country . ''
harold was one of the fastest runners in the country ( he would record the nation 's fastest time in the two mile for juniors , and hold the american junior record for a while ) , and , as with billy , i idolized him from afar .
a month earlier , after running one of the fastest 800 - meter times in the country , i 'd accepted a full athletic scholarship to the university of notre dame .
the splendor of some of these establishments was dizzying ( in any country in the world , they would be regarded as five - star hotels ) .
in the previous six months , she 'd had to make the arrangements from across the country .
because the ceremony and reception had been held on the other side of the country , only a few of my friends had been able to make it .
cambodia , like many asian countries , has perfected the art of piracy , and the russian market was a building crowded with hundreds of vendors , selling everything from pirated dvds to pirated clothing .
the market was crowded ; it seemed that every tourist visiting the country had heard about the place and had decided to visit at the same time .
every time we 'd turned on the television - no matter what country we were in - croc hunter was always on .
meanwhile , cat and i began the process of getting ready for a new life on the other side of the country .
though we were n't sure what to expect , we quickly learned that india was a country like no other .
and i ' m in a foreign country .
for her , traveling to foreign countries means going to london or paris . ''
to be on the safe side , however , micah and dana , along with a couple of relatives , flew to md anderson in houston , one of the most renowned cancer centers in the country , for a second opinion .
there , we 'd made arrangements for my sister to see dr . keith black , one of the finest neurosurgeons in the country .
a month later , i was on the road touring the country for a bend in the road .
once he was finished with the hatchet job that would pose as an article , people around the country would assume that everyone who lived here was gullible , foolish , and superstitious .
while she did n't have the resources of duke , wake forest , or the university of north carolina , her library was regarded as one of the best small libraries in the state , if not the country .
in time , my grandfather and dad established relationships with coin dealers across the country , and my grandfather spent a fortune over the years trading up and improving the collection .
despite the fact that eastern north carolina is one of the most militarily dense areas of the country - there are seven bases within a few hours ' driving time from wilmington - i used to think that military life was for losers .
` ` we 'd have to go to the other side of the country , '' i said .
and when her lips met mine , i knew that i could live to be a hundred and visit every country in the world , but nothing would ever compare to that single moment when i first kissed the girl of my dreams and knew that my love would last forever .
recruiting offices began to fill around the country with men wanting to enlist .
` ` if christian goes to college across the country , it 'll be too late . ''
there were a few moroi facilities in the country that gathered feeders -- those on the fringes of human society who were content to spend their lives high on vampire endorphins -- and then distributed them .
it 's a holdover from the old country , and these people think it 's important .
` ` i ' m back in my native country , '' she said with mock grandeur .
all she wanted was some entertainment while her husband was out of the country .
` ` did you know , '' carrie said , her smile warm and alive , ` ` there are whole groups that are springing up across the country for organized hikes and other outdoor activities that your book inspired ?
only a few months in vegas proved the city boasted the best strip clubs in the country .
` ` of course , falconry is a large sport in our country .
` ` and what country is that ? ''
my mind worked through reasons that someone from a country i barely knew existed could possibly want to speak to me about .
` ` it 's not like they 're from an important country or anything .
perhaps it was appropriate to address people by lady or sir in their country .
the country was flourishing and the people were happy . ''
` ` eventually , some of the families felt threatened enough to leave the country .
why would she want to find the people who abandoned their country ? ''
` ` samantha , in our country , the most important thing to us is family .
` ` alex and his father are very large bird advocates in our country . ''
i could n't help being surprised he knew so much about the country .
` ` he 's currently employed by the crown , which means he 's being given to you as a courtesy since we invited you to the country .
it 's another country .
it 's a lilarian number , so you will have to use the country code when calling a number in the states . ''
not to mention it should calm down once you leave the country . ''
getting to go to another country had seemed to excite him .
she will shake your hand and welcome you to the country .
but for every other eligible man in the country , you 're a potential wife .
` ` i ' ve gone through your schedule and set up some of the meetings you 'll need to have in the next few days , including time for you to see some of the country .
` ` you also just found out that you 're the duchess to a huge estate in a foreign country . ''
i did n't want the media to stop me from seeing my new country .
there was intense pride in her voice for the work of their family and that of their country , and i understood .
` ` i ' ve barely set foot in this country and people are asking me for interviews and to come to openings . ''
she said i could n't shake her just by moving to another country . ''
when i think about being with alex , i ca n't just think about how he makes me feel , i have to think about how it would affect an entire country .
` ` it 's a beautiful country , but i ' m looking forward to things settling down . ''
we hold a little more sway than some of the other remaining royal households because we have retained ownership of the lands that made our country what it is .
` ` did you know that lilaria is considered one of the happiest countries ? ''
for the first time since arriving in the country i felt like i was experiencing the real culture .
the women of seattle had been the first to discover her unique blend ofpassion and morality ; the rest of the country had soon followed .
this sort of honesty was more at home in other parts of the country , where time was measured in seasons or tides .
reporters were probably scouring the country , talking to anyone and everyone who ever knew nora bridge ; they 'd tear her apart if they could .
percy picked up the most recent letter that andrew had managed to send out of the country .
before all else comes duty - her father had always said - toward one 's family and toward one 's country .
hers lay toward her family , while ashford 's lay toward their country .
` ` even if that is the case , i can assure you that william would only strike a deal with the french in order to help his country . ''
it was true that he had never fallen prey to an enemy , but he 'd always believed that if he ever did , he would withstand anything for the sake of his country .
` ` i was wondering if you ' ve captured any of those horrid englishmen who seem to have become such a menace to our beloved country , indeed to our very emperor , '' she drawled .
his eyes turned to michael who seemed to want to deny the claim , but william stopped him , saying forcefully , ` ` i would never dream of betraying my country or my people ... my family for god 's sake .
the sudden appearance of a marchioness is going to make the headline in every gossip column this country has to offer .
it is one of the foremost reasons why my family withdrew to the country .
` ` that practically makes her the best surgeon in the country , '' cassandra piped in .
so logic decrees that she has not decided to leave the country .
it was quite an ordeal for her as you can well imagine - twelve years of age and forced to flee a foreign country after witnessing her mother 's murder . ''
it was an exercise that could n't be helped even if he 'd tried , for it had become second nature to him now - a result of many years of service to his king and country .
` ` lord hampstead was a guest in this country .
if nothing else , he knew that stanton would be arrested for committing murder in this country and that his sentencing would be swift .
balan had returned to a country underpopulated and in chaos .
on top of everything , balan 's father had been among the many who had perished when the plague rolled across the country , and balan had inherited the man 's title , castle , what loyal servants remained and all the attending troubles .
i do n't know if they expect me to be from some cool foreign country , or maybe have celebrities as parents , but the truth is nothing like that .
` ` so ... she probably lives across the country for all i know . ''
i ' m not quite sure they are completely onboard with the idea , because they worry about me being disappointed , or hurt , and not to mention driving halfway across the country by myself .
` ` a fascinating country , i must say . ''
what did they matter in the country ?
he suspected that his calm , quiet days in the country were over .
various members of the family had been convicted of everything from assault and battery to arson , attempted murder , and murder itself , and the rocky , wooded homestead that housed the extended family was like a country with its own rules .
tuck , who ate eggs and grits at irvin 's every morning and dropped dry - roasted peanuts into the glasses of pepsi that he drank ; tuck , who 'd lived in the same house for almost seventy years and had left the state only once , when he 'd been called to serve the country in world war ii .
it was his dad 's golf buddy , roger , asking him to come and pick up his dad at the country club .
when he 'd pulled up to the country club a few minutes earlier , his dad had been leaning against one of the columns , his eyes bleary and unfocused , and his breath alone could have fueled the gas grill in the backyard .
black john had come back to make the strongest circle this country had ever seen - not from this generation , but from the next , adam 's father said .
after being kidnapped and carted across the country by car and plane and spending time with therians and vampires and dodging magic from other magic users , a bit of bravery had edged its way in .
normally i 'd recommend she stay in a rehab clinic until the worst of her withdrawal is over , but i recognize that this situation is different and you do n't want to draw attention to yourselves in a foreign country .
the ex lives out of the country , so she wants someone to whom that would n't pose a problem . ''
as an accountant she could n't help but consider all she could accomplish with a million dollars , starting with replenishing the bank account she 'd depleted to move cross country and take a job with adam 's club - a job she 'd specifically targeted when her research revealed he was the new deed - holder to her family 's estate .
` ` bahamas law requires us to be in the country twenty - four hours before we can apply for a marriage license .
` ` once you get to the bahamas you 'll have to provide proof of arrival time in the country .
access to a plane would make his life easier since he traveled the country on a regular basis .
patrick architectural flies associates all over the country on a last - minute basis , and we pay a premium for those tickets .
trent was going to find a reason to fire her sooner or later anyway , and she was beginning to believe she would never get any more out of her mother , who had n't returned any of lauren 's calls since their chat the other night and had even left the country to avoid a face - to - face chat .
that left jacqui - if jacqui was back in the country .
` ` you must be the only one in the country who missed the tabloid stories .
what made you move all the way across country ? ''
but how could he complain when half the country struggled for work ?
everyone in this part of the country had watched the four strapping landis brothers grow up in the news , first while their father occupied the senate .
in her jeans and a short sleeve sweater set with pearls , no one would guess ginger was one of the country 's most powerful politicians .
` ` it was about serving my country , about giving something back . ''
she 'd been foolish to tempt fate by going to spain in hopes of unobtrusively learning about half her heritage on the small island country nearby .
we wo n't stop being sisters just because you 're married , even if you live clear across country .
` ` i know now- '' thank god ` ` -and look forward to telling you and showing you just how much i love you in every country around the world .
` ` can you narrow that down to a country for me ? ''
once you found out he was sick , moving to another country ... '' ` ` i could n't start the medical process over again and waste precious weeks , days even .
he wanted to serve for a few years , to give back to his country .
even now , she served as an ambassador to a south american country .
my husband was getting shot at in another country .
his eyebrows were still ridged with scars , the result of too much stubborn resistance against superior opponents when he was club - fighting all over the country .
` ` they profile a yardie as someone who enters the country carrying a forged or stolen british passport , '' carella said .
it was n't a piece - of - crap skiff ; this was a twenty - one - foot boston whaler with gps and sonar , and the kid kept bragging about how he was going to use it all summer and dock it at the slips at the country club .
his coloring , hair and features were a blending of races so evident in people in this region of the country .
i did not like this country .
her mother was french , her father was from slovakia , and they 'd arrived in the country with little more than the money they had in their pockets .
you made me laugh , and you were the first to help me do that in this country .
i was not , nor ever had been , a fighter of any sort , but even so , i loved my country , and i spent much of that year trying to imagine a future distorted by war .
` ` despite the difference in our ages , she was the first real friend i made in this country . ''
we had the chance to see this country in a way that most people never could , and what could be better ? ''
` ` it bothered me to think that in this rich country , there were people who still lived as they did .
a beautiful country .
her sister was now a member of a minor royal family in some central european country whose name grace could never quite pronounce , and her brother owned most of east anglia .
` ` this is not a humble country entail .
he 'd fought in gutters , on battlefields , for his country and for his life , and he 'd never had patience for men who threw the first punch .
` ` he ca n't be upset that his grandmother is leaving the country , '' lady amelia said .
and then she launched into quite the most ambitious speech : ` ` aside from the fact that i can not imagine why the dowager would wish to go to ireland - not that i would n't like to see your beautiful country , but it does not seem in character for the dowager , whom i have heard speak disparagingly of northumberland , the lake district , and indeed all of scotland ... '' she paused , presumably to breathe .
she looked perplexed at that , so he added , ` ` there are certain areas of the country - possibly all of kent , to be honest - it is best that i avoid . ''
later that night grace was in the rose salon , hunting down writing paper for the dowager , who had decided - on the spur of the moment , apparently - that she must send a letter to her sister , the grand duchess of that small european country whose name grace could never pronounce ( or , indeed , remember ) .
our home country is a wreck .
giliberti house is like an oasis in the middle of the country .
it 's the worst earthquake this country has seen in years and years .
and then he 'd left the country .
he 'd recently lost his father , moved clear across the country and taken over kcl .
mitch had idolized him and rand had let him down by walking out and hauling himself to the other side of the country to nurse his wounded ego .
kincaid cruise lines was a huge firm that for years had been voted one of the top five places in the country to work .
carly had clearly given the idea of moving across the country to be closer to her parents careful consideration .
the widowed duncan sisters had declared themselves honorary grandmothers , and with her parents living all the way across the country , carly could n't be happier for rhett to have a makeshift extended family .
and that was probably her father 's point in exiling her halfway across the country .
shawn was a well - known artist who painted murals all over the country .
ethan refocuses his attention to the computer and continues his search through the endless amount of ella daniels in the country .
but i ' m not even sure if she 's still in the country .
and if it were n't for the occasional car horn or gunshot in the distance , i would have believed i was in japan when i was sitting on that hill , even though i have never been to japan and do n't really know what being in that particular country is like .
jake was fined for his behaviour in japan and thrown out of the country .
i ' m actually fluent in spanish , something my mum insisted on , and it does comes in handy at times - well , mainly holiday 's in spanish speaking countries .
when jake suggested we get away and leave the country for a while , i was fully on board .
you were never far from my thoughts while i was out of the country .
it was almost as if he were in a foreign country where he did n't speak the ianguage , cautiously groping his way about , unable to read the road signs .
` ` there are a lot of cities in this country .
` ` you share a wife so you do n't have to split up the country , correct ? ''
no one who liked their chic yet charming country as it was wanted that .
your country is beautiful and that palace is something else . ''
` ` i think given your country 's unique position in the world 's fuel market and how open your economy is , you have the opportunity to make enormous strides .
the country was rich with oil , but they also had millions of acres of deserts , perfect for solar power and wind harvesting .
many young people , even in my country , get out and see the world .
piper had no real polish and no concept of what it took to run a country .
having a western wife would help further separate his country from some of his neighbors and be an asset in global relations .
getting her out of the country would prove less difficult if her employer colluded with them .
but bezakistan was alea 's country , too , and she would suffer along with everyone else if it fell to khalil 's incompetent hands .
piper has never even been out of her country .
she could very well be scared off by the enormity of taking her place at his side to run a country .
only duty to his country and family remained .
they 'd discussed the proposal a bit , but mostly she 'd let them feed her and stared while they talked about how beautiful their country was .
` ` piper , come to my country .
she could n't just go to a different country .
as in out of the country ? ''
the country needs you now . ''
the customs of my country are a bit unusual .
you know , the men in my country are legendary for stealing their brides .
it is an honor to serve you on your first trip to our country . ''
maybe she would find herself on a plane right back to the states tomorrow because she 'd proven to be immoral and not worthy of admission into their precious country .
it has just begun , and the minute the plane sets down , we will be in my country and playing by my rules .
if he does , he will take over the oil wells and bleed this country dry .
` ` bezakistan is my country .
i work very hard for my country .
i wish you good rest and please enjoy my country . ''
gavin james had been present , introducing her as the representative for both black oak oil and the country of bezakistan .
tonight , they intended to hold a banquet to both celebrate the official alliance between black oak and bezakistan , as well as welcome her to their country .
i pray we bring this country into a whole new world .
as the only representative of black oak currently in the country , she did n't have much choice .
and the minute they did , radical religious groups would be all over it , attempting to rip out all language that made bezakistan a secular country with a free market economy .
alea had been like this all afternoon , offering piper transportation out of the country every time she made mention of her home or a little thing that was different between the two countries .
alea had been like this all afternoon , offering piper transportation out of the country every time she made mention of her home or a little thing that was different between the two countries .
` ` they kept him in a warehouse just outside the country .
they lost several men and one of the team members had to smuggle tal back into the country . ''
` ` do n't you dare question my loyalty to this family or my country , soldier .
the head of congress and the country 's highest appointed judge .
while he and kade were able to traipse across the globe , tal had a country to run .
` ` before or after i have to make a decision i never thought i would , with your entire country watching ? ''
you had the knowledge to help me and my country .
` ` if you truly care about me beyond the knowledge i can bring to your country , then explain why . ''
i selected the bride i thought would be the best for my brothers and my country . ''
black oak oil is heavily invested in this country .
my country awaits your wisdom . ''
and the country 's .
she 'd never imagined that her vag**a had the power to destabilize a whole country .
you landed in a country where no one blinks an eye that you 're marrying three hot billionaires . ''
` ` it 's their country , too , kade .
he was taken to a neighboring country .
he was marrying her because his country needed him to get married .
was she willing to plunge a country into chaos because she was n't being loved the way she wanted to be ?
tal believed in sacrifice , for his country , for his brothers .
he 's the sheikh , but his whole life is dictated by his country , by laws and traditions , by the press and our economy .
a whole country to build .
anything but betray his country .
i ca n't protect my country and love my wife . ''
he could n't risk having to choose between her and his country .
it was n't so surprising given she had n't gotten used to her new country .
he would simply have his guards forcibly remove her from the country , and she would n't be allowed back in .
they would take care of the country .
mindy had been worried ever since the news had come out that the sheikh 's concubine had left the country , but piper had n't been willing to talk .
children who would rule a country one day as wisely as their fathers .
what kind of courage had it taken for him to leave his wealth and privilege behind to serve his country on the other side of the world ?
no names are attached to the numbers , everything was paid for in cash , and they come from completely different parts of the country .
she was too emotional to make any decisions now , much less one to surrender her virginity to two of the men who had whisked her across the country against her will .
he 'd done it in service to his country , but ... ` ` has he talked to you about his military service ?
` ` and it looks like he 's using your charity to smuggle something into the country .
he was going to have kinley walk right out of the country with a million dollars worth of blood diamonds in her suitcase . ''
some of our friends who live in bezakistan are in the country .
it was tradition among the wealthy and the landholders in this small country for the brothers of a family to share a wife so they did n't have to divide the family riches or leave any sibling to suffer poverty .
bezakistan was different , so in lan 's book , that 's what made the country great .
he was the only one of the three of tal 's guards who regularly took weeks off and left the country .
she 'd grown up in a country where she was practically expected to marry two or three men , maybe more .
our country is modern compared to some of its neighbors , but it 's still steeped in tradition .
royalty in bezakistan worked for the country and for their people .
` ` weird little country , bezakistan .
some parts of the country were still quite backwards .
it 's one region of the country .
men in this country ca n't believe a woman would do anything terrible .
` ` we were hired by three gentlemen from a country called bezakistan .
it 's a small country just outside the middle east . ''
he knew it sounded selfish , but he had to believe that the battles he 'd fought for his country and his fellow man would net him a little happiness .
they 're bringing some credit cards , too , and passports in case we want to leave the country .
` ` i ca n't leave the country without my baby . ''
` ` no , i ca n't leave the country . ''
but then you started talking about what sounded like leaving the country ... '' she sighed , then reached into the small bag hannah had given her and pulled out her phone .
once you were in their country , gavin james was going to fly caleb to bezakistan himself .
it 's the single wealthiest country per capita in the world . ''
` ` the region does n't look kindly on the way the royal family runs the country .
and because my brother owes cole his life , i regret that we must forego carrying you off to my country to seduce you . ''
` ` i appreciate the offer , but i ca n't leave the country , '' jessa explained .
i ca n't leave the country or this man will come after my son .
an immigrant who 'd come to this country with four dollars in his pocket and made a living feeding other immigrant families , he 'd been proud that his youngest daughter made money using her head , rather than her hands .
is this a cool country , or what ?
` ` i ca n't leave the country .
there are n't many asians in this part of the country , and though i 'd had some asian friends in college , we had n't kept in touch .
` ` are you telling me that in a free country like this you 'd allow one man to rule you ? ''
by the third week she was known as the best cook in the country , ` ` maybe even in the whole world '' thanks to a fairly continuous round of dinner parties the stewarts gave .
but we ' ve assigned one of the top thoracic surgeons in the country to your father .
he may be one of the best heart surgeons in the country , but he certainly did n't look the part .
he smiled as he said , ` ` he 's a little unconventional , but he 's one of the best in the country , if not the best '' kim nodded .
the only person who knew this country like the back of his hand was ... john faced her .
they spoke of taking a cruise come february , maybe even fly to florida , then book a ship to the islands over there on the opposite side of the country .
but , of course , he was still on crusade and while john was running the country in his absence , i had no proof , merely suspicions .
now , i wanted to get her back to the country so we could live in our little cocoon where my past was n't there to haunt me .
` ` i heard you were shipped off to the country for being a bad boy . ''
his job was to serve his country .
a foreign country sounded nice if she could get out of the united states undetected .
` ` i ' ve been all over the damn country in the last year .
for his country .
and as payne would say , she would be doing her country a service if she could somehow identify this man as steve crossfield , or as definitely not .
only an idiot would n't feel at least a twinge of fear , knowing that a stalker who followed her across the country to end her life stood right outside the door .
` ` out of the country for a few weeks . ''
no more acadian country for him , says he . ''
` ` he puts his ass on the line to protect the citizens of his country , most of whom he 'll never know .
` ` it sucks , but the good news is , with anger like his , if the bastard knew where you were right now , he 'd be out here hunting you down , not hopping all over the country trying to draw you out by destroying property . ''
i woke jack up at an ungodly hour , walked away from the taping of my show to hop a plane , and flew across the country .
she was so damn independent , and it had probably grated her to even ask tyler for help , much less call someone halfway across the country .
anyway , joshua told his wife he 'd be on business in london , but tsa says he never left the country ...
no doubt , he 'd be out of the country before nightfall .
i 'll be out of the country indefinitely tomorrow . ''
i 'll bet he 's out of the country by this afternoon . ''
they had contacts down in venezuela , informants and former government officials who did n't like the way their country was headed now .
otherwise , hunter would have been out of the country while kata was being stalked ... and killed .
my f**king country does n't pay as well as sotillo .
he 's abducting gorgeous , young submissives out of clubs and resorts , then smuggling them out of the country .
i do n't think they 'll kill her on u.s . soil since it would likely be too easy to trace their location via ip addresses and whatnot , so we have to find her before they smuggle her out of the country .
i ' ve got to find her before thursday , when intel says they 'll take her out of the country . ''
` ` yeah , while trying to decide which subs to kidnap and sell off to oil barons and internet billionaires in obscure countries . ''
i just need a little more money and the means to skip this country and live rich .
` ` i ca n't wait to get this robe off of you and do things to your delectable body that are probably only legal in foreign countries . ''
when i find callie , i ' m going to move her out of the country .
sean would bet every dime in his bank account that the man was already planning to secret her out of the country , someplace far warmer and south of the u.s . , out of the bureau 's reach .
if she wanted to get out of the country , doing it from the keys would be easier . ''
but you ca n't take her out of the country once we find her . ''
tomorrow , i promised to get some paperwork together for her so she could leave the country . ''
` ` and if you find her , you better not skip the f**king country .
or out of the country .
` ` maybe logan could get paperwork for us to leave the country . ''
the news director was jumping up and down that every network in the country had just picked up the interview , along with a few overseas .
it would be best for all involved if the woman he picked to be his wife lived in one country while he lived in another .
did he leave the country ? ''
` ` i mean that we 're about to stay in a penthouse that would easily house an entire vil age in some third - world country .
she 'd had her romp in the hay with one of the wealthiest bachelors in the country .
this elegant two - story mansion would be suitable for any major movie star in the country .
thanks to emma 's talent for fiction , betty gavin believed that her daughter was marrying a wealthy bachelor whose parents traveled outside the country frequently , often taking aidan and emma with them .
it 's confusing enough for someone who 's not southern , let alone someone who 's not even from this country . ''
i ca n't speak for this country , but in europe , humans used to hunt us .
eventually she hoped to draw guests from all over the country , but initially she 'd depend on local traffic to keep the inn profitable .
` ` are you seriously planning to leave the country without telling her how you feel ? ''
` ` if you do n't tell her how you feel before you leave the country , then i 'll never forgive you .
he 'd thought he might be the only one wearing the costume of his native country , but he grinned happily at the sight of the mexican delegate in a black sombrero and a zorro - like outfit while his mate wore a tiered skirt , a peasant blouse , and a flower in her hair .
like many floor plans in this part of the country , no division existed between the living room and the dining area .
it was because mom was russian , and alone in this country .
she 'd buried herself in insurance information , researched heart attacks and survival , and come up with a list of the best cardiologists in the country .
` ` citizens of the soviet union ... at four a.m. without declaration of war ... german troops have attacked our country ... ... '' the announcement goes on and on , telling them to be good soviets , to enlist in the red army , to resist the enemy , but vera can not listen to anymore .
her country is a place of great fear these days , and no one knows which is more likely to kill you - the germans or the secret police .
most of the people who live on huckleberry are from a country on earth called india , and many of them are hindu , which is a religion .
he was n't like one of those tin - pot dictators who got lucky , seized a country and gave themselves the title of grand high poobah or whatever .
` ` ca n't have a wedding at farmington country club , '' monica says in hushed tones .
and i swear , somewhere , my mother is banging a spoon against a wine glass , finger ready to dial farmington country club to reserve a date in 2016 .
` ` oh , maybe it 's one of the six houses you pay for in all those different countries . ''
` ` one day , she was a socialite in tampa and the next , she was back in mimosa key , living in her parents ' house on sea breeze drive , while they gallivant all over the country in an rv . ''
the only problem is there is n't one in the entire country interested in selling right now .
large double doors opened to a bathroom the size of a small country , and another set led to a walk - in closet .
` ` they ca n't find him , and he wo n't come back into this country .
` ` he wanted this farm to be a perfect slice of heaven with a herd sired by the buck he 'd brought over from his home country .
` ` and be prepared for half of the gulf shore country club to be waiting on the front lawn with cameras when we get back . ''
` ` remember , i work in the county clerk 's office , and that gives me access to a lot of official documents , from every county in the country .
she knew the famous patriarch of the ivory clan , married to ` ` mimsy , '' as they called his eighty - year - old wife , both as famous as the king and queen of a country .
` ` there 's a beach twenty yards away , a pool in the back of this villa , and a bed the size of a small country in the master suite .
bringing in the prentice group was undoubtedly a coup , although timing had certainly come into play in winning over the country 's largest clothing manufacturing company .
the offer from san francisco based mc had put a whole country between him and the old man 's far - reaching shadow .
hell , i heard clear across country .
` ` lovely country in connecticut .
` ` how will you manage your business from clear across country now that you and jason are married ? ''
sometimes i miss it , but for the most part i ' m content with what i offered my country .
once we knock koteas off his pedestal , we 'll have a lock on this sector of the country . ''
` ` so which was your favorite country to tour ? ''
she 'd been working nonstop since her husband had died , leading matt to insist on bringing her along tonight as his date while she was in the country .
this man gave so much of himself and his resources for his country , shrugging it all off as nothing more than a way to pursue thrills .
some said she mourned herself to death because her husband only married her for her royal connection to a neighboring country . ''
his complete incredulity must have shown since she continued to explain , ` ` you know the wealthy lifestyle offers the perfect cover for sliding in and out of countries .
could a small country like rebelia actually have had an intricate spy network in place for over thirty years ?
once she climbed into that helicopter , she 'd be as good as dead , taken from the country and tortured - if they were n't shot down first .
back on the mainland , her father 's country included more of a blend of religions than many realized .
that did n't stop the frustration or the need to change things for this innocent child in her arms and all the children living in poverty in her country .
meanwhile , rowan finally had his chance to be with mari , to romance her , and what better place than in this country he loved , with holiday festivities lightening the air .
the country 's economy is stabilizing thanks to an increase in cocoa export , but the national treasury is n't flush with cash , by any means .
he vowed he felt closer to nature out there , closer to his country , even though three barriers of walls and guards protected him .
even though you 're not in his country , his region still neighbors your backyard .
no one thinks twice about someone like me wandering around wealthy fundraisers or traveling to remote countries . ''
he should have realized my free spirit is what he fell in love with and i should have recognized how drawn i was to his devotion to his country . ''
just that there was a king of some small country near spain , i think , before he was overthrown in a coup .
` ` it 's an island country , right ? ''
he could n't escape the reality of being the oldest son of deposed king enrique medina from san rinaldo , a small island country off the coast of spain .
he single - handedly tried to manipulate some small country 's currency to affect the outcome of an election .
the island country off the coast of africa had been so romantic and exotic .
in a country riddled with poverty and lawlessness , saving even a handful of these boys was a major victory .
the drive home passed in a blur with none of his regular pleasure in the starkly majestic landscape that had drawn him to this country in the first place .
getting her to leave the country with him .
we 'll fly in the chopper to another location , where we 'll board a private jet and leave the country .
he 'll be able to help us slip out of the country without the fanfare , attention and danger of going through an airport . ''
who was this man she 'd just agreed to leave the country with ?
god , and i ' ve been hauling you from country to country . ''
god , and i ' ve been hauling you from country to country . ''
a different country every week - spain , monaco , canada , england .
` ` we would fly out to a show in another country , france or japan perhaps . ''
simply put , no one had a first name in this particular country .
and also by the snippy tone in the other man 's voice when he assured pendleton , ` ` men 's studies is an extremely important part of the liberal arts curriculum at u of l. it 's an area of scholarship that 's been sadly neglected for far too long , on campuses across the country . ''
` ` another country , '' washington threw in .
they sure did things differently in this part of the country .
` ` actually , '' he said , the word coming out a bit strangled for some reason , ` ` the part of new jersey i come from is n't much different from your part of the country . ''
finally , however , she said , ` ` funny , but i have trouble seeing you as a product of my part of the country , too . ''
` ` no , sir , i ca n't think of another corporation in the country that will pay me what hensley 's does .
but when i came home from harvard with my mba and a half - dozen job offers from some of the best corporations in the country , sherry dumped marv polanski , who owned three very successful chevron stations , and she took up with me again .
she was visiting a part of the country she 'd never seen before , observing a slice of life she had n't known existed .
did you know men in iceland live longer than men in any other country ? ''
what he did doubt was that many people actually took tea - he just could n't think that phrase in anything but a snotty tone of voice ... tone of mind ... whatever - in this country .
independence for men , anyway , she thought , seeing as how women had been completely excluded from the document that had made this country what it was today , by god .
` ` thanks to that damned book , the men in this country are being completely outmaneuvered in the mating game .
since then , she had turned the club into one of the country 's premier establishments .
` ` hey , negative energy is what made this country great , '' he told her .
at a time when everyone in the country wanted to know more about her , no one had come forward claiming to have any particulars about her background .
` ` and then this country loves to jump up and down on the fallen heroes until they ca n't get back up again .
` ` yes , i believe that is , in fact , what they 're called in this country . ''
mr . kimball has been out of the country for some time now , attending to business .
` ` our teachers are the best in the country , mr . kimball .
` ` actually , '' she told him , her voice surprisingly level in spite of the fact that he was doing his best to infuriate her , ` ` very little of what 's in this room - or in those bank accounts , for that matter - actually belongs to me , so packing and fleeing to a foreign country would n't be too much trouble for me .
then he remembered there was a two - way lock on her bedroom door - which , now that he thought about it , he probably should have used to keep her out - and that in leaving , she would no doubt lock the door behind herself , something that would give her a nice head start on leaving the country .
then again , he reminded himself , there was nothing that would keep her from leaving the country once he drove away from ashling ...
settling her hands on her hips , she said , ` ` the description of everything in that passage could be a description of a thousand buildings , offices and men in this country .
it was like a museum , filled with beauty and history and riches unrivaled by any other private collection in the country .
he makes the society pages all over the country , wherever he goes , and he 's a regular feature on a lot of those celebrity websites .
she read about his hobbies and favorite pastimes - she already knew about opera , squash and port , but the sailing and polo came as something of a surprise - and about his education at the country 's finest schools .
except that she was a native new yorker without family or friends in any other part of the country to whom she might turn for help .
i keep getting e - mail from some deposed prince in nigeria who needs my help freeing up some frozen assets he 's trying to get out of the country , and i 'd really like to help him out , because he promised me a more than generous share once he 's fluid again .
so desperate was his need to console the woman who sang to him , he forgot his family , his country , his very self , and would turn and journey toward the singing .
` ` if this is some sort of entrapment scheme , i ' ve got some of the best lawyers in the country on retainer . ''
` ` fine , '' she said in exasperation , trying one last gambit , ` ` but do n't blame me when heads roll because zeke woodlow lost his chance at an interview with one of the leading entertainment magazines in the country . ''
at twenty - nine , he was already a partner at his advertising firm and had an impressive clientele that required him to fly around the country on business .
in a nod to her groom 's country , pia had made a fashion - forward choice from a british designer .
he went on to build several hotels all over the country and when he brought his son , seymour , into the business years later they expanded all over the world .
` ` unfortunately , i will be out of the country this weekend , i have to go to paris . ''
i was starting to feel nervous about being in a foreign country .
` ` throughout our country 's long history , the first child of every king of corythia has been a boy .
you 're just about out the door - heck , out of the country - and there is no way that i ' m even close to letting this go .
adriane 's country was in a fragile state at this moment and he really did n't have time to cater to rachel , but because she was carrying his child , he also could n't afford not to .
both he and nico were lost in thought as the car moved through his country .
their country 's main source of income was tourism .
though adriane 's country was n't large , it was hardly the smallest in the area .
the country and its wonders would be around long after his death , long enough that his line could rule for centuries to come .
through gritted teeth , she began : ` ` you bring me to your country and then i wake up and am left in this room for hours !
there was no way the country would go to war .
` ` she grew pregnant almost immediately , and their marriage was happy even when war broke out within their country .
she was n't from our country , either , and she looks forward to having an american daughter - in - law .
adriane could then find a proper woman of royal or at least noble birth to be his wife and the queen of this exquisitely beautiful country . ''
it did n't make up for the fact that adriane had n't given her any choice but to stay in his country , but she would enjoy showing the island to her children one day when they were old enough to visit .
i ' m still hopeful you will fall in love with my country and wo n't be in a hurry to leave . ''
he was confident with his title , the people loved him , and he would rule this country fairly .
` ` it ca n't be that bad to be a queen in such a beautiful country , '' ari remarked , then the women quieted as they neared the carriage .
i could have left your charming little country , but i chose to stay to get to know you .
he stormed into italy like he owned the country .
i have taken time out of my busy schedule to court you , taking you to see the country you will live in as queen , attending dinners with you , giving you attention .
by bringing you here , he is announcing to the country that you are a very important part of his life , '' nico said as the car arrived in front of a stately residence .
the responsibilities of ruling a country can be taxing , and a confident woman he can share his worries with and hold tightly in his arms can make the difference between adriane being a mediocre king and a great one . ''
of course that had been in another country , and at quite another time .
he had shown her his country , taking her deep into the heart of the island , showing her the farms , the small factories , the people .
he had to pull himself together so he could find rachel , speak to her before she decided to leave the country with her brother .
i already have men out combing the waters and the land here , too , just in case , but i truly think he 's taking her from the country . ''
as the tense night progressed , the storm continued to grow in its fury , threatening to lay waste to adriane 's country .
there were a few men from his country there , about five that she 'd managed to count .
i have a vision for my country - a vision both my father and brother were too weak to adopt .
but lia was now working for rafe and shane and was out of the country for a while .
he wanted to be free a while longer , build something in this world before he settled down , married and ruled his country .
his mother , an american actress his father had fallen in love with , shocking the country when he 'd brought home his foreign bride , had adapted amazingly well to his father 's country .
his mother , an american actress his father had fallen in love with , shocking the country when he 'd brought home his foreign bride , had adapted amazingly well to his father 's country .
he did love his country , but he had so much more living to do .
a few nights with her and he 'd be ready to leave america behind and go back to corythia to do his duty to god and his country .
at thirty years of age , he would be the youngest king in his country in the past two hundred years .
the golden complexion of your skin possibly makes you italian , my mother 's home country .
i say you are an international banker who travels to different countries , fattening your wallet and rescuing damsels in distress before seducing them - and then jetting away . ''
i say you are a shipping heiress who flits from country to country trying to win new customers . ''
i say you are a shipping heiress who flits from country to country trying to win new customers . ''
explore the beaches of italy , travel to nearby countries , and meet new people .
i think it 's important to get back to my country right away so we can prevent the media from swooping in before you are my wife . ''
we will we d. my child wo n't be born away from my country . ''
` ` it will do you good to be in my country .
` ` do you honestly think i ' m going to just stand by while you kidnap my sister and take her off to a foreign country ! ''
of course , that will be void if we 're out of the country .
they reached the gapstow bridge and she felt as if she were in a foreign country because of the architecture 's pre - world war i feel , and she admired the stunning detail .
` ` you might as well be leaving for another country , '' miley pouted as she hugged ari .
if it worked , thousands of jobs would be created and better conditions brought to both the prince 's country and some impoverished areas in the u.s . as she continued taking notes , she learned more about rafe .
` ` i look forward to spending time in your beautiful country .
my mother 's country is beautiful with water everywhere , and the land filled with green .
telling no one of his destination , he left the country .
` ` if you start harassing our only boy , he 'll change out his locks the next time he gets even a wisp of a hint that we 're flying in to visit him - and he 'll travel to another country far from here . ''
` ` i thought you were out of the country , shane . ''
the reason i like doing volunteer projects out of the country is because i do n't have the news hounding me every five seconds .
the situation was impossible because the bottom line was that even fleeing to a third world country had n't rid his mind of lia .
the best part of all was that she 'd be on the other side of the country - far from rafe .
you could be the prince of a foreign country , the president of the united states , a lawyer , doctor , anything .
evan is conveniently on business in another country where they do n't celebrate christmas , and my other brothers are working too .
lara had been displaced , and lost the two people most dear to her in a shocking event that had rocked the entire country .
i love my country and the citizens here , but my job stops after flirtation .
` ` that 's for betraying your country and letting lara get hurt - you selfish prick , '' he said in a husky , menacing voice before he turned his back on marcus and returned to lara 's side to grab her hand .
every woman in the country knew him .
showering her with gifts , taking her everywhere with him all over the country , and showing her off to everyone .